
         PRIVACY POLICY TeamSeas understands your concerns about privacy and your interest in knowing how your information is used and safeguarded, and we want to provide you with more information on these topics.
This Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) describes the practices, policies and procedures related to the TeamSeas website located at www.teamseas.com (the “Website”), including the types of personal information we collect on the Website, how we may use that information and with whom we may share it.
This Website is owned and operated by MrBeastYouTube, LLC, (hereinafter referred to as “MrBeast,” or “we” or “us”).
Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to the online information-gathering and sharing practices occurring on our Website, and does not apply to any of our practices conducted offline, or via other online channels.
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please check this Privacy Policy periodically for changes.
The date this Privacy Policy was last updated is stated at the end of this document. SUMMARY The notifications provided by this Privacy Policy include:

What personally identifiable information we collect from you through the Website.
How we use the information we collect.
With whom the information may be shared.
The kind of procedures we employ in an effort to hinder the unauthorized access, use or disclosure of information you provide to us.
Information related to third-party websites.
The laws that apply to those accessing our Website from outside of the United States.
How you can learn about changes to our privacy policies, practices and procedures.
Rights related to the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation
 THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT 
Personal Information You Provide And How It Is Used: You may freely visit our Website anonymously and without being required to provide us with any personal information.
However, certain features do require that you provide us with some personally identifying information.
Please note that we only collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us.
personal information is data that can be used to identify you.
Examples of instances in which we collect personal information include:

Donate: If you make a donation through the Website via the “donate” button, you will be asked to provide certain personally identifying information as required by the payment processor for the payment method selected.

Team Creation: If you opt to create a team to help raise donations, you will be asked to provide us with a “display” name and email address.

E-Newsletter: If you opt to receive updates, we will ask you to provide your email address, first and last name.

Shop: If you opt to buy an item from our online store, we will ask you to provide certain personally identifying information, such as your name and home address, as well as your payment information.
Please note that we work with third parties to host and administer the shop, and to process your payment transactions, and any information you share will also be shared with such third parties.

Non-Personal Information We Collect by Automated Means And How We Use It: We also collect certain non-personal information (data in a form that does not support direct association with any specific person or individual) by automated means when you visit the Website.
Much of this information is collected through the use of third-party tracking services, which includes Google Analytics and Hotjar.
The information collected may include usage information, such as the numbers and frequency of users to the Website, pages visited, web browsing histories, your location and device, social networking activities and similar data.
When gathered, this this data is used in the aggregate, and not in a manner that is intended to identify you personally.
This type of aggregate information may be shared with third parties at any time, including marketers.
In addition to the third-party tracking services mentioned above, we also collect this information through various other means, including "cookies,” as further explained below.

Cookies: A cookie is a piece of information that a web server may place on your computer when you visit a Website.
Cookies are commonly used by websites to improve the user experience.
Many cookies last only through a single Website session, or visit.
Others may have an expiration date, or may remain on your computer until you delete them.
We may also use cookies for other purposes, including to maintain continuity during a user session, to gather data about the usage of our Website for research and other purposes, or to store a user name or related login credentials so that you do not have to provide this information every time you return to our Website.
Most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookie/scripts, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie/script, and how to disable existing cookies.
You can also increase your control over scripts and cookies with a multitude of browser plug-ins such as NoScript, Ghostery, Lightbeam and Do Not Track Plus.
Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of all the features on our Website.

IP Addresses - When you visit and interact with the Website, third parties with whom we have contracted to provide services for us may collect Internet Protocol addresses (each an "IP Address"), as well as browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and page navigation.
An IP Address is a unique identifier number that certain electronic devices use to identify and to communicate with each other on the Internet.
your Internet Service Provider automatically assigns an IP Address to the computer that you are using. HOW WE MAY SHARE YOUR INFORMATION We may disclose all of the information (described herein) that we collect, as stated in this Privacy Policy including in accordance with the terms set forth in this section.
Please note MrBeast works with a variety of third-party partners in order to allow us to make the Website available to you, to host and store the information we collect from you, and to provide certain functionality and features, such as to process payment/donation transactions, or to fulfill the orders you place with our online store.
We will also share information related to your donation - for “transactional” purposes - with both the Ocean Conservancy and The Ocean Cleanup North Pacific Foundation, the two nonprofit organizations who are the recipients of the donations processed through the Website.
Except as stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not reveal personally identifiable information about you to third parties for their independent use unless: (1) you expressly authorize MrBeast to do so, (2) it is necessary to allow MrBeast and its service providers or agents to provide services on MrBeast’s behalf, (3) it is to provide services to you, (4) it is disclosed to entities that perform marketing or data aggregation services for MrBeast, (5) it is necessary in connection with a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of MrBeast or the merger of MrBeast into another entity or any consolidation, share exchange, combination, reorganization, or like transaction in which MrBeast is not the survivor, (6) MrBeast is required or permitted to do so for any or all of the following reasons: (i) to comply with a subpoena, legal process, government request or any other legal obligation, (ii) to prevent, investigate, detect, or prosecute criminal offenses or attacks on the technical integrity of the Website or our network, and/or (iii) to protect the rights, privacy, property, business, or safety of MrBeast, its partners and employees, the visitors of the Website, the children or families that we serve, or the public. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY Although we specifically require in our Terms of Use that anyone using our Website who is younger than 13 years of age first receive parental consent, we understand that children may still access the Website and provide us with information.
In cases in which may collect, use, or disclose personally identifiable information about visitors to our Website that are less than 13 years of age, please note that we have a separate privacy disclosure statement to address our protocols related to such collection, located HERE.
If you are the parent or guardian of a child under 13 years of age and you have any concerns related to the information we may be collecting and using, please contact us at support@support.teamseas.org, and be sure to include in your message the same username and email address that your child submitted, if applicable. HOW WE ATTEMPT TO SAFEGUARD YOUR INFORMATION We maintain – and ask that any third-party partners who may store information on our behalf to maintain - administrative, technical and physical safeguards for the Website designed to protect your personal information against theft, loss, misuse or unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of the personal information that we collect from you.
We restrict access to personal information collected about you on the Website to our employees, our affiliates' employees, those who are otherwise specified in this Privacy Policy, or others who need to know such information to provide services to you or in the course of conducting our business operations or activities.
However, no website, application or transmission can guarantee security.
Thus, while we have established and maintain what we believe to be reasonable procedures to protect the confidentiality, security, and integrity of personally identifying information obtained through the Website and we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. YOUR INFORMATION AND YOUR CHOICES To the extent required by law, we provide you with reasonable access to the personally identifiable information you provide to us.
Upon appropriate written request we will update or amend your information, but we reserve the right to use any information previously obtained to verify your identity or take other actions that we believe are appropriate and lawful.
We will endeavor to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
We may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, are impractical, or for which access is not otherwise required by local law.
Please note we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes, and there may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed from such locations.
Finally, please note that we are not responsible for removing or deleting information from the databases of third parties (such as service providers) with whom we have shared information about you. USE OF THE WEBSITE FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES We do not represent or warrant that the Website, or any part thereof, is appropriate or available for use in any particular geographic location.
If you choose to access our Website, you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk, and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules, and regulations applicable in your jurisdiction.
Please note that the Website is hosted in the United States and is governed by United States law.
If you are visiting the Website from outside the United States, please be aware that your information will be transferred to, stored and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated.
The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country.
By using the Website, you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy. PRIVACY QUESTIONS AND CONTACTING US If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@support.teamseas.org.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY We reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time.
Please check back regularly to see if there have been any changes to this policy, which you can determine by reviewing the Effective Date listed below.
By continuing to use the Website after those changes become effective, you consent and agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy. SPECIAL NOTICE TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA, SWITZERLAND AND UNITED KINGDOM USERS The following provisions applies only to users residing in the European Economic Area, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.
Pursuant to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), we are required to provide those residing in the European Economic Area, Switzerland and the United Kingdom (hereinafter, the “EU Users”) additional information and rights related to the “Personal Data” we collect about them.
We summarize such information and rights below. HOW TO CONTACT US MrBeastYouTube, LLC (the Data Controller) is the owner and operator of the Website.
If you need to contact us for any reason related to this Privacy Policy or your use of the Website, please contact us at support@support.teamseas.org or write to us at Legalese contact: 1300 19th St NW 8th floor, Washington, DC 20036. PURPOSE FOR INFORMATION COLLECTION As noted in this Privacy Policy, you may visit our Website without being required to provide us with any Personal Data.
However, should you decide to provide such information, the information we collect will be used to meet your requests, or to provide you with the applicable information or service requested, and as further described herein. LEGAL GROUNDS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA MrBeast will process personal data that we receive from EU Users on the ground that it is in our legitimate interest for the effective administration of the Website, to fulfill and/or address your requests, or to provide the functionalities and features as further described herein. YOUR INFORMATION AND YOUR CHOICES.
WITHDRAWAL OF CONSENT GDPR provides EU Users with additional rights in respect to the Personal Data we hold about you, including the right i) to be informed about the Personal Data we have collected, and ii) to request a copy of the Personal Data, and iii) to have your Personal Data deleted, and iv) to lodge a complaint about our processing of your Personal Data with your local supervisory authority.
Upon appropriate written request we will update or amend your Personal Data, but we reserve the right to use any information previously obtained to verify your identity or take other actions that we believe are appropriate and lawful.
You may access, correct, or request deletion of your Personal Data – or request that we stop any processing of your Personal Data - by contacting us at the address listed above.
We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
Please note we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes, and there may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed from such locations.
Additionally, there may be circumstances in which we are not legally required to comply with your request because of the laws in your jurisdiction or because of exemptions provided in data protection legislation in general, and GDPR in particular.
Finally, please note that we are not responsible for removing or deleting information from the databases of third parties (such as service providers) with whom we have shared information about you, but we will make the request on your behalf for such removal/deletion. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY/NOTE TO PARENTS OF CHILDREN RESIDING IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA, SWITZERLAND AND UNITED KINGDOM Although we specifically require that anyone using our Website who is not of the required age to act on their own behalf in their jurisdiction/country (“children” or “child”) first receive parental consent, we understand that children may still access the Website and provide us with information.
In cases in which we may collect, use, or disclose personally identifiable information about children to our Website, please note that we have a separate privacy disclosure statement to address our protocols related to such collection, located HERE.
If you are the parent or guardian of a child and you have any concerns related to the information we may be collecting and using, please contact us at support@support.teamseas.org, and be sure to include in your message the same username and email address that your child submitted, if applicable.

PRIVACY POLICY EFFECTIVE DATE

This Privacy Policy is effective as of October 27, 2021
