
         0ut3r Space 




Home
Post
Projects
Search
Category
Tag
Rss
$
§

On this page you can find Terms Of Service, Privacy Policy and Disclaimer.
Terms Of Service
Last Updated: 04-07-2021

Welcome to 0ut3r Space.
These terms of service outline the rules and regulations for the use of 0ut3r Space’s Website.
By accessing this website we assume you accept these terms of service in full.
Do not continue to use 0ut3r Space’s website if you do not accept all of the terms of service stated on this page.
The following terminology applies to these Terms of Service, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and any or all Agreements: “Client”, “Visitor”, You” and “Your” refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting the Company’s terms of service.
“The Company”, “Ourselves”, “We”, “Our” and “Us”, “Me”, refers to our website.
“Party”, “Parties”, or “Us”, “Me,” refers to both the Client and ourselves, or either the Client or ourselves.
All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner, whether by formal meetings of a fixed duration, or any other means, for the express purpose of meeting the Client’s needs in respect of provision of the Company’s stated services/products, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing law of.
Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalisation and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.
CookiesWe employ the use of cookies.
By using 0ut3r Space’s website you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with 0ut3r Space’s privacy policy.
Most of the modern day interactive web sites use cookies to enable us to retrieve user details for each visit.
Cookies are used in some areas of our site to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people visiting.
Some of our affiliate / advertising partners may also use cookies.
LicenseUnless otherwise stated, 0ut3r Space and/or it’s licensors own the intellectual property rights for all material on 0ut3r Space.
All intellectual property rights are reserved.
You may view and/or print pages from 0ut3r.space for your own personal use subject to restrictions set in these terms of service.
You must not:

Republish material from 0ut3r.space
Sell, rent or sub-license material from 0ut3r.space
Reproduce, duplicate or copy material from 0ut3r.space
Redistribute content from 0ut3r Space (unless content is specifically made for redistribution).

User Comments
This Agreement shall begin on the date hereof.
Certain parts of this website offer the opportunity for users to post and exchange opinions, information, material and data (‘Comments’) in areas of the website.
0ut3r Space does not screen, edit, publish or review Comments prior to their appearance on the website and Comments do not reflect the views or opinions of 0ut3r Space, its agents or affiliates.
Comments reflect the view and opinion of the person who posts such view or opinion.
To the extent permitted by applicable laws 0ut3r Space shall not be responsible or liable for the Comments or for any loss cost, liability, damages or expenses caused and or suffered as a result of any use of and/or posting of and/or appearance of the Comments on this website.
0ut3r Space reserves the right to monitor all Comments and to remove any Comments which it considers in its absolute discretion to be inappropriate, offensive or otherwise in breach of these Terms of Service.
You warrant and represent that:
You are entitled to post the Comments on our website and have all necessary licenses and consents to do so;
The Comments do not infringe any intellectual property right, including without limitation copyright, patent or trademark, or other proprietary right of any third party;
The Comments do not contain any defamatory, libelous, offensive, indecent or otherwise unlawful material or material which is an invasion of privacy
The Comments will not be used to solicit or promote business or custom or present commercial activities or unlawful activity.


You hereby grant to 0ut3r Space a non-exclusive royalty-free license to use, reproduce, edit and authorize others to use, reproduce and edit any of your Comments in any and all forms, formats or media.
Comments are moderated.
The comment section is based on an external system provided by Disqus.
Before You publish comment make sure you agree with Disqus ToS and Privacy Policy.

Hyperlinking to our Content

The following organizations may link to our Web site without prior written approval:

Government agencies;
Search engines;
News organizations;
Online directory distributors when they list us in the directory may link to our Web site in the same manner as they hyperlink to the Web sites of other listed businesses.
and
Systemwide Accredited Businesses except soliciting non-profit organizations, charity shopping malls, and charity fundraising groups which may not hyperlink to our Web site.



These organizations may link to our home page, to publications or to other Web site information so long as the link: (a) is not in any way misleading.
(b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or approval of the linking party and its products or services.
and (c) fits within the context of the linking party’s site.


We may consider and approve in our sole discretion other link requests from the following types of organizations:

commonly-known consumer and/or business information sources such as Chambers of Commerce, American Automobile Association, AARP and Consumers Union;
dot.com community sites;
associations or other groups representing charities, including charity giving sites,
online directory distributors;
internet portals;
accounting, law and consulting firms whose primary clients are businesses.
and
educational institutions and trade associations.



We will approve link requests from these organizations if we determine that: (a) the link would not reflect unfavorably on us or our accredited businesses (for example, trade associations or other organizations representing inherently suspect types of business, such as work-at-home opportunities, shall not be allowed to link).
(b) the organization does not have an unsatisfactory record with us.
(c) the benefit to us from the visibility associated with the hyperlink outweighs the absence of 0ut3r Space.
and (d) where the link is in the context of general resource information or is otherwise consistent with editorial content in a newsletter or similar product furthering the mission of the organization.
These organizations may link to our home page, to publications or to other Web site information so long as the link: (a) is not in any way misleading.
(b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or approval of the linking party and it products or services.
and (c) fits within the context of the linking party’s site.
If you are among the organizations listed in paragraph 2 above and are interested in linking to our website, you must notify us by sending an e-mail to hoek [at] tuta [dot] io.
Please include your name, your organization name, contact information (such as a phone number and/or e-mail address) as well as the URL of your site, a list of any URLs from which you intend to link to our Web site, and a list of the URL(s) on our site to which you would like to link.
Allow 2-3 weeks for a response.
Approved organizations may hyperlink to our Web site as follows:

By use of our corporate name.
or
By use of the uniform resource locator (Web address) being linked to.
or
By use of any other description of our Web site or material being linked to that makes sense within the context and format of content on the linking party’s site.

No use of 0ut3r Space’s logo or other artwork will be allowed for linking absent a trademark license agreement.
IframesWithout prior approval and express written permission, you may not create frames around our Web pages or use other techniques that alter in any way the visual presentation or appearance of our Web site.
Content LiabilityWe shall have no responsibility or liability for any content appearing on your Web site.
You agree to indemnify and defend us against all claims arising out of or based upon your Website.
No link(s) may appear on any page on your Web site or within any context containing content or materials that may be interpreted as libelous, obscene or criminal, or which infringes, otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement or other violation of, any third party rights.
Reservation of RightsWe reserve the right at any time and in its sole discretion to request that you remove all links or any particular link to our Web site.
You agree to immediately remove all links to our Web site upon such request.
We also reserve the right to amend these terms of service and its linking policy at any time.
By continuing to link to our Web site, you agree to be bound to and abide by these linking terms of service.
Removal of links from our websiteIf you find any link on our Web site or any linked web site objectionable for any reason, you may contact us about this.
We will consider requests to remove links but will have no obligation to do so or to respond directly to you.
Whilst we endeavour to ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy.
nor do we commit to ensuring that the website remains available or that the material on the website is kept up to date.
DisclaimerTo the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions relating to our website and the use of this website (including, without limitation, any warranties implied by law in respect of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and/or the use of reasonable care and skill).
Nothing in this disclaimer will:

limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence;
limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
limit any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law.
or
exclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.

The limitations and exclusions of liability set out in this Section and elsewhere in this disclaimer: (a) are subject to the preceding paragraph.
and (b) govern all liabilities arising under the disclaimer or in relation to the subject matter of this disclaimer, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort (including negligence) and for breach of statutory duty.
To the extent that the website and the information and services on the website are provided free of charge, we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.
ToS UpdatesThe information about the change in the above regulations is the last update date.
We do not send any change notifications.
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 28-06-2021

Your privacy is important to usIt is 0ut3r Space’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website.
This Privacy Policy applies to 0ut3r.space (hereinafter, “us”, “we”, “me”, or “0ut3r.space”).
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website.
We have adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties.
This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms of service posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website.
Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms of service.

Website Visitors

Like most website operators, 0ut3r Space collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request.
0ut3r Space’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how 0ut3r Space’s visitors use its website.
From time to time, 0ut3r Space may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
0ut3r Space also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://0ut3r.space blog posts.
0ut3r Space only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
2.
SecurityThe security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
3.
AdvertisementsAds appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer.
This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by 0ut3r Space and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
4.
Links To External SitesOur Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us.
If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site.
We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms of service of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
5.
Aggregated Statistics0ut3r Space may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website.
0ut3r Space may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, 0ut3r Space does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
6.
Affiliate DisclosureThis site uses affiliate links and does earn a commission from certain links.
This does not affect your purchases or the price you may pay.
To enrich and perfect your online experience, 0ut3r Space uses “Cookies”, similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns.
0ut3r Space uses cookies to help 0ut3r Space identify and track visitors, their usage of https://0ut3r.space, and their website access preferences.
0ut3r Space visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using 0ut3r Space’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of 0ut3r Space’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to 0ut3r Space’s use of cookies.
8.
Privacy Policy ChangesAlthough most changes are likely to be minor, 0ut3r Space may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in 0ut3r Space’s sole discretion.
0ut3r Space encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy.
Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Disclaimer
Last Updated: 04-07-2021

IntroductionThe information provided by 0ut3r Space (“We”, “Me”, “Us” or “Our”) on 0ut3r.space (the “Website”) is for general informational purposes only.
All information on the Website is provided in good faith, however, We make no representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied, regarding the accuracy, adequacy, validity, reliability, availability or completeness of any information on the Website.
Under no circumstance shall We have any liability to You for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the Website or reliance on any information provided on the Website.
Your use of the Website and Your reliance on any information on the Website is solely at Your own risk.
1 ConsentBy using the Website, You hereby consent to this Disclaimer and agree to its terms.
We will not be liable for any damages experienced in connection with the use of Our Website.

If You do not agree with this Disclaimer, STOP now and do not access or use this Website.

2 External Links DisclaimerThe Website may contain (or You may be sent through the Website links to other sites or content belonging to or originating from third parties or links to sites and features in banners or other advertising.
We do not investigate, monitor, or check such external links for accuracy, adequacy, validity, reliability, availability or completeness.
We do not warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for the accuracy or reliability of any information offered by third-party websites linked through the Website or any site or feature linked in any banner or other advertising.
We will not be a party to or in any way be responsible for monitoring any transaction between You and third-party providers of products or services.
3 ReviewsAt various times, We may provide reviews of products, services, or other resources.
This may include reviews of books, services, and/or software applications.
Any such reviews will represent the good-faith opinions of the author of such review.
The products and services reviewed may be provided to Us for free or at a reduced price as an incentive to provide a review.
Regardless of any such discounts, We will provide honest reviews of these products and/or services.
You recognize that You should conduct Your own due diligence and should not rely solely upon any reviews provided on this Website.
We will disclose the existence of any discounts or incentives received in exchange for providing a review of a product.
If You would like more information about any such discounts and incentives, send an email to hoek [at] tuta [dot] io that includes the title of the reviewed product as the subject line.
We will respond via email and disclose any incentives or discounts We received in association with any such review.
4 Fair Use NoticeThe Website contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner.
We believe this constitutes a “fair use” of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the US Copyright Law.
If You wish to use copyrighted material from the Website for purposes of Your own that go beyond fair use, You must obtain permission from the copyright owner.
5 Personal ResponsibilityYou acknowledge You are using Our Website voluntarily and that any choices, actions and results now and in the future are solely Your responsibility.
We will not be liable to You or any other party for any decision made or action taken in reliance on the information given in the Website.
6 Copyright InformationCOPYRIGHT 2018-2021 0ut3r Space.
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. hoek © 2018-2021 
Home
Post
Projects
Search
Category
Tag
Rss
$
§

