



 Customer service: support@1likenoother.co.uk 


 Account | Basket ( 0 ) 0 Items in in cart There are no items in your cart 
 0 Items in cart There are no items in your cart Search: Start typing &amp.
press enter to search Clear Results in Shop 
Shop
About Us
Shop
Stockists
 1 Like No Other 1 Like No Other is a quintessential British menswear brand that was born out of the city and bred to make individuals stand out from the crowd.

Shop
News
Contact
Search Search



Signature Shirts
Resort Wear
Formal Shirts
Accessories
 Privacy Policy 1 Like No Other is sensitive to privacy issues on the Internet.
We believe that it is important you know how we treat the information we receive about you on the Internet and how the information is collected.
In general, you may visit the site without telling us who you are or revealing any personally identifiable information about you.
Our servers collect the IP addresses, operating system in use (e.g., Macintosh, Windows) and browser (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer).
This information is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the Site, pages viewed, etc.
1 Like Other uses this information to measure the use of our Site and to improve the content of our Site.
E-mail addresses and other personally identifiable information such as first and last name, telephone number, and other similar information are known only when voluntarily provided by a visitor for registration or other participation of visitors in any available online interactive activities. Storage of Credit Card Detail For extra security we do not keep the details of your credit cards on our web site.
When you place an order the details are encrypted and then sent to a third party who will decrypt the details, check them with your bank and then send us the results of that check to process the order. Use of Your Information We may use the personal information you provide for any of the following purposes: (1) to understand the use of our Site and make improvements.
(2) to fulfill prizes.
(3) to respond to specific requests from visitors.
(4) to protect the security or integrity of our Site when necessary.
(5) to send you notices and solicitations regarding Site and our businesses.
and (6) in general to promote and market products to you.
If you do not want to receive these solicitations from us using your personally identifiable information, please notify us.
This site may collect information on demographics and interests.
Visitors can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Settings Disclosures of Your Information We do not sell, transfer or otherwise disclose this personally identifiable information outside this company, except where disclosure is required by law. Revision of Privacy Policies We may from time to time revise our Privacy Policy You are responsible for checking this policy when you visit our Site to review the current policy.
If you do not agree with the policy, we recommend that you do not use the site any further. Cookies A technology called "cookies" may be used to provide you with tailored information.
A "cookie" is a tiny element of data that a web site can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your hard drive so we can recognize you when you return.
You may be able to set your browser to block the use of cookies or notify yourself when you receive a cookie but the use of the site will be limited.
Our website uses Cookies for various purposes.
Cookies are small text parcels sent to and from a website, which is then stored on your computer by your browser.
Without a Cookie a website cannot distinguish between different users, which can lead to essential functionality of a site not working as expected.
This policy explains how Cookies are used on our website and how you can control them.
In this policy, we/us/website refers to http://www.1likenoother.co.uk How we use Cookies We use Cookies to define sessions, provide essential site features and track visitors anonymously for analytical purposes.
We regularly carry out an audit of the cookies used on our website and have categorised them into the following:

Essential Cookies
Functional Cookies
Third Party Cookies

 The below tables highlight all of the Cookies in use on this website.
The Duration specifies how long they live on your computer until they are removed or renewed.
Each type of Cookie may occur multiple times, each with different Name(s).
We grouped these together for readability purposes.
 Essential Cookies  These Cookies are required by the website in order to work as expected.
Without them you may be unable to browse parts of the website or view it at all.
 Cookie Name(s) Duration Description Session ASP.NET_SessionId Session Used to provide the User with a Session Authorisation ASPXAUTH Session Authorises the User to have access to the members area Basket Cookie BasketCookie 1 year This cookie is essetnial for us to load your basket with the products you are wanting to purchase.
We save this cookie on your browser to allow you to continue shopping each day saving you the hassle of adding each item back into your basket.
Functional Cookies  These Cookies are used by features of our website to identify you and your preferences as you use the site.
It is possible to use the website without these, though you may see a degraded experience.
 Cookie Name(s) Duration Description Referrer CustomerRefID CustomerRefSiteID 2 years These cookies allows us to know where you came from across browser sessions, so for example if you found us via google but purchased later in the week we still know how you originally found us.
Cookie annoucement evCShown 7 days This cookie tells us if you have seen the cookie announcement.
It does not store any personal data.
Third Party Cookies  These Cookies are used by selected third parties we have chosen to integrate with.
They are used mainly for tracking purposes so that we can further improve the site for the future.
They may also be used for integrating with social sites to further enhance your website experience.
 Cookie Name(s) Duration Description Facebook datr, locale, csm, lu, p, act, c_user, s, xs, presence Varies Used by Facebook for Like button Google Analytics _utmz, _utmc, _utmb, _utma Varies Used by Google Analytics for tracking purposes.
You can opt out of these using the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on.
Controlling the Cookies  By default, all of the above Cookies are in use on our website.
However, if you
wish to take control of these cookies you can do so by following the instructions
below for your browser: 

Internet Explorer (mobile)
Chrome
Firefox
Safari
Blackberry
Android
Opera

 This will allow you to remove Cookies or prevent using them altogether.
Remember, turning off Cookies in your browser will affect all websites not just this one.
If you later decide you'd like to allow Cookies, then simply adjust your browser settings and continue using the website.
Cookies will then be sent to and from our website.

e-commerce technology by Remarkable.net Contacting Us  You have a right to access the personal data that is held about you.
Please write to us at the following address to obtain a copy of the personal information enclosing your postal details: 
 Customer Service  Roffe Accessories



Shop
Signature Shirts
Resort Wear
Formal Shirts
Accessories


The Brand
About Us


Here to help
Terms &amp.
Conditions
Store Locator
Delivery &amp.
Returns
Privacy Policy
Contact


Connect
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
 ©2017 1 like no other.
al rights reserved.
Register 
      