
Effective date: September 4, 2018
101soundboards.com ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://www.101soundboards.com website (the "Service").
We use your data to provide and improve the Service.
By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://www.101soundboards.com Information Collection And Use We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you. Types of Data Collected Personal Data While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data").
Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

Cookies and Usage Data
 Usage Data We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data").
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g.
IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. Tracking &amp.
Cookies Data We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier.
Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device.
Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:


Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.

Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.

Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
 Use of Data 101soundboards.com uses the collected data for various purposes:

To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
 Disclosure Of Data Legal Requirements 101soundboards.com may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of 101soundboards.com
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
 Security Of Data The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Service Providers We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. Analytics We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.



Piwik or Matomo

Piwik or Matomo is a web analytics service.
You can visit their Privacy Policy page here: https://matomo.org/privacy-policy



Google Analytics

Google Analytics is a web analytics service.
You can visit their Privacy Policy page here: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en

 hCaptcha We use the hCaptcha anti-bot service (hereinafter "hCaptcha") on our websites or mobile apps.
This service is provided by Intuition Machines, Inc., a Delaware US Corporation ("IMI").
hCaptcha is used to check whether the data entered on our website (such as on a login page or contact form) has been entered by a human or by an automated program.
To do this, hCaptcha analyzes the behavior of the website or mobile app visitor based on various characteristics.
This analysis starts automatically as soon as the website or mobile app visitor enters a part of the website or app with hCaptcha enabled.
For the analysis, hCaptcha evaluates various information (e.g.
IP address, how long the visitor has been on the website or app, or mouse movements made by the user).
The data collected during the analysis will be forwarded to IMI.
hCaptcha analysis in the "invisible mode" may take place completely in the background.
Website or app visitors are not advised that such an analysis is taking place if the user is not shown a challenge.
Data processing is based on Art.
6(1)(f) of the GDPR (DSGVO): the website or mobile app operator has a legitimate interest in protecting its site from abusive automated crawling and spam.
For more information about hCaptcha and IMI's privacy policy and terms of use, please visit the following links: https://hcaptcha.com/privacy/ and https://hcaptcha.com/terms. Modification of content By accessing this web site, you are given an ethereal licence to view the content.
No modification to this content, such as blocking advertising is permitted.
By blocking advertising, you are in violation of the terms of service of the web site. Advertising Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer.
This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site.
These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Links To Other Sites Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us.
If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site.
We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services. Children's Privacy Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18.
If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us.
If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers. Changes To This Privacy Policy We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. Contact Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:

By visiting this page on our website: https://www.101soundboards.com/pages/contact

