
Thanks for accessing to 17TRACK.net website, mobile applications, devices and other software, any and all parent, subsidiary or associate company (collectively, the 'Site') of 17TRACK.net (all references to 'we' 'us' and 'our' refer to 17TRACK.net).
We take your privacy seriously and want you to know about the Privacy Policy we have in place to protect your personal information.
This Private Policy also applies through our services and products via mobile devices, either through mobile applications or mobile-optimized websites.


This Privacy Policy explains:


By visiting our Site, you accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy:

Collection of Information
Use of Information We Collect
Sharing of Your Information
Your Choices
Data Security and Retention
Visitors from the European Union
Third-Party Data
Privacy of Children Online
Cookie Policy
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Collection of Permissions (App only)
Third party SDKs (Android only)
 Collection of Information We collect, process, and use your information when you:

Register for our Services or sign in to an existing account
Visit our website(s)
Access our Services through our application(s)
Connect to our Services using third-party accounts, such as your email, social media, or payment account(s)
Contact us for support
Participate in our shopping or influencer programs
Enter a sweepstakes, contest, promotion, survey, or poll

Further, we and our service providers automatically collect certain information about you through:

Interaction with our Services
Cookies and other tracking technologies
Location-identifying technologies
Monitoring and analyzing trends, usage, and activities

The types of information you provide may include Personal Information.
'Personal Information' means information that can be used to identify you (whether alone or in combination).
The Personal Information you may provide to us includes:

Your name
Email address
Mailing address
Phone number
Payment information (such as payment account name, payment account number, payment card expiration date, and billing address)
The nature of the product or service requested or purchased
How you connect to our Services, such as your IP address, unique device identifiers, device or session IDs, and information regarding the network and connected hardware (e.g., computer or mobile device)
Browsing, shopping, and purchase history
Your geolocation
Click-stream data (the page-by-page paths you take as you browse through our Services)
 Use of Information We Collect Internal Use:

We receive and store certain types of information about your use of the Site when you use the Site.
Our purpose is to allow the Site to work properly, to allow us to provide our services, to evaluate use of the Site, for marketing purposes and to personalize and enhance your interaction with us.
Some examples include: We may collect technical information such as your IP address, the address of a referring website or application, the type of web browser or mobile device you use, your operating system, your Internet Service Provider and the path you take through the Site.
When you purchase our service, we collect information about the transaction, such as services details and the date of the purchase/return.

Communication with You:

We will use your personal information to communicate with you about our Site.
You may also submit your email address or phone number to request notification when we receive new update of your package, our new service promotion, or to sign up for our email newsletter, SMS newsletter.
You can unsubscribe or opt out of future emails at any time.

Administer Contests and Promotions:

From time to time, 17TRACK may invite you to enter various contests, sweepstakes, surveys or promotions.
If you choose to participate in a contest or promotion, your Personal Information may be used to administer the contest, such as to determine your eligibility for the contest or to award a prize.
 Sharing of Information We do not sell, rent, trade, license, or otherwise disclose your personal information to anyone, except in the following specific situations:

Service Providers and Vendors: We may disclose or otherwise make available personal information, including transaction information, to service providers and vendors for the purpose of managing, providing and improving 17TRACK services and for marketing purposes.
Examples: Logistics companies, vendors, and other payment service providers such as PayPal, financial institution partners, credit card processors, hosting and maintenance providers, data storage and management providers, marketing and promotional providers, service providers sending emails and SMS notifications and generally, companies that help us improve our product and service offerings and our websites.
Protection of Rights and Other Legal Purposes: We may be required to disclose information if subpoenaed, served with a court order or requested by law-enforcement officials conducting investigations, or if we are otherwise required by law to disclose such information.
We will also release personal information when necessary to protect our legal rights or enforce our Terms of Use and other agreements.
17TRACK may provide your personal information in response to a search warrant, subpoena or other legally valid inquiry or order, or as otherwise required by applicable law.
Merger and/or sale of assets: We do not normally sell trade or rent personal information to other companies in the course of our business.
However, it is possible that we might acquire, merge with or be acquired by another company, or that we might dispose of some or all of our assets, in which case your personal information could be disclosed to another company, subject to the Privacy Policy in effect.
Non-personally identifiable information: We may share information that does not identify you or any user, such as the number of daily visitors engaged to a particular page, with third parties such as advertising partners.
 Your Choices You can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to use our services, or to take advantage of certain features or functions on the Site.


You can contact us through our email at serv@17track.net to:

Correct or update your personal information
Stop receiving mail to your email address
Stop receiving SMS messages to your phones
Disable your account
Block cookies on your computer to stop using featured service on the Site
 Data Security and Retention This Site incorporates physical, electronic, and administrative procedures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information, such as:

Safeguarding all financial transactions done through this Site with Secure Sockets Layer ('SSL') encryption.
Granting only employees who are providing a specific service access to your personal information.
Working only with third-party service providers who we believe adequately secure all computer hardware.

While our business is designed with safeguarding your personal information in mind, please remember that 100% security does not presently exist anywhere, online or offline.
17TRACK accounts require a username and password to log in.
You must keep your username and password confidential, and never disclose it to a third party.
Because the information in your Distribution Lists is so sensitive, account passwords are encrypted, which means we cannot see your passwords.
We cannot resend forgotten passwords either.
We will only reset them.

 Visitors from the European Union This section of the Privacy Policy applies only if you use our Site or services covered by this Privacy Policy from a country that is a Member State of the European Union, and supplements the information in this Privacy Policy.


Subject to limitations in applicable law, you are entitled to object to or request the restriction of processing of your personal information, and to request access to, portability, rectification and erasure of your own personal information.
Where the use of your information is based on consent, you can withdraw this consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.


Requests should be submitted by contacting us through our email at serv@17track.net.

 Third-Party Data 17TRACK.net contains hyperlinks to websites of logistics providers, merchants and retailers and other websites or locations that we do not control and are operated and controlled by third parties ('Third-Party Websites').
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to these Third-Party Websites and we make no representations regarding the policies or business practices of any such Third-Party Websites.

 Privacy of Children Online We respect children's privacy.
We do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from children under age 18.
Elsewhere on this Site, you have represented and warranted that you are either 18 years of age or are using the Site with the supervision of a parent or guardian.


If you are under the age of 18, please do not submit any personal information to us, and rely on a parent or guardian to assist you when using the Site.

 Cookie Policy Cookies are small pieces of information that your Internet browser stores as text files on your computer's hard drive.


17TRACK.net uses cookies and similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track user's movements around the Site, and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
We use cookies for many purposes, including, without limitation, authentication, tracking user preferences or web pages visited while using our Services.


The Site uses cookies to:

Speed up navigation
Track site usage
Recognize users and user access privileges and preference
Conduct research and diagnostics to improve our content, products and services

Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies.
you may control the use of cookies at the browser level.
If you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on the Site.

 Changes to This Privacy Policy To keep you informed of what information we collect, use, and disclose, we will post any changes or updates to this Privacy Policy on this Site and encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time.
If we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

 Contact Us If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us through our email serv@17track.net.

 Collection of Permissions (App only) We will only apply to the users for permissions when necessary to ensure the normal use of the functions.
There are specific sensitive permissions as follows:

Read and write permission for storage space(for users using low versions of Android devices to save the barcodes to the gallery)
Camera access permission(for users to turn on the camera to scan the barcodes to add tracking numbers for quick tracking)
 Third party SDKs (Android only) Hoping to improve the efficiency of research and development, we used third-party SDK(Software Development Kit) in our 17TRACK Android App to provide our users with more diverse services.
The SDK we used are as follows:

QQ Login SDK (to authorize login via QQ and account connection(the identification information of the user devices might be collected).
WeChat Open SDK (to authorize login via WeChat and account connection(the identification information of the user devices might be collected).
Alipay SDK (to authorize login via Alipay and account connection(the identification information of the user devices might be collected).
Facebook SDK (to authorize login via Facebook and account connection(the identification information of the user devices might be collected).
VK SDK (to authorize login via VK and account connection(the identification information of the user devices might be collected).
Firebase SDK (to push notifications, analyze and count the application errors(the identification information of the user devices might be collected).

