
         Acceptable use policy These acceptable use policy ("Acceptable Use Policy", "AUP", "Policy") is an agreement between Website Operator ("Website Operator", "us", "we" or "our") and you ("User", "you" or "your").
This Policy sets forth the general guidelines and acceptable and prohibited uses of the 2haas.com website and any of its products or services (collectively, "Website" or "Services"). Prohibited activities and uses You may not use the Services to publish content or engage in activity that is illegal under applicable law, that is harmful to others, or that would subject us to liability, including, without limitation, in connection with any of the following, each of which is prohibited under this Policy:

Distributing malware or other malicious code.
Disclosing sensitive personal information about others.
Collecting, or attempting to collect, personal information about third parties without their knowledge or consent.
Distributing pornography or adult related content.
Promoting or facilitating prostitution or any escort services.
Hosting, distributing or linking to child pornography or content that is harmful to minors.
Promoting or facilitating gambling, violence, terrorist activities or selling weapons or ammunition.
Engaging in the unlawful distribution of controlled substances, drug contraband or prescription medications.
Managing payment aggregators or facilitators such as processing payments on behalf of other businesses or charities.
Facilitating pyramid schemes or other models intended to seek payments from public actors.
Threatening harm to persons or property or otherwise harassing behavior.
Infringing the intellectual property or other proprietary rights of others.
Facilitating, aiding, or encouraging any of the above activities through our Services.
 System abuse Any User in violation of our Services security is subject to criminal and civil liability, as well as immediate account termination.
Examples include, but are not limited to the following:

Use or distribution of tools designed for compromising security of the Services.
Intentionally or negligently transmitting files containing a computer virus or corrupted data.
Accessing another network without permission, including to probe or scan for vulnerabilities or breach security or authentication measures.
Unauthorized scanning or monitoring of data on any network or system without proper authorization of the owner of the system or network.
 Service resources You may not consume excessive amounts of the Services or use the Services in any way which results in performance issues or which interrupts the services for other Users.
Prohibited activities that contribute to excessive use, include without limitation:

Deliberate attempts to overload the Services and broadcast attacks (i.e.
denial of service attacks).
Engaging in any other activities that degrade the usability and performance of our Services.
 No spam policy You may not use our Services to send spam or bulk unsolicited messages.
We maintain a zero tolerance policy for use of our Services in any manner associated with the transmission, distribution or delivery of any bulk e-mail, including unsolicited bulk or unsolicited commercial e-mail, or the sending, assisting, or commissioning the transmission of commercial e-mail that does not comply with the U.S.
CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 ("SPAM").
Your products or services advertised via SPAM (i.e.
Spamvertised) may not be used in conjunction with our Services.
This provision includes, but is not limited to, SPAM sent via fax, phone, postal mail, email, instant messaging, or newsgroups. Defamation and objectionable content We value the freedom of expression and encourage Users to be respectful with the content they post.
We are not a publisher of User content and are not in a position to investigate the veracity of individual defamation claims or to determine whether certain material, which we may find objectionable, should be censored.
However, we reserve the right to moderate, disable or remove any content to prevent harm to others or to us or our Services, as determined in our sole discretion. Privacy Protection We DON'T USE any 3rd party services to ensure your privacy though our service.
Privacy means your datas ex: Personal Information, Name, Phone Number etc are not shared with any other organizations.
Read more on Privacy Policy. Privacy policy This privacy policy ("Policy") describes how Website Operator ("Website Operator", "we", "us" or "our") collects, protects and uses the personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") you ("User", "you" or "your") may provide on the 2haas.com website and any of its products or services (collectively, "Website" or "Services").
It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your Personal Information and how you can access and update this information.
This Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals that we do not employ or manage. Automatic collection of information Our top priority is customer data security and, as such, we exercise the no logs policy.
We may process only minimal user data, only as much as it is absolutely necessary to maintain the Website or Services.
Information collected automatically is used only to identify potential cases of abuse and establish statistical information regarding Website usage.
This statistical information is not otherwise aggregated in such a way that would identify any particular user of the system. Collection of personal information You can visit the Website without telling us who you are or revealing any information by which someone could identify you as a specific, identifiable individual.
If, however, you wish to use some of the Website's features, you may be asked to provide certain Personal Information (for example, your name and e-mail address).
We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us when you fill any online forms on the Website.
You can choose not to provide us with your Personal Information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of some of the Website's features.
Users who are uncertain about what information is mandatory are welcome to contact us. Use and processing of collected information In order to make our Website and Services available to you, or to meet a legal obligation, we need to collect and use certain Personal Information.
If you do not provide the information that we request, we may not be able to provide you with the requested products or services.
Some of the information we collect is directly from you via our Website.
However, we may also collect Personal Information about you from other sources.
Any of the information we collect from you may be used for the following purposes:

Request user feedback
Improve user experience
Enforce terms and conditions and policies
Protect from abuse and malicious users
Respond to legal requests and prevent harm
Run and operate our Website and Services

Processing your Personal Information depends on how you interact with our Website, where you are located in the world and if one of the following applies: (i) you have given your consent for one or more specific purposes.
this, however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal Information is subject to California Consumer Privacy Act or European data protection law.
(ii) provision of information is necessary for the performance of an agreement with you and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof.
(iii) processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which you are subject.
(iv) processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in us.
(v) processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party.
 Note that under some legislations we may be allowed to process information until you object to such processing (by opting out), without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal bases below.
In any case, we will be happy to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Information is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract. Disclosure of information  The maintain the highest level of privacy and protecting your Personal Information to the full extent, we do not share your Personal Information with anyone and for any reason. Retention of information We will retain and use your Personal Information for the period necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
We may use any aggregated data derived from or incorporating your Personal Information after you update or delete it, but not in a manner that would identify you personally.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Information shall be deleted.
Therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after the expiration of the retention period. Transfer of information Depending on your location, data transfers may involve transferring and storing your information in a country other than your own.
You are entitled to learn about the legal basis of information transfers to a country outside the European Union or to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by us to safeguard your information.
If any such transfer takes place, you can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this Privacy Policy or inquire with us using the information provided in the contact section. The rights of users You may exercise certain rights regarding your information processed by us.
In particular, you have the right to do the following: (i) you have the right to withdraw consent where you have previously given your consent to the processing of your information.
(ii) you have the right to object to the processing of your information if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent.
(iii) you have the right to learn if information is being processed by us, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the information undergoing processing.
(iv) you have the right to verify the accuracy of your information and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
(v) you have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of your information, in which case, we will not process your information for any purpose other than storing it.
(vi) you have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of your Personal Information from us.
(vii) you have the right to receive your information in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance.
This provision is applicable provided that your information is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on your consent, on a contract which you are part of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof. The right to object to processing Where Personal Information is processed for the public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in us or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us, you may object to such processing by providing a ground related to your particular situation to justify the objection. Data protection rights under GDPR If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights.
Website Operator aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Information.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Information we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:

You have the right to request access to your Personal Information that we store and have the ability to access your Personal Information.
You have the right to request that we correct any Personal Information you believe is inaccurate.
You also have the right to request us to complete the Personal Information you believe is incomplete.
You have the right to request the erase your Personal Information under certain conditions of this Privacy Policy.
You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Information.
 You have the right to seek restrictions on the processing of your Personal Information.
When you restrict the processing of your Personal Information, we may store it but will not process it further.
 You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
 You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Website Operator relied on your consent to process your Personal Information.

You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Information.
For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA). California privacy rights In addition to the rights as explained in this Privacy Policy, California residents who provide Personal Information (as defined in the statute) to obtain products or services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us, once a calendar year, information about the Personal Information we shared, if any, with other businesses for marketing uses.
If applicable, this information would include the categories of Personal Information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared such personal information for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g., requests made in the current year will receive information about the prior year).
To obtain this information please contact us. How to exercise these rights Any requests to exercise your rights can be directed to Website Operator through the contact details provided in this document.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
Your request must provide sufficient information that allows us to verify that you are the person you are claiming to be or that you are the authorized representative of such person.
You must include sufficient details to allow us to properly understand the request and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information unless we first verify your identity or authority to make such a request and confirm that the Personal Information relates to you. Privacy of children We do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children under the age of 18.
If you are under the age of 18, please do not submit any Personal Information through our Website or Service.
We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Information through our Website or Service without their permission.
If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 18 has provided Personal Information to us through our Website or Service, please contact us.
You must also be at least 16 years of age to consent to the processing of your Personal Information in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf). Do Not Track signals Some browsers incorporate a Do Not Track feature that signals to websites you visit that you do not want to have your online activity tracked.
Tracking is not the same as using or collecting information in connection with a website.
For these purposes, tracking refers to collecting personally identifiable information from consumers who use or visit a website or online service as they move across different websites over time.
Our Website does not track its visitors over time and across third party websites.
However, some third party sites may keep track of your browsing activities when they serve you content, which enables them to tailor what they present to you. Links to other websites Our Website contains links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by us.
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites or third parties.
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that may collect Personal Information. Information security We secure information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
We maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in an effort to protect against unauthorized access, use, modification, and disclosure of Personal Information in its control and custody.
However, no data transmission over the Internet or wireless network can be guaranteed.
Therefore, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, you acknowledge that (i) there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet which are beyond our control.
(ii) the security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and our Website cannot be guaranteed.
and (iii) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third party, despite best efforts. Data breach In the event we become aware that the security of the Website has been compromised or users Personal Information has been disclosed to unrelated third parties as a result of external activity, including, but not limited to, security attacks or fraud, we reserve the right to take reasonably appropriate measures, including, but not limited to, investigation and reporting, as well as notification to and cooperation with law enforcement authorities.
In the event of a data breach, we will make reasonable efforts to notify affected individuals if we believe that there is a reasonable risk of harm to the user as a result of the breach or if notice is otherwise required by law.
When we do, we will post a notice on the Website. Changes and amendments We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in our discretion and will notify you of any material changes to the way in which we treat Personal Information.
When changes are made, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page.
We may also provide notice to you in other ways in our discretion, such as through contact information you have provided.
Any updated version of this Privacy Policy will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy unless otherwise specified.
Your continued use of the Website or Services after the effective date of the revised Privacy Policy (or such other act specified at that time) will constitute your consent to those changes.
However, we will not, without your consent, use your Personal Information in a manner materially different than what was stated at the time your Personal Information was collected. Acceptance of this policy You acknowledge that you have read this Policy and agree to all its terms and conditions.
By using the Website or its Services you agree to be bound by this Policy.
If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Policy, you are not authorized to use or access the Website and its Services. Copyrighted content Copyrighted material must not be published via our Services without the explicit permission of the copyright owner or a person explicitly authorized to give such permission by the copyright owner.
Upon receipt of a claim for copyright infringements, or a notice of such violation, we will immediately run full investigation and, upon confirmation, will promptly remove the infringing material from the Services.
We may terminate the Service of Users with repeated copyright infringements.
Further procedures may be carried out if necessary.
We will assume no liability to any User of the Services for the removal of any such material.
If you believe your copyright is being infringed by a person or persons using our Services, please send a report of the copyright infringement to the contact details listed at the end of this Policy. Enforcement We reserve our right to be the sole arbiter in determining the seriousness of each infringement and to immediately take corrective actions, including but not limited to:

Disabling or removing any content which is prohibited by this Policy, including to prevent harm to others or to us or our Services, as determined by us in our sole discretion.
Reporting violations to law enforcement as determined by us in our sole discretion.
A failure to respond to an email from our abuse team within 2 days, or as otherwise specified in the communication to you, may result in the suspension or termination of your Services.

Nothing contained in this Policy shall be construed to limit our actions or remedies in any way with respect to any of the prohibited activities.
In addition, we reserve at all times all rights and remedies available to us with respect to such activities at law or in equity. Reporting violations If you have discovered and would like to report a violation of this Policy, please contact us immediately.
We will investigate the situation and provide you with full assistance. Changes and amendments We reserve the right to modify this Policy or its terms relating to the Website or Services at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of this Policy on the Website.
When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page.
Continued use of the Website after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.
 Acceptance of this policy You acknowledge that you have read this Policy and agree to all its terms and conditions.
By using the Website or its Services you agree to be bound by this Policy.
If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Policy, you are not authorized to use or access the Website and its Services. Contacting us If you would like to contact us to understand more about this Policy or wish to contact us concerning any matter relating to our use of cookies, you may do so via the contact form.
This document was last updated on June 21, 2020
