
         3P Learning Who We Help
Solutions
Support
About
Districts and School GroupsFind the solutions and support to achieve your goals
Schools and TeachersFind blended learning tools for mathematics and literacy
Parents and Home UsersFind mathematics and literacy programs to bring a love of learning home By SubjectMathematicsPrograms for early to secondary learners, covering everything from beginner’s numeracy to geometry, chance, and data.
LiteracyPrograms for early to secondary learners, covering everything from phonics, letters, and sounds, to etymology, orthography, and phonology. By SolutionMathleticsThe comprehensive mathematics program
MathseedsThe early learners introduction to the world of numeracy
Reading EggsThe early learners introduction to the world of literacy
ReadiwriterThe fun way to teach and learn how to spell
WordFlyersThe targeted literacy program for senior students
SpellodromeSpellodrome encourages independent learning and the development of critical spelling awareness
About 3PFind out more about who we are and what we stand for
World Maths DayThe World’s Largest Online Maths Competition is back!
CareersJoin the team at 3P Learning
AwardsFind our list of our recognised achievements
InvestorsFind our investor portal, latest news and how to invest
ContactGet in touch with your local 3P Learning team
Product SupportFind walkthroughs and guides for all of our programs
Technical SupportFind minimum computer requirements, supported browsers and more
Product PDF GuidesFind downloadable guides to our full range of programs
WebinarsFind weekly webinars on how to get the most out of our programs
WorkshopsJoin weekly professional development sessions
Classroom ResourcesFind a huge range of teacher-picked classroom resources
Curriculum AlignmentSee how our programs meet the requirements of your local curriculum
BlogFind our library of articles, resources and videos on education
FAQsYour most commonly asked questions, answered
Free Trial
Purchase
Sign In
3P LearningGet a quote
MathleticsGet a quote
ReadiwriterGet a quote
MathseedsGet a quote
Reading EggsGet a quote
WordFlyersGet a quote
3P LearningStart a trial
MathleticsStart a trial
ReadiwriterStart a trial
MathseedsStart a trial
Reading EggsStart a trial
WordFlyersStart a trial
MathleticsSign in
ReadiwriterSign in
MathseedsSign in
Reading EggsSign in
WordFlyersSign in
SpellodromeSign in Privacy Policy Last updated 20 April, 2021
English Español

We take the storage of our users’ data incredibly seriously and place the highest priority on ensuring its security.
Simon Martin – Chief Information Officer, 3P Learning

Read the Full Statement Data Privacy and Security FAQ’s
Download
About 3P Learning’s Privacy Policy
This webpage explains our privacy and security commitments in plain language.

3P Learning is a global e-learning resource company.
We produce and/or distribute a range of online resources and a network of websites including but not limited to those for the Mathletics, Spellodrome, Readiwriter, Reading Eggs, Mathseeds, Wordflyers, and World Maths Day / World Education Games branded resources and products.
Each product or resource, together with challenge websites for national and regional events which may use or integrate with some of the aforementioned websites (the Site) is owned and operated by 3P Learning Ltd (and/or our subsidiaries or licensors) (collectively, ‘3P Learning’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’).
References to the Site in this Privacy Policy includes all products and resources that we produce and /or distribute
3P Learning is committed to protecting the safety and security of our registered users, including students, teachers, school administrators and parents (collectively, Registrants) and we are sensitive to our Registrant’s concerns about the safety of the personal information provided to us.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully in order to understand how any personal information collected by us is used.
As a global company, our Privacy Policy has been developed in accordance with a range of legislation which applies to us.
In addition, we have developed our privacy framework to assist our customers that are schools, districts and education bodies to comply with privacy legislation and regulations applicable to them and the way they manage personal information.
Collectively, this legislation includes, without limitation:

The Australian Privacy Act 1988
The New Zealand Privacy Act 1993
The United Kingdom Data Protection Act 2018 (View 3P Learning’s ICO Registration Certificate)
The United States Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) and Rule
as administered by the Federal Trade Commission
The United States Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (“FERPA”)
The Alberta Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act
The Canadian Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”)
The Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (British Columbia) (“FIPPA”)
The Personal Information International Disclosure Protection Act (Nova Scotia) (“PIIDPA”)
The Municipal Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act, Ontario (“MFIPPA”)
The Student Online Personal Information Protection Act, California (“SOPIPA”)
With effect from 25 May 2018, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation 2016/679)(“GDPR”).



What personal information we collect

We collect two main types of information – personal information and anonymous information – and we may use personal and anonymous information to create aggregate information (which does not identify and cannot reasonably be used to identify an individual student).
We collect the following categories of personal information:

As a customer, prospective customer, or user of our Site, we may collect information such as your name, contact information including phone number and email address, school name, class year and country or state of residence or school
We may also collect details of other interactions that you have with us, together with any other information that you choose to provide us with, for example, through your interactions with our customer and technical support teams.
We do not however collect any unnecessary personal information from Registrants (for instance, information about religious beliefs).
It is impractical in most circumstances for you to remain anonymous, and we may not be able to interact with you, provide access to the Site, or answer your enquiry if we are not able to identify you or collect your personal information.
In the case of school/educational institution customers (School Customer), we seek consent from the School Customer to be provided with Registrant information for and on behalf of that student or teacher.
In the case of individual / home subscriptions (Home Customers) we seek consent from the Home Customer at the time of purchasing and registering the product to use the information collected.
Where the Home Customer is a student who is a minor, we ask that permission be sought by that student’s parent / legal guardian.
Registrants who do not give this consent (or do not have this consent provided on their behalf) cannot provide us with their personal information and cannot use the Site.
You can however withdraw your consent at any time.



What we will do with your information

The information collected from Registrants, customers or prospective customers may be used for the following purposes

to provide access to our products and services;
to manage prospective purchases, purchased subscriptions and payments including to provide quotes or offers for, and updates about, our products and services;
to send a confirmation notice to the Registrant of the registration.
to administer and manage accounts, including password resetting, responding to questions raised by Registrants, to contact the Registrant about any problems with the Registrant’s account or conduct on the Site;
to send out a 3P Learning newsletter or emails about the Site including information about current events, changes, improvements, upgrades, new product development and rules of the Site;
to publish the names of winners and high performers on the Site or in the 3P Learning newsletter and to provide results data for each Registrant or school class;
to send prizes or certificates for participation and performance on the Site;
for administrative, planning, product or service development, staff training, quality control and research purposes relating to our products and services;
for marketing purposes, but only where we have express or implied consent to contact someone or we are otherwise permitted by law to do so.
Registrants may also opt out at any time by following the specific opt out instructions within the communications that we send.


Hall of Fame leaderboards: 3P Learning strives to provide a highly engaging Site for students.
Given students have indicated their strong preference for their name to be shown publicly on our Sites in recognition of their achievements, we allow this – but we do not allow full names (i.e.
First Name and Surname) to be shown publicly.
In addition, all administrative user access to any Site permits the partial (to initials only) or full anonymising (by use of a pseudonym) of names, where preferred by the user.
If you have any questions about the Hall of Fame and managing the information that is disclosed, please contact us.
The Site does not provide students with any means to communicate directly with each other.
There are no chat rooms connected with the learning resources.
Access to, and use of customer feedback forums, such as 3P Learning Uservoice, is designed for use by parents, teachers and other contributors who are not legally minors.

What we will not do with your personal information

3P Learning will keep your personal information confidential and not sell or disclose your information to advertisers or any external third parties, unless:

we believe, in good faith, that we are required to share your information with a third party such as a regulator or court in order to comply with law, regulation, legal process, court order or subpoena;
to enforce our Terms &amp.
Conditions or the terms of the licence granted to access and use the Site;
the disclosure is to a third party that acts on our behalf, powers certain aspects of our Sites or processes data on our behalf, such as a distributor of our products and services, the licensor or owner of a product or resource that we distribute, or to a contracted service provider;
in connection with any transaction involving our companies or assets, where another party acquires ownership or operation of the Site, in which case that successor organization will be subject to the obligations in this Privacy Policy and any contractual representations we have entered into.
or
to protect the safety and security of our Registrants and our Site.
If third parties act on our behalf, we require them to hold, use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, applicable privacy obligations and our contractual obligations
Generally we will only use your information within 3P Learning, however, sometimes we provide data on results to government education departments, peak bodies managing or representing schools, or schools themselves, especially in the case of School Customers, who use the features of our products (such as performance reporting tools) for educational / teaching purposes.
We will require these third parties to comply strictly with our instructions, use the information only for legitimate educational interests and not for any commercial purposes
We do not sell data to advertisers (whether personal, anonymous or aggregated).
We do not use data to engage in targeted advertising to children and we do not create or build personal profiles of students other than for the purpose of supporting authorized educational/school purposes or as otherwise specifically authorized by a parent/student or school/educational institution customer.



How we collect and process your information

We may collect your personal information in a number of ways, including:

directly from you (unless it is unreasonable or impracticable to do so);
from our school / educational institution customers (e.g.
teachers or school administrators that purchase access to our Site for their students and teachers).
or
from third parties such as our distributors (resellers and sales agents).

In order to register for 3P Learning resources, students registering individually and not part of a school, must give their consent at the time of registration to provide us with their personal information such as their name, age and email address (or if they are under 13 years of age, or legally a minor in their relevant location, a parent or guardian must consent on their behalf).
Alternatively, parents registering on behalf of their child(ren), must give their consent at the time of registration to provide us with information about them and their child(ren).
Teachers or administrators registering for their class or school must give their consent at the time of registration to provide us with their own name, class name, school name and their email address, as well as the names of their students.
We also ask for Registrants’ consent to use any personal information collected in accordance with this Privacy Policy at the time of login to our Site.
If a Registrant does not wish to provide us with their consent, they cannot agree to the Site Terms and Conditions and must not use the Site.





How long we hold your information

We retain the personal information that we collect from and about our Registrants for as long as it is needed to provide access to the Site or to manage that Registrant’s account.
We take reasonable steps to delete the personal information we collect if your registration to use our Site lapses and you opt out of receiving further communications from us, or if you ask us to delete your information.
We may however retain and use personal information as necessary to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations, to resolve disputes and to enforce our agreements, and we may retain and use anonymous and aggregated information for performance reporting, benchmarking and analytic purposes and for product and service improvement.
Registrants can request that their personal information be deleted by contacting the 3P Learning Data Protection and Privacy Officer (contact us here).

Updating and accessing your personal information

Registrants have a right to request a copy of the personal information we hold about them, and Registrants can also update their personal information at any time, in each case by contacting 3P Learning.
If you wish to receive a copy of this information or to update or correct information held about you, please address your request to the Privacy and Data Protection Officer (contact us here).
We will endeavour to deal with your request promptly.

Keeping your personal information secure

3P Learning is committed to information security.
We will use all reasonable endeavours to keep the personal information we collect and use in a secure environment, and we have implemented appropriate technical, administrative and physical security measures that are designed to protect personal information from unauthorised access, disclosure, use and modification.
As part of our privacy compliance processes we review these security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods and engage independent third parties to review and audit aspects of our information security.
As part of a major project to evolve and future-proof our infrastructure, in August 2015 we began a major new partnership with Microsoft.
In addition to being able to offer a greater range of support for the latest mobile devices, our two flagship learning platforms – Mathletics and Spellodrome – were transitioned fully to Microsoft’s industry-leading Azure cloud platform.
This marked a new era of data capacity, storage and security for our data.
The Microsoft Azure platform delivers an enterprise-level cloud.
Microsoft’s industry-leading approaches to data security were central to our decision to relocate our key platforms within the environment.
All data is stored securely within an isolated network and database infrastructure.
It is not accessible to any other person or account within the public cloud.
Access is strictly limited to only specific elements of the 3P Learning resources.
Further information regarding data storage and security of the Microsoft Azure Cloud, including the latest update and compliance information, can be found at http://news.microsoft.com/security2015 and https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/trustcenter/security/azure-security.
We provide our personnel with training about data security and privacy, and we require all our employees and contractors to comply with this Privacy Policy and their obligations of confidentiality.
We will take appropriate actions to address breaches by employees and contractors of the obligations imposed by this Privacy Policy.

Data transfers, storage and processing globally

Registrants’ personal information is uploaded to and stored on servers that are maintained by third parties that comply with strict contractual privacy obligations.
These servers are located in the East US 2 region within Microsoft Azure (https://azure.microsoft.com/en-au/regions) and this location was chosen as it is one of the most advanced Azure regions.
As we operate globally, we may on occasion allow your personal information to be accessed in countries other than your own location.We may do this where data is accessed:

by companies within the 3P Group (i.e.
3P Learning Limited and its subsidiaries) for operational, administrative and compliance purposes;
by our sales, operational or global customer support teams (primarily, although not exclusively, located in Australia, the United Kingdom, the USA and Canada).
or
by one of our licensors (who owns, develops and hosts a particular product) or distributors (sales agents or resellers) who requires the information to set up, service or manage a customer account;
where a copy is sent to the Registrant itself at their request.


By consenting to the collection and use of their personal information, Registrants’ consent to their personal information being transferred and stored in this manner.
Registrants in Canada, please refer to our additional information about Canadian users.
In accordance with various Canadian provinces’ privacy legislations applicable to many of our school customers we do not store Canadian students’ personal identifiable information outside of Canada.
All the data pertaining to a student’s activity within the platform (non-identifiable data) is stored in the East US 2 region of Microsoft Azure.
Access to the data is restricted only to the users themselves – and then only via our own applications.
It is strictly inaccessible outside of the environment of a 3P Learning resource account and each user only has access to their own data (or in the case of a school’s administrator or IT technician, the data within the school’s wider account).
Registrants in the EU, please refer to our additional information about EU users.
In the APAC region, we may record, with your express consent, customer service calls for quality and staff training purposes.
If, with your consent, we record a customer service telephone call, that recording will be stored in data centres located in Australia and deleted when no longer required.

Anonymous or aggregated information

In addition to personal information and results data, 3P Learning also collects anonymous information about Registrants and the activities of Registrants on the Site.
Anonymous information is information that is not linked to the name or identity of a user.
This information is used for educational performance reporting and analytics and to assist us in enhancing the learning resources.
The information remains anonymous at all times.
3P Learning utilises third-party providers to power certain elements of the Company’s online marketing and advertising.
These service providers collect data about your activities that does not personally or directly identify you when you visit our website or the websites and online services where we display advertisements (i.e.
publishers).
This information may include the content you view, the date and time that you view this content, the products you purchase, or your location information associated with your IP address.
We use the information we and these third party service providers collect to serve you more relevant advertisements regarding 3P Learning resources (referred to as “retargeting”).
We collect information about where you saw the ads and what ads you clicked on.
This is data that does not personally or directly identify you.
When agreeing to the Term and Conditions, Registrants grant us the right to use this anonymous information for our own purposes, such as the preparation of statistical reports or to improve and change the content of our products.

Cookies

A cookie is a little piece of information handed to a web browser from a web server that contains information that can be retrieved from the server later.
When you visit the Site the server may attach a cookie to your computer’s memory.
3P Learning uses cookies only to the limited extent to recognise the Registrant when they visit the Site and pairing that Registrant with the account (and account preferences) that the Registrant created.
We use cookies to better display our website, to save you time, to provide better technical support and to track website usage.
For example, cookies help us to:

Keep track of whether you are signed in or have previously signed in so that we can display all the features that are available to you;
Remember your settings on the pages you visit, so that we can display your preferred content the next time you visit;
Customise the function and appearance of the pages you visit based on information relating to your account.
for example, in order to default you to a particular grade level, or to remember customised settings for a report.


To obtain further information about our use of cookies on our websites and within our products, please refer to our Cookies page.

Revision of Privacy Policy

3P Learning reserves the right to change, modify, or revise this Privacy Policy in order to comply with any applicable laws, to reflect changes in our processes or for any other reason at any time.
Material changes in our Privacy Policy will be communicated to Registered Users and customers, but we also encourage our Registrants to check the Privacy Policy periodically to read about any changes, modifications, or revisions.
Registrants may wish to check it each time they submit personal information.
You will be deemed to have consented to such variation by your continued use of the Site following any changes being made.

Contact Us

All requests to access, update and delete personal information as well as questions and concerns about your personal information and this Privacy Policy should be directed to the 3P Learning Data Protection and Privacy Officer here or Privacy Officer, 3P Learning, Level 18, 124 Walker St , North Sydney NSW 2060 AUSTRALIA.
We will endeavor to respond to your query as quickly as possible.
If you are not satisfied with the response you receive, you may have the right to contact the regulator responsible for privacy in your home country.

More privacy information

For more information on privacy legislation and guidelines in your local jurisdiction please contact your relevant local authorities.

Australia: privacy.gov.au
Canada: priv.gc.ca/en
European Union: ec.europa.eu/justice_home/fsj/privacy
India: mit.gov.in/default.aspx
New Zealand: privacy.org.nz
Singapore: mica.gov.sg
United Kingdom: ico.org.uk
USA: ftc.gov



Special information for users across Canada

3P Learning is committed to providing access to our resources through an environment that is compliant with all national and provincial privacy requirements applicable to us, and those requirements that apply to our School Customers across Canada.
This Privacy Policy has been developed with the standards required to be compliant with the Alberta Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act, the Canadian Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA), the Personal Information International Disclosure Protection Act (Nova Scotia) (“PIIDPA”), the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (British Columbia) (“FIPPA”) and the Municipal Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act, Ontario (“MFIPPA”).
We sometimes transfer school information to others, including to affiliated entities or unrelated companies (“service providers”), that carry out certain functions on our behalf such as order fulfillment, accounts receivable and data processing.
Student names or other personally identifiable information, however, remains in Canada.
In those cases where we do need to use the services of a third party, we require them not to use or disclose the information for any purpose other than as directed by 3P Learning.
We take all reasonable contractual or other measures to protect your personal information while processed or handled by these service providers.
If the information is located outside Canada it will be subject to legal requirements in those foreign countries applicable to our service providers, however the information they have will not be personal in nature.

Special Information for users in the European Union

3P Learning welcomes the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) as an essential set of regulations to affirm our commitment to data protection across the European Union.
We are committed to ensuring:

Personal data is processed fairly, lawfully and in a transparent manner
Personal data is collected and processed only for specified and lawful purposes
Processed data is adequate, relevant and not excessive
Processed data is accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date
Personal data is not kept longer than necessary
Personal data is processed in accordance with an individual’s rights
Personal data is kept secure
Personal data is not transferred to countries outside of the EU without adequate protection


The information below should be read in addition to our Privacy Policy, and outlines specific information relevant to certain aspects of our GDPR compliance.
3P Learning Ltd is registered with the Independent Commissioners Office, registration reference no: Z2188515.
A copy of this certificate can be downloaded here.
3P Learning Ltd is a company registered in England and Wales with company registration no.
05919214 and is a trading company within the 3P Learning Group (https://www.3plearning.com).
Lawfulness of processing: 3P Learning collects personal information in a number of contexts and for a number of purposes.
Please refer to the “What personal information we collect”, “What we will do with your information” and “How we collect and process your information” sections of the Privacy Policy.
Our processing activities are based either on consent or legitimate interests pursued by 3P Learning and our school and district customers in delivering learning resources for use by schools, teachers, parents and students which are designed to improve learning outcomes and inspire a love of learning.
Is personal information transferred outside of the European Union? Yes, personal information in relation to Registered Users and customers located in the EU may be transferred outside of the EU in 2 main situations:

User data is uploaded to and stored on our servers located in the USA which are maintained by Microsoft Azure.
These servers are located in the East US 2 region within Microsoft Azure (https://azure.microsoft.com/en-au/regions) and this location was chosen as it is one of the most advanced Azure regions.
Microsoft has extensive expertise in protecting data, championing privacy, and complying with complex regulations, and currently complies with both the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield and EU Model Clauses, thereby helping to support 3P Learning’s compliance with the requirements of the GDPR.
Additional information about Microsoft’s compliance with the EU GDPR is available at https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/TrustCenter/Privacy/gdpr/default.aspx.
In most instances, personal data about our EU based customers is collected, accessed and managed by our sales, operational and customer support teams in the United Kingdom.
Very occasionally however, such information may be shared with our employees in one of ours offices outside of the UK e.g.
to respond to an urgent customer support query outside of normal hours or for internal reporting processes.
Our main offices outside of the EU are located in Calgary, Canada and Sydney, Australia.
To ensure appropriate safeguards exist in relation to such transfers, 3P Learning has implemented standard contractual clauses to cover the transfer of data relevant to EU registrants to other companies within the 3P Group that are not located in the EU.


Additionally, please refer to information about our Hall of Fame.
Specific information in relation to Reading Eggs and Mathseeds: Reading Eggs and Mathseeds are distributed in the EU by 3P Learning in partnership with Blake eLearning, the owners and operators of the Reading Eggs and Mathseeds sites (and a company incorporated in Australia).
We have arrangements in place to document our respective obligations in relation to personal information collected and used about Registered Users and to ensure appropriate safeguards exist in relation to the transfer of personal information by 3P Learning outside of the EU to Blake eLearning.
For further information, please contact the 3P Learning Data Protection and Privacy Officer.

Skip to
Data Privacy and Security FAQ’s
About 3P Learning’s Privacy Policy
What personal information we collect
What we will do with your information
What we will not do with your personal information
How we collect and process your information
How long we hold your information
Updating and accessing your personal information
Keeping your personal information secure
Data transfers, storage and processing globally
Anonymous or aggregated information
Cookies
Revision of Privacy Policy
Contact Us
More privacy information
Special information for users across Canada
Special Information for users in the European Union Blended teaching
software powered
by human support.
©2020–2021 3P Learning.All rights reserved.
Who We Help

Districts
Schools
Home Users


Subjects

Mathematics
Literacy


Software

Mathletics
Mathseeds
Reading Eggs
Readiwriter
WordFlyers


Company

About 3P
World Maths Day
Careers
Awards
Case Studies
Investors
Contact
Partner Portal


Support

Product Support
Technical Support
Product PDF Guides
Webinars
Workshops
Classroom Resources
Curriculum Alignment
Blog
FAQs


Terms &amp.
Conditions
Privacy Policy Follow us 
 Facebook
 Instagram
 LinkedIn
 Twitter
 YouTube


Free Trial
Purchase
Sign in

Mathletics
Mathseeds
Readiwriter
Reading Eggs
Wordflyers
Spellodrome




For Educators

Districts
Schools
Home Users


Subjects

Mathematics
Literacy


Solutions

Mathletics
Mathseeds
Readiwriter
Reading Eggs
WordFlyers
Spellodrome


Company

About 3P
World Maths Day
Careers
Awards
Investors


Support

Product Support
Technical Support
Product PDF Guides
Webinars
Workshops
Classroom Resources
Curriculum Alignment
Blog
FAQs


 We use cookies to continually improve your experience on the site.Cookies &amp.
Privacy PolicyAcceptManage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website.
Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities...
Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly.
This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website.
These cookies do not store any personal information. Non Necessary non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies.
It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. Save &amp.
Accept 
      