
        
Last updated August 8, 2020
Welcome to 420A3.com (the "Site"), provided by Rambo Ventures LLC., and its affiliates, subsidiaries, parent company and other related companies ("Us", "We", or "420A3").
This 420A3.com Privacy Policy ("Policy") describes the information we gather from you when you use the Site, mobile applications, and related services (together, the "Services") and how we use, process, and disclose that information.
We may add to this Policy with other notices.
We may also post additional privacy statements for some portions of the Services.
By submitting personal information through our Services, you expressly consent to the transfer of your personal data to our servers in the U.S.
for our collection, use, and disclosure in accordance with this Policy.
Information We Collect
When you create an account and use our Services, we collect the following types of information from you.
ANY potentially sensitive data is either not stored on our servers, database, or is encrypted

User Name: This should be a fun name you can recall - We Recommend you DO NOT use your email address as your User Name.
Email Address, Stored Encrypted.
Never shown onscreen, or shared, unless you otherwise allow it.
Passwords are NEVER sent in emails or displayed onscreen.
Passwords ARE stored in our database, encrypted via a 1-way salted hash.
We will NEVER store Credit Card data on our servers or database.
Any other information, such as ratings, reviews, content, and bio, you provide us.

How 420A3 Uses Your Information
420A3 generally uses your information to:

Facilitate the creation of and secure your account on the Services;
Identify you as a user in our system;
Provide and improve the Services;
Communicate with you about your use of the Services;
Develop new products and services,
Protect, investigate, and prevent potentially fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activities;
Protect our rights and the rights of other users.
and
As otherwise described in this Privacy Policy or in notices we provided to you.

How 420A3 Discloses Your Information
We may share your information as follows:

We DON'T share your data.
We WILL NOT disclose your information even if we believe we are required to do so by law, or to comply with a court order, judicial or other government subpoena, or warrant.
We will fight it because nothing we have is relevant to anything but your login.
We don't track what you search or when you search.
The ONLY event that would cause us to pass user data to another entity is if 420A3 is acquired by or merged with another company or involved in any other business deal involving sale or transfer of all or part of our business or assets, we may transfer or assign your information as part of or in connection with the transaction.
In the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, information may be transferred as a business asset.
Finally - all Users will be notified via email no less than 30 days before event, allowing them an opportunity to delete their accounts and User Content before the transaction occurs.


Third Party Advertisers
We DO NOT permit advertisements to be delivered to you by third party Internet advertising companies (also called ad networks or network advertisers).

Security
420A3 takes EXTRA steps and encrypts anything potentially sensitive in our database and any other commercially reasonable steps to help protect your Information against loss, misuse and unauthorized access, or disclosure.
For more details Data Security No company can fully prevent security risks, however.
While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
To help protect yourself and your information, choose a unique password for our Services and do not use a password on our Services that you would use on any other website or online service.
Dispute Resolution
If you believe that 420A3 has not adhered to this Statement, please contact 420A3 by e-mail at support@420a3.com.
We will do our best to address your concerns.
If you feel that your complaint has been addressed incompletely, we invite you to let us know for further investigation.
Information Choices
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from 420A3 by following the instructions in those emails or by reviewing the settings in your account.
If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations.
You may also send requests about your personal information, including changes to your contact preferences, changes to or deletions of your information or content you post, and requests to opt-out of sharing your personal information with third parties by emailing support@420A3.com.
Please note that deletion of your information or content does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information posted on the Services.
You may have the right to know what personal information 420A3 has about you and to correct any inaccuracies.
Please direct any such requests by email to support@420a3.com or by one of the other means listed below.
Changes and Updates to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may revise the Policy.
To help guests we note the date the Privacy Policy was last updated above.
Registered Users are notified via email and web interface when material changes are made.
420A3 Contact Information
Please contact 420A3 with any questions or comments about this Policy, your information, our third-party disclosure practices, or your consent choices.

re: 420A3.com
Attention Privacy 
6815 147TH Ave S.E.
Snohomish WA 98290-9013
Email: support@420A3.com

