
         Home » Standard Terms &amp.
Conditions of sale Payment Terms: 
We accept Visa, MasterCard, and AMEX.
Net 30 credit terms may be available to qualified customers upon request.

Cancellation Policy: 
We strive to offer our customers maximum flexibility.
Orders may be cancelled by customers if they have not entered production.
A fee of 20% of the value of the order will apply.
We also will accommodate cancellation of orders that are in production, and the customer will be charged a cancellation fee determined by the value of the order times the percentage of work completed at the time of cancellation.

Taxes: 
Unless specified, all applicable taxes are extra

Warranty: 
We warrant that our systems (excluding custom units) will be free from defects in parts and workmanship for a one year period from the day the unit is shipped.
Should a system fail due to defective parts or workmanship, the customer may opt to a) return system to 45 Drives, in which case it will be repaired or replaced and shipped back to customer at 45 Drives' expense.
or b) receive replacements for defective parts, in which case the customer will remove defective parts from the system, (at 45 Drives option) ship defective parts to 45 Drives at 45 Drives' expense, and install replacement parts.
Should you choose Option b), you will use the 45 Drives RMA Process below.

Warranty on custom units: 
For custom system configurations that have been specified by customer (ie that have not been engineered by 45 Drives), we warrant against defects in workmanship and parts that are specified by 45 Drives, for period of 1 year, or the part manufacturers' warranty, whichever is greater.
Customers also have the option to purchase the extended 3 Year warranty, which covers the same items as previously mentioned.
After assembly, 45 Drives will competently test to basic system functionality in advance of packaging and shipping.
As we have not designed these systems, 45 Drives cannot warrant that they will be suitable for customer's intended purpose.

Support: 
Call us anytime.
We are here to help ensure your success.
We offer telephone or email support Monday through Friday 9:00AM AST - 6:00PM AST.
We warrant that our systems (excluding custom systems) will be free from faulty parts and workmanship for a one year period from the day the unit is shipped.
Hardware support is provided at no charge to the Customer.
At the end of the warranty period, hardware problem diagnosis remains free, but charges will apply for replacement components.
For other issues we provide up to one hour of free support per purchase at the time you are provisioning your 45 Drives system on your network.
Additional support services are available for purchase during installation and ongoing operation.


45 Drives provide hourly support and have a flexible pay-as-you-go offering.
To help your company get on its way we are here to answer any questions or assistance you may need.

RMA Process: 
Once it is determined that a part is defective, we will send you the new part along with the shipping labels to return the defective part.
Place the defective part in the box that the new part arrives in and place the supplied RMA shipping label and call the shipping company designated by 45 drives for pick up.

Lead Time: 
Refers to time of production, starting from receipt of order to when the unit is shipped.

Design Changes: 
Customer-specified changes made after price quotation or order may result in change of pricing.

Entire Agreement: 
Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by both parties, these Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the purchase of 45 Drives systems and shall prevail notwithstanding any different, conflicting, or additional terms which may appear in any purchase order or other document submitted by the customer.

Disputes: 
In the event of a dispute the laws of Nova Scotia, Canada apply.
Any litigation shall take place in that jurisdiction.
 Data Loss: 
Under any circumstances 45Drives or its employees are not responsible for any loss of Data.

Resellers: 
Support cannot be transferred without the written consent of 45Drives.
If you wish to resell to an end customer you must identify the end customer and if applicable the bid package to qualify to transfer support to the end customer.
 Conditions:

These Terms and Conditions are subject to change at any time.
Terms and conditions on the website at the time of receipt of your order govern your sale, unless otherwise agreed upon in writing

