
THE SHORT AND SWEET

 Every single word you write on 4theWords is yours.
Forever.

 We do not sell any information to anyone.

 Any information we do collect is for statistical purposes and to provide you with a better experience.

 Last Updated: May 23, 2018 PERSONAL INFORMATION We collect any personal information that you share with us: name, email, favorite color, favorite monster.
Also any payment options you have chosen: credit card, billing address, PayPal information.
When you contact us via email or other communication we may keep this information to improve our services.
None of this information will ever be sold to third parties for any reason.
Any information disclosed will only be done so if required by law.
SECURITY AND PRIVACY OF YOUR INFORMATION 4thewords is committed to the privacy and security of your user content.
we use a secure connection when you use the site.
Although we take measures to ensure the privacy and security of your User Content, we cannot guarantee its absolute privacy and security, as no privacy or security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
We cannot control the actions of other users whom you have shared any personal or account information with, and therefore we do not guarantee that unauthorized individuals will not obtain access to your private user content or personal information.
We are also not responsible for any circumvention of our privacy or security systems.
Users are encouraged to change their password regularly and make sure to log off shared computers.
Further more, we recognize that User Data is private and confidential.
Thus, any unauthorized reading or sharing of User Data or Entries is forbidden by 4thewords and its employees.
Doing so would violate not only this Privacy Policy but also what we stand for as a company.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION Information we collect is used to provide our service or to communicate with you about your use of 4thewords.
If you provide information for a certain reason, we may use the information in connection with the reason for which it was provided.
For instance, if you contact us by email, we will use the information you provide to answer your question or resolve your problem.
We use cookies, local storage and log files to keep track of who you are on the site and allow you to more easily navigate the platform and use our service.
We also use analytics tools, like Google Analytics.
If you’d like your 4thewords account and its data deleted you can email us developer@4thewords.com with the subject “Account and Data Deletion”, for your protection we might take steps to verify your identity.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice.
Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any information.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above.
Your continued use of the Services after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.

      