
        We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
If you agree to our use of cookies, please continue to use our site.
For more information, see our privacy policy.Continue 
Sign In


A Cloud Guru
Blog
Resources
Forum
Careers
 Close 
Browse Learning
For Business
For Individuals
Learn by Doing
Pricing
 Close 
Get Started


 BackBrowse Learning CoursesBuild your modern tech skills with our comprehensive course library

 Hands-on LabsGet your hands cloudy and build skills on demand with 1,500+ guided labs

 Learning PathsGo from novice to guru in your chosen specialty

Browse All Learning >




 BackBrowse Platforms AWSLearn from an AWS Advanced Consulting Partner

 AzureLearn Azure from our Microsoft MVP-led team

 GCPPrep for in-demand certs or go deep into advanced topics

 LinuxLevel up with 1,400+ hours of Linux learning

Browse AllSAVE 20%!

Hands-on Labs Top Hands-on LabsFind our most popular Hands-on Labs

 By PlatformFind labs filtered by your preferred platform

 By SpecialtyFind labs focused on security, data, and other specialties

Browse AllSAVE 20%!


 AWS DeveloperTake your dev skills from novice to guru

 AWS ArchitectGo from novice to guru as a cloud architect

 AWS DataBecome a guru in all things data

 AWS DevOpsLearn the time warping skills a DevOps guru needs

 AWS SecurityBecome a master of defense and secure your cloud

 AWS ExecutiveBuild your cloud foundation to better define strategies and priorities

Browse AllSAVE 20%!


Sign In
 Close 
Get Started
 ACG PoliciesCode of Conduct Policies 
 Privacy Policy
 Code of Conduct
 Terms of Use
 Platform Sub-processors
 Platform and Operational Security
 Technical and Organisational Measures (TOM)
 A Cloud Guru Hands-On Feature Terms
 Master Services Agreement
 Data Processing Addendum
Code of ConductThis code of conduct outlines our expectations for participants within the ACLOUD.GURU community, as well as steps to reporting unacceptable behavior.
We are committed to providing a welcoming and inspiring community for all and expect our code of conduct to be honored.
Anyone who violates this code of conduct may be banned from the community.
Our online community strives to:

Be friendly and patient.
Be welcoming: We strive to be a community that welcomes and supports people of all backgrounds and identities.
This includes, but is not limited to members of any race, ethnicity, culture, national origin, colour, immigration status, social and economic class, educational level, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, size, family status, political belief, religion, and mental and physical ability.
Be considerate: Your work will be used by other people, and you in turn will depend on the work of others.
Any decision you take will affect users and colleagues, and you should take those consequences into account when making decisions.
Remember that we’re a world­wide community, so you might not be communicating in someone else’s primary language.
Be respectful: Not all of us will agree all the time, but disagreement is no excuse for poor behavior and poor manners.
We might all experience some frustration now and then, but we cannot allow that frustration to turn into a personal attack.
It’s important to remember that a community where people feel uncomfortable or threatened is not a productive one.
Be careful in the words that we choose: we are a community of professionals, and we conduct ourselves professionally.
Be kind to others.
Do not insult or put down other participants.
Harassment and other exclusionary behavior aren’t acceptable.
Try to understand why we disagree: Disagreements, both social and technical, happen all the time.
It is important that we resolve disagreements and differing views constructively.
Remember that we’re different.
The strength of our community comes from its diversity, people from a wide range of backgrounds.
Different people have different perspectives on issues.
Being unable to understand why someone holds a viewpoint doesn’t mean that they’re wrong.
Don’t forget that it is human to err and blaming each other doesn’t get us anywhere.
Instead, focus on helping to resolve issues and learning from mistakes.
DefinitionsHarassment includes, but is not limited to:

Offensive comments related to gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, mental illness, neuro(a)typicality, physical appearance, body size, race, age, regional discrimination, political or religious affiliation
Unwelcome comments regarding a person’s lifestyle choices and practices, including those related to food, health, parenting, drugs, and employment
Deliberate misgendering.
This includes deadnaming or persistently using a pronoun that does not correctly reflect a person’s gender identity.
You must address people by the name they give you when not addressing them by their username or handle
Physical contact and simulated physical contact (eg, textual descriptions like “hug” or “backrub”) without consent or after a request to stop
Threats of violence, both physical and psychological
Incitement of violence towards any individual, including encouraging a person to commit suicide or to engage in self­harm
Deliberate intimidation
Stalking or following
Harassing photography or recording, including logging online activity for harassment purposes
Sustained disruption of discussion
Unwelcome sexual attention, including gratuitous or off­topic sexual images or behaviour
Pattern of inappropriate social contact, such as requesting/assuming inappropriate levels of intimacy with others
Continued one­on­one communication after requests to cease
Deliberate “outing” of any aspect of a person’s identity without their consent except as necessary to protect others from intentional abuse
Publication of non­harassing private communication

Our open source community prioritizes marginalized people’s safety over privileged people’s comfort.
We will not act on complaints regarding:

‘Reverse’ ­isms, including ‘reverse racism,’ ‘reverse sexism,’ and ‘cisphobia’
Reasonable communication of boundaries, such as “leave me alone,” “go away,” or “I’m not discussing this with you”
Refusal to explain or debate social justice concepts
Communicating in a ‘tone’ you don’t find congenial
Criticizing racist, sexist, cissexist, or otherwise oppressive behavior or assumptions
Diversity StatementWe encourage everyone to participate and are committed to building a community for all.
Although we will fail at times, we seek to treat everyone both as fairly and equally as possible.
Whenever a participant has made a mistake, we expect them to take responsibility for it.
If someone has been harmed or offended, it is our responsibility to listen carefully and respectfully, and do our best to right the wrong.
Although this list cannot be exhaustive, we explicitly honor diversity in age, gender, gender identity or expression, culture, ethnicity, language, national origin, political beliefs, profession, race, religion, sexual orientation, socioeconomic status, and technical ability.
We will not tolerate discrimination based on any of the protected characteristics above, including participants with disabilities.Reporting IssuesIf you experience or witness unacceptable behavior—or have any other concerns—please report it by contacting us via abuse@acloud.guru.
All reports will be handled with discretion.
In your report please include:

Your contact information.
Names (real, nicknames, or pseudonyms) of any individuals involved.
If there are additional witnesses, please include them as well.
Your account of what occurred, and if you believe the incident is ongoing.
If there is a publicly available record (e.g.
a mailing list archive or a public IRC logger), please include a link.
Any additional information that may be helpful.

After filing a report, a representative will contact you personally, review the incident, follow up with any additional questions, and make a decision as to how to respond.
If the person who is harassing you is part of the response team, they will recuse themselves from handling your incident.
If the complaint originates from a member of the response team, it will be handled by a different member of the response team.
We will respect confidentiality requests for the purpose of protecting victims of abuse.

Learning
For Business
For Individuals
Hands-on Labs


Resources
Blog
Webinars
Case Studies
eBooks
Forum


About Us
Contact Us
Careers
ACG News
Support
 facebook twitter linkedin instagram youtube RSS © 2021 Serverless Heroes, Inc.
Code of Conduct
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use

