
        Updated and effective as of September 13th, 2017 These "Payment Terms" govern your enrollment in a for-pay "Subscription Account" with the Platform.
These Payment Terms are Additional Terms pursuant to ABCya's Terms of Use.
All capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in these Payment Terms have the meaning ascribed to them in the Terms of Use.
How these Payment Terms apply to you will depend on whether you enroll in a Subscription Account through our www.ABCya.com website ("Website") or our ABCya! iOS mobile app or ABCya! Android mobile app (either an "App"). I.
App Subscribers We may offer different tiers or types of Subscription Account.
The types of available Subscription Account and the fees for and benefits of each type will be as described on the Platform.
If you create a Subscription Account through an App, your subscription fees will be billed as an in-app purchase to your account with the third-party app store or other distributor through which you acquired our App ("App Store") (e.g., Apple or Google) and your billing relationship will be with that App Store.
Some types of Subscription Account that we offer may renew automatically at the conclusion of each subscription period (e.g., a month), as described on the Platform.
If you elect such a plan, your Subscription Account will automatically renew each subscription period and you will be charged for a new period, unless and until you turn off automatic renewal of your subscription using the procedures established by the applicable App Store.
(For information about discontinuing a subscription in an iOS app, please see: Manage iTunes App Store Subscriptions.
For information about discontinuing a subscription in an Android app downloaded through Google Play, please see: Manage Google Play Subscriptions).
or information about discontinuing a subscription in an Amazon app downloaded through Amazon App Store, please see: Manage Amazon Appstore Subscriptions).
You can access your account settings with the applicable App Store through the "Membership Status -&gt.
Manage" feature in the App's Parents &amp.
Teachers section.
You can disable automatic renewal at any time.
To avoid being charged, you must disable automatic renewal by the deadline set out by the applicable App Store.
Fees for your Subscription Account are prepaid and no refunds will be provided unless otherwise offered by ABCya in its sole discretion or required by the terms of the applicable App Store. II.
Website Subscribers 
Key Points
 Please review our Payment Terms in their entirety, as they contain important information about your Subscription Account, but here are some key points to know:

- Some types of Subscription Account that we offer may renew automatically.
If you elect such a plan, then, once you subscribe, your Subscription Account will renew automatically on a periodic basis (e.g., month-to-month for our monthly plan) and you will be billed each subscription period unless and until you cancel your Subscription Account or we terminate your use of the Platform pursuant to our Terms of Use.
You may cancel your subscription at any time by navigating to the "Manage Your Account" page on the Platform.
- In order to avoid being charged fees for the next billing cycle, you must cancel your Subscription Account prior to 12:00 a.m.
Eastern Time on the last day of your current billing cycle.
- All fees for Subscription Accounts are prepaid and non-refundable.
You may cancel your Subscription Account or terminate your use of the Platform entirely at any time, but you will not receive a refund or credit for any fees previously paid.
- Upon cancellation, you will retain access to your Subscription Account for the remainder of the subscription period for which you previously paid.


Enrollment &amp.
Account Type
 We may offer different tiers or types of Subscription Account.
The types of available Subscription Account and the fees for and benefits of each type will be as described on the Platform.
Unless otherwise expressly stated on the Platform, all fees are listed in, and will be charged in, United States Dollars.
Some of types of Subscription Accounts that we offer will expire at the conclusion of the original subscription period, unless affirmatively renewed by the subscriber.
Other types of Subscription Account, like our monthly subscription, will renew automatically at the conclusion of each subscription period.
If you elect such a plan, then, once you subscribe, your Subscription Account will renew automatically on a periodic basis (e.g., month-to-month for our monthly plan) and you will be billed each subscription period unless and until you cancel your Subscription Account or we terminate your use of the Platform pursuant to our Terms of Use.
You may cancel your subscription at any time by navigating to the "Manage Your Account" page on the Platform and following the on-screen links and instructions to cancel, as described below.
You will not be able to change the type/tier of your Subscription Account once subscribed.
If you later wish to subscribe to a Subscription Account of a different type or tier, you will need to cancel your current Subscription Account and begin a new one.
Billing for Accounts Created Directly with ABCya
You will be required to provide valid payment card information as part of your creation of a Subscription Account.
(ABCya may limit the type of payment cards accepted as described during the checkout process or otherwise on the Platform.) The fees for your Subscription Account (plus any applicable taxes) will be billed to the payment card you provide when you initially subscribe or shortly thereafter.
If you have selected an auto-renewing plan, then your Subscription Account will automatically renew each subscription period and ABCya will bill the payment card then associated with your Subscription Account on the calendar day corresponding to the commencement of your Subscription Account, unless and until you cancel.
For example, if you sign up for a monthly Subscription Account on January 1, your date of first renewal would be February 1.
In the event you sign up for a monthly Subscription Account on a calendar day not contained in any subsequent month, your account will renew (and your payment card will be billed) on the last day of such month.
For example, if you were to create a monthly Subscription Account on March 31, your account would next be billed on April 30.
It is your responsibility to keep your billing and contact information up-to-date.
You may change the payment card associated with your account at any time by visiting the Manage Your Account page on the Platform.
If your payment card is declined during the renewal process or we are otherwise unable to process a transaction using your payment card, we will terminate your Subscription Account following the conclusion of the last period for which you completed payment.
If you want to resume use of the subscriber features of the Platform, you will need to enroll in a new Subscription Account.
You shall be solely responsible for all internet connection and other costs that you incur accessing and using the Platform.

Cancelling Your Subscription Account
 As described above, if you elect a one of our auto-renewal subscription plans, then your Subscription Account will automatically renew and be billed each subscription period (e.g., month) unless and until you cancel your Subscription Account or we terminate your use of the Platform pursuant to our Terms of Use.
In order to avoid being charged for the next billing cycle, you must cancel your Subscription Account prior to 12:00 a.m.
Eastern Time on the last day of your current billing cycle.
To cancel your Subscription Account, navigate to the "Manage Your Account" page on the Platform, select the "Cancel my subscription" or similar button, and follow all on-screen instructions and links to complete the cancellation process.
All fees for Subscription Accounts are prepaid and non-refundable.
You may cancel your Subscription Account at any time, but you will not receive a refund or credit for any fees previously paid.
Upon cancellation, you will immediately lose access to your Subscription Account.

Consent to Receipt of Electronic Records
 Following your enrollment in a Subscription Account, an email will be sent to the email address your provide during the check-out process confirming your account type and, if you have elected an account type that renews automatically, your authorization for ABCya to bill the subscription fee to your payment card each billing cycle.
We may send additional emails regarding your account during your subscription.
The confirmation email and other notices about your account may only be sent via email in electronic form.
By signing up for a Subscription Account, you consent to receiving notices regarding your Subscription Account electronically.
If you do not consent to the receipt of electronic records regarding your Subscription Account, please do not subscribe to the Platform. III.
All Subscribers: Changes to the Fees or to these Payment Terms ABCya may modify these Payment Terms or change the fees (or add additional fees) at any time.
You agree that we may notify you of the updated Payment Terms by posting them on the Platform so that they are accessible via a link on the home page.
The updated Payment Terms will be effective on the date posted unless otherwise specified and your use of the Platform after we have posted the updated terms (or engaging in such other conduct as we may reasonably specify) constitutes your agreement to the updated Payment Terms.
For App users, fee changes may also be communicated by the applicable App Store.
For users with an active Subscription Account at the time of a change and for whom we have a current email address, we may also communicate changes to the Payment Terms through other means, including emailing you at the address associated with your Subscription Account.
The new fees and/or Payment Terms will go into effect upon your next renewal following posting of the updated Payment Terms unless another time period is specified.
