
         General  Bits&Coffee SRL, str.
Spania, bl.
P6-3 Craiova, Romania, zip.
200726 ("Bits&Coffee"), email address contact@bitscoffee.com ("Email Address"), process your personal data when you use our apps (“Apps”) or website (“Website” and, together with the Apps, “Products”).

 In this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) we want to provide you with information about us, the nature, scope and purposes of the data collection and use, giving you insights into the processing of your personal data.


Controller. The controller of data processing is Bits&Coffee.
You can contact us via email under the Email Address.


Data Protection Officer. Our data protection officer can be contacted at the Email Address.
 Data Collection 
General. Bits&Coffee processes personal data that you as a user of the Products make available to us, for example by using our Products, and that others provide to us (“Data”).


Data gathered from your device. Our Apps use the motion sensors in your mobile device, or native apps like Apple Health and Google Fit to read fitness data such as steps, active time, floors climbed.


Data provided by you. You can fill your personal profile with data such as Gender, Weight, Height, Step Length, Age that we will use to calculate statistics like distance traveled, and calories burned from the steps you take.


Data shared. When you create an account in our Apps you have the option to share some of this data with other users that you select.
So some of the data collected above will be sent to our servers so that it can be shared with the users that you select.
 Import Activity Data 
Apple HealthKit. We use Apple’s (Apple Inc., 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014, USA.
“Apple”) HealthKit (for more information see here) framework, which provides a central repository for health and fitness data on iPhone and Apple Watch and – with the user’s explicit consent – lets Apps communicate with the HealthKit store to access and share this data.
We process the following Data, obtained through the HealthKit framework and the Apple Core Motion processor (for more information see here), for the purposes described below and with explicit consent by the user: steps, calories, distance, duration, and heart rate.
New data attributes may be added to the HealthKit framework, which will be portrayed in the Product and which you have to consent to.
You can always stop our Apps from accessing your data by changing the settings of your mobile device.


Google Fit.
We use Google’s Fit SDK (for more information see here) which is an open platform that lets users control their fitness data.
We process the following Data, obtained through the Google Fit SDK, for the purposes described below and with explicit consent by the user: steps, calories, distance, duration, and heart rate.
New data attributes may be added to the Google Fit framework, which will be portrayed in the Product and which you have to consent to.
 Services Used 
Google Analytics This Website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service from Google.
Google Analytics uses cookies.
We use Google Analytics to analyze and constantly improve the use of our Products.
The Products use Google Analytics in conjunction with the option “_anonymizeIP()”.
This means, IP addresses are processed in a shortened form in order to prevent transmission of any personal data.
The basis for the processing of Data are our legitimate interests.


Google Analytics for Mobile For Apps on iOS and Android we use Google Analytics for Mobile (for more information see here).
User data is transmitted in an anonymized form to Google.
Our Apps use identification for mobile devices, including the Google Advertising ID (“GAID”) and the ID for Advertising for iOS (“IDFA”), as well as technologies similar to cookies for the use execution of the Analytics for mobile service.

 We use Google Analytics to analyze and constantly improve the use of our Products.
Through the statistics we are able to improve our services and make them more interesting for users.
In those special cases in which personal data is transmitted to the USA, Google is certified via EU-US privacy shield.
The basis for the processing of Data are our legitimate interests.
 Data from Others 
Facebook login. If you create an account with Facebook (Facebook Inc., 1601 South California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA, “Facebook”), we will receive the following information: First and last name, email address, gender, birthdate, profile picture.


Facebook friends. We will receive information about your friends on Facebook if you explicitly allow us to access it.
We will use this information to make friend suggestions in the Products, but do not store it.
 Support Emails  When you contact us we get some personally identifiable information from you like your name, your email and the contents of your message.
We will never disclose those informations to a third party for commercial gains.
 Newsletter  The e-mail addresses we collect will never be sold and they will only be used by us to send no more that one newsletter per month.
Every subscriber can easily unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time.
 Your Rights 
Exercise your Rights. To exercise your rights defined in this section, please send a request via email to the Email Address or via mail to our postal address.


Revocation of Consent. You can revoke your consent – in those cases where consent for processing is necessary – for future data processing at any time.
However, this does not affect the lawfulness of Data processing based on the consent before the revocation.
In certain cases, we may continue to process your information after you have withdrawn consent, if we have another legal basis to do so or if your withdrawal of consent was limited to certain processing activities.


Right of Access. You have the right to obtain (i) confirmation as to whether or not your Data is being processed by us and, if so, (ii) more specific information on the Data.
The more specific information concerns, among other things, processing purposes, categories of Data, potential recipients, or the duration of storage.


Right to Rectification. You have the right to obtain the rectification of inaccurate Data concerning you from us.
In case the Data processed by us is not correct, we will rectify these without undue delay and inform you of this rectification.
Please note that (i) you can rectify much of your information in the settings and (ii) it is not technically possible for us to rectify all kinds of data in our Product.


Right to Erasure. You have the right to delete Data we store about you.
Should you decide to do so, please go to your account settings on the Website and delete your account there.
If you are unable to do this, please contact us via the Email Address.
As a safety measure, we will send you an email in order for you to confirm this deletion.
We will delete your Data after this confirmation.
Please note that your phone may still have Data stored on it after deletion of your account.


Right to Data Portability. You have the right to (i) receive a copy of your Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and (ii) transmit those Data to another controller without hindrance from us.
You can download a copy of your Data in your account settings on the Website.


Right to Object. You have the right to object at any time to the processing of Data for which our legitimate interests are the legal basis, including profiling based on those provisions.
You also have the right to object to processing of Data for direct marketing purposes.


Right to File a Complaint. You have the right to file a complaint with your local supervisory authority, if you think that the processing of Data infringes applicable law.
 Cookies  This Website uses "cookies" – small text files that are placed on your computer, mobile device and/or stored by the browser.
For further information, visit allaboutcookies.org.
Cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information and can be disabled in your browser.
The basis for the processing of Data via cookies are our legitimate interests.

 Our Company uses cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our Website, including: understanding how you use our Website, remembering your preferences (like disabling the cookie bar).


How to manage cookies. You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and the above website tells you how to remove cookies from your browser.
However, in some cases, features of our Website may not function properly as a result.
 Changes to the Privacy Policy  Bits&Coffee keeps its privacy policy for this Website and related Apps under regular review and places any updates on this web page.
This privacy policy was last updated on January 07, 2020.

