
Effective: November 18, 2020
Mywireless.org D/B/A ACTwireless (“ACTwireless” or “we” or “us” or “our”) has created this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our commitment to the privacy and security of our users (“you” or “your”).
This Privacy Policy applies to all visitors of ACTwireless.org (“Website”).
This Privacy Policy explains our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected, used, and shared.
By using the Website, you consent to the data practices contained in this Privacy Policy.1.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION1.1	Information You Provide to Us
Depending on how you choose to use and interact with our Website, we may collect the following types of information from you: account information which includes your first and last name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and other contact information.
We may use that information in the following ways:
•	To respond to your requests;
•	To contact you with information that might be of interest to you;
•	To allow you to enter one of our giveaways;
•	For analytical and research purposes;
•	To develop and improve our programs, services, and content;
•	To enforce this Privacy Policy and the other rules about your use of our Website;
•	To protect our rights or property;
•	To protect an individual’s health, safety, or welfare.
and
•	To comply with laws, regulations, a court order, or other legal proceeding.
•	If you choose to use the “Take Action” tab of our Website and submit your personal information to show your support of any of the causes listed therein, we may send the information that you provided to legislators, indicating your support.
We may also collect information that you submit to us about others.
For example, when you refer a friend to our Website by sending them an email through our web form.
1.2	Information We Collect Automatically
To deliver a more personalized experience, when you use our Website, we automatically collect information about you, including:
•	Log In Information: We collect log in information about your use of the Website, including the type of browser that you use.
the time, duration and frequency of your access.
Website pages viewed.
your IP address.
your interaction with emails from the Website.
and the page you visited before visiting our Website.
•	Device Information: We collect information about the computer or mobile device that you use to access our Website, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information.

•	Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: We and our service providers collect information using various technologies, including cookies and pixel tags (which are also called clear GIFs, web beacons, or pixels) to personalize your visit to our Website.
Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us improve our Website and your experience, and track usage of our Website.
Pixel tags are electronic images that may be used in our Website or emails, and track usage of our Website and effectiveness of communications.

•	Other Information: With your permission, we may collect other information from your device.
1.3	Information We Collect From Other Sources
We may collect information about you from other sources, such as through certain features on the Website you elect to use, but only where these third parties either have your consent or are otherwise legally permitted or required to disclose your information to us.2.
USE OF INFORMATION2.1 Operating Our Website
We may use information about you for various purposes related to operating our Website, to allow us to:
•	Provide, maintain, and improve our Website, including to develop new products and services, and manage the performance of our Website;
•	Personalize the Website, for example, to suggest content in which we think you may be interested;
•	Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Website.

•	Detect, investigate, and prevent abuse, and other illegal activities.
to protect the rights, property, or safety of ACTwireless, CTIA, and others.
to enforce compliance with our policies.
and to comply with applicable law, manage legal claims, and government requests.
and 
•	Perform administrative tasks.
2.2 Communicating With You
We may use information about you for various purposes related to communicating with you, including to:
•	Respond to your comments, questions, requests, and provide customer service;
•	Communicate with you about products, services, and events offered by us and others.
to provide news and information that we think will be of interest to you.
to conduct online surveys.
to conduct giveaways.
and to otherwise communicate with you in accordance with Section 2.3.
and
•	Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, support, and administrative messages.
2.3 Advertising And Other Uses
We may use information about you for various other purposes, including to:
•	Provide content, features, or suggestions that match your profile or interests;
•	Combine with information that we collect for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
and
•	Carry out any other purposes described to you at the time that we collected the information.3.
SHARING OF INFORMATION3.1 Through Our Website
We only share information that you provide to us, with your consent.
We may obtain your consent in a variety of ways: via our Website, via text messages, or online through a clickwrap agreement (an agreement that requires you to agree to terms and conditions before being able to use a service).
3.2 With Our Service Providers
We may use service providers in connection with operating and improving the Website and to assist with certain functions, such as email transmission, conducting surveys or contests, data hosting, and aspects of our technical and customer support.
We take measures to ensure that these service providers access, process, and store information about you only for the purposes we authorize, subject to confidentiality and other contractual obligations.
3.3 Following The Law And Protecting CTIA
We may access, preserve, and disclose information about you to third parties, including the content of messages, if we believe disclosure is in accordance with or required by applicable law, regulation, legal process, or audits.
We may also disclose information about you if we believe that your actions are inconsistent with our Terms of Use or related guidelines and policies, or if necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of, or prevent fraud or abuse of ACTwireless, CTIA, or others.
3.4 Policy Scope
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that you provide to third parties.
Our Website may direct you to a third-party service, such as social media services, or a portion of our Website may be controlled by a third party (typically through the use of a frame or pop-up window separate from other content on our Website).
Disclosure of information to these third parties is subject to the relevant third party’s privacy policy.
We are not responsible for the third-party privacy policy or content, even if we link to those services from our Website or if we share information with these third parties.
3.5 Other Situations
We may de-identify or aggregate information about you and share it freely, so that you can no longer be identified.
We may also share information about you with your consent or at your direction or where we are legally entitled to do so.4.
ADDITIONAL DETAILS4.1 Security
We employ technical and organizational measures designed to appropriately protect your information that is under our control and that we process on your behalf from unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification, or disposal both during transmission and once we receive it.
We store all information that you provide to us on secure servers.
We train employees regarding our data privacy policies and procedures, and permit authorized employees to access information on a need to know basis, as required for their role.
We use firewalls designed to protect against intruders and test for network vulnerabilities.
However, no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is completely secure.
4.2 Revisions To This Policy
We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time.
When we do, we will provide notice to you by publishing the most current version and revising the date at the top of this page.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will provide additional notice to you, such as by sending you an email or displaying a prominent notice on our Website.
In any case, the new Privacy Policy will be effective upon posting, and your continued use of the Website will indicate your consent to all the updated terms and conditions of every then current Privacy Policy.

4.3 Children’s Privacy
Protecting children’s privacy is especially important.
For that reason, we never knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13, and no part of our Website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
If a child has provided us with personal information, we ask that a parent or guardian of the child contact us at privacyconcerns@ACTwireless.org if they would like the information submitted by a child deleted from our database.5.
YOUR CHOICES5.1 Your Choices: Cookies
We may use and allow others to use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers, and other technologies to collect information about your use of our Website and other websites and online services.
You may disable the cookie function, by selecting the appropriate setting on your device.
Please note that disabling cookies may result in our Website or its features not functioning properly.
5.2 Email Communications
You can control messages that you receive from ACTwireless by selecting the “Unsubscribe” link in the e-mail message that you receive, or by sending an email to unsubscribe@ACTwireless.org requesting that you be unsubscribed from our mailing lists.
Additionally, if you wish to change, update, or delete information that you have provided to us for any reason, please contact us at unsubscribe@ACTwireless.org to make those changes.

