

Print
Terms of Use
Adblock Plus
We, eyeo GmbH, Lichtstrasse 25, 50825 Cologne, Germany ("eyeo".
"we"), have developed the browser extension Adblock Plus ("ABP") which can be downloaded via at our website and other domains.
ABP is a free extension that allows you to – among other things – customize your web experience.
You can block annoying ads, disable tracking, block domains known to spread malware and lots more.
It's available for all major browsers, including Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer, Maxthon, Opera, Safari and Yandex.Browser.
ABP uses filters that you choose to block unwanted elements.
What does that mean?
ABP is provided free of charge to you as a user.
However, we've reached a point where further Terms of Use, such as these, are necessary.
This protects you and it protects us.
These Terms of Use apply to your use of ABP.
What do you mean "ABP is free to use?"
ABP is an open source project, licensed under GPLv3, and can be used by anyone free of charge.
The use of ABP is subject to the restrictions of the GPLv3.
Non-permitted use of ABP
Please note that some website owners may not permit ad-blocking users to view their website.
That must be respected, especially in the following cases:

You must not use ABP on websites where you have agreed not to use it, i.e.
by agreeing to Terms of Services on the respective website, not to use any ad blockers.
You are not permitted to use ABP in connection with any tools to circumvent technological measures that effectively control access to websites.

What are Acceptable Ads?
By default, nonintrusive ads aren't blocked when using ABP in order to support websites (learn more).
You can disable this feature at any time by opting out (guideline how to disable Acceptable Ads).
This does not affect ABP's functionalities.
Within our Acceptable Ads program the following rules have and always will apply to everyone, without exception:

Participants cannot pay to avoid the criteria.
Every enabled ad must comply.
For transparency, we add all Acceptable Ads to our forum so that our community of users can provide feedback.
We listen to our users.
If an Acceptable Ads proposal is flagged by our community for a legitimate reason, we will remove it from the whitelist.

We are able to keep our open source product free by charging large entities a fee for whitelisting services.
For the other roughly 90 percent of our partners, these services are offered free of charge.
What if ABP does not work properly?
ABP is provided "as is" and on an "as available" basis.
Your use of ABP is at your own risk.
eyeo makes no warranty or condition that ABP will meet your requirements or be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free:

eyeo makes no warranty or condition that all ads will be blocked.
in particular Acceptable Ads will be shown in ABP's default setting.

You acknowledge and understand that the filters used may occasionally lead to blocked content.
This is an unwanted side effect of some filters and cannot be completely avoided.

ABP itself has no functionality.
it does not block anything until you "tell" it what to block by adding external filter lists.
Filter lists are essentially an extensive set of rules that tell ABP which elements of a website to block.
eyeo has no influence on those filter lists.

In the case that you detect any defect or incorrect blocking, including the blocking of content, inform us as soon as possible. Additional information
This Terms of Use shall be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany.
If you have no place of jurisdiction in Germany or in any other EU member state, if you have transferred your permanent domicile abroad after these Terms of Use take effect or if your domicile or usual place of residence is unknown at the time legal action is taken, the sole place of jurisdiction for all disputes arising from this agreement will be the location of our registered offices.
We reserve the right to amend and adapt these Terms of Use with effect for the future.
You can request the currently applicable version of the Terms of Use from our legal department or access them on our website.
You will be notified no later than one month before new Terms of Use take effect.
If you do not object to the validity of the new Terms of Use within one month after they take effect, you will be deemed to have accepted the new Terms of Use.
We will inform you separately in suitable form about the significance of the one month's notice period, your right to object and the legal consequences of non-objection.
This amendment mechanism does not apply to amendments to the parties' main contractual obligations.
