
         Privacy Policy 
1.
Information Collection and Use

add0n.com does not collect any personally identifiable information about You - such as your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address whatsoever.
When you do provide add0n.com with personally identifiable information (e.g.: name and email address), add0n.com may use that information to contact you, for example, to answer a question regarding an application or respond to a comment you have submitted.
add0n.com reserves the right to display any questions or comments without reference to your identity, together with any responses an add0n.com's staff provides on its frequently asked questions (FAQs) pages.
In the case of submitting requests for a new product listing, add0n.com will use the provided information to assess your request, to verify your identity and the identity of your other project contributors, and for any other reasonable purposes in connection with your request.
However, it will not provide the information to third parties without your consent, except as required by law as explained in the "Information Sharing" section below.
In some cases, add0n.com may collect information that is NOT personally identifiable.
Examples of this type of information include the type of internet browser or operating system you use, the date and time you visited the site, the pages you have accessed, and the name of the web site from which You linked to the site.
add0n.com uses this information to analyze trends and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
This information is not linked to any personally identifiable information.

2.
Information Collection and Use

add0n.com is an open-source hosting website, and the data and information posted on the site (discussion section of FAQs pages) are publically accessible by design.
Anonymous messages are against the spirit of open-source but still are allowed to protect your privacy.
When you deliberately offer contact details for add0n.com users to read and attaching your name to it, it gives other users the ability to reply to you privately, in case they feel that a public reply would be inappropriate.
If you want to avoid spam, use mail filters, or avoid offering your details on the site.
add0n.com will not be responsible for any unsolicited email that you receive as a result of you posting your email address on the FAQ pages.
This privacy policy does not protect any information that you transmit to the discussion section, bug report forms or other users.

3.
Cookies

add0n.com may use "cookies" - pieces of data stored on your computer tied to information about your visits - on the site.
This information will be in the form of a cookie or similar file and will help add0n.com to enhance its web experience by saving time on the site.
With most internet browsers, You can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored.
Please refer to your browser instructions or "help" screen to learn more about these functions.

4.
Information Sharing

Although add0n.com makes every effort to preserve user privacy, it may need to disclose information when required by law wherein it has a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order, or legal process served on the site.

5.
Certain Third Party Transactions

add0n.com may disclose personal information to third parties to provide services that involve data processing on its behalf (e.g.: advertising).
Also, if some or all of the assets of add0n.com are sold to a third party, such third party will be entitled to use the personal information disclosed by you, but only following the terms of this privacy statement.

5.
Security

The site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under add0n.com's control.
However, it is not possible to guarantee the security or integrity of the information you disclose online since a sufficiently powerful attack from an unauthorized third party could compromise your data.

5.
Links to Third Party Sites

This site contains links to other sites.
Please be aware that add0n.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites.
add0n.com encourages you to be aware when you leave the site and to read the privacy statements of every website that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this site.

6.
How to Contact Add0n.com

If you have any questions or suggestions regarding add0n.com's privacy policy, or if you have submitted personally identifiable information through the site and would like access to such information or to have that information corrected, please email us.
