
         Disclaimer | Terms &amp.
Conditions | Copyright Policy | Privacy Policy Disclaimer
addonCloud is not responsible for, and expressly disclaims all liability for, damages of any kind arising out of use, reference to, or reliance on any information contained within the site.
While the information contained within the site is periodically updated, no guarantee is given that the information provided in this Web site is correct, complete, and up-to-date.
addonCloud does not sale any services either physical nor digital.
addonCloud web site does not endorse and or promote the use of illegal third party add-ons, such as (streaming, viewing, sharing, downloading, etc) do so at your own risk.
addonCloud does not host/share any illegal third-party content.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of addonCloud.
We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites.
The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly.
However, addonCloud takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control. Terms &amp.
Conditions By using addonCloud’s web site (the “Site”), you agree to be bound by all terms, conditions and notices contained or referenced herein (the “Terms of Service”) and the Privacy Policy Statement (“Privacy Policy”).
addonCloud is a brand of Roma Works, S.A., which has a number of other subsidiary companies and reference to addonCloud throughout this document and our Privacy Policy, shall be deemed to refer to all Roma Works, S.A.
companies.
We reserve the right to change or discontinue any feature of the Site, including but not limited to the Terms of Service, at any time, by posting revisions onto the Site.
You agree to be deemed apprised and bound by any changes to these Terms and Conditions and your continued use of the Site indicates your agreement to the revised terms.
You also agree to review this information from time to time as may be required to keep informed of any revisions to the Terms and Conditions.
If you do not agree to the terms of this or any revised policy, please do not register as a user or deregister as a user and exit the Site immediately.
2.
Links to Third Party Sites &amp.
Services
addonCloud’s site contains links to and from sites operated by third parties.
addonCloud makes no representations whatsoever about any third party content that you may access from the Site or about any web site from which you may access the Site and/or which may be linked to this Site.
We provide third party content and links only as a courtesy to our users, and such links / content do not imply our endorsement of any linked site / content.
The linked sites / content are not under our influence or control, and we are not responsible for any third party content or the contents of any linked site or subsequent links from that site.
Our Privacy Policy is only applicable when you are on this Site.
Please review the provider’s and the linked site’s use agreements and privacy policies, and if you do not agree to be bound by the terms, we recommend that you terminate your use of that service or your visit to the site.
3.
Intellectual Property
You acknowledge that all content and materials available on this Site, including the selection, coordination, arrangement and enhancement of such content as well as content original to it are protected by national and international copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, patent registration rights, trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary rights and laws and are owned by addonCloud or our licensors or addonCloud has obtained the necessary permission of the owner of the intellectual property in such content to use the content on our Site.
Unless otherwise indicated, all logos, names, package designs and marks on the Site are trademarks or service marks of, or used under license by, addonCloud.
The use or misuse of any of these materials is strictly prohibited.
addonCloud, our licensors or associates retain exclusive ownership of all data, material and other information regarding your use of the Site.
4.
Lawful Use
You agree to use the Site or its contents for lawful purposes and only as expressly permitted in this Terms of Service and for no other purpose.
Except where otherwise noted, you may download, print or view individual pages for noncommercial use only, provided you do not delete or change any of the information, including copyright or trademark notices.
Except as otherwise permitted herein and as we may expressly authorize, you agree not to sell, license, rent, modify, distribute, copy, reproduce, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, publish, adapt, edit or create derivative works from the content or materials on the Site or otherwise in any way exploit any of the content of the Site, in whole or in part.
Systematic retrieval of data or other content from the Site to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database or directory in any form whatsoever without our written permission is strictly prohibited.
You agree that you will not post or transmit through the Site any material which violates or infringes in any way upon the rights of others, which is unlawful, threatening, abusive, defamatory, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, vulgar, obscene, profane or otherwise objectionable, which encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any law, or which, without addonCloud’s express prior approval, contains advertising or any solicitation with respect to products or services.
You also agree not to post any material protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights without the express permission of the owner of the copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights and the burden of determining that any material is not protected by copyright rests with you.
Any conduct by you that in our discretion restricts or inhibits any other user from using or enjoying addonCloud will not be permitted.
5.
User’s Grant of License
By posting or submitting content to the Site, you grant addonCloud and its worldwide licensees the right to use, reproduce, display, perform, adapt, modify, distribute and promote the content in any form, anywhere and for any purpose.
You also warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content you post or submit to the Site and that our public posting and use of your content will not infringe or violate the rights of any third party.
addonCloud retains the right to monitor, edit or otherwise change your posting or other content submitted to the Site without your permission.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT ALL MATERIALS, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES INCLUDED IN OR AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE (THE “CONTENT”) ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” FOR YOUR USE AND THAT YOU USE THIS SITE AND ANY CONTENT YOU CHOOSE TO DOWNLOAD AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
addonCloud DOES NOT IN ANY WAY WARRANT, EITHER EXPRESSLY OR BY IMPLICATION, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR OTHERWISE, OTHER THAN THOSE WARRANTIES WHICH ARE INCAPABLE OF EXCLUSION, RESTRICTION OR MODIFICATION UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
NEITHER addonCloud, NOR ITS PARTNERS, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, AGENTS, CONSULTANTS, CONTRACTORS OR LICENSORS, MAKE ANY WARRANTY THAT THE CONTENT OF THE SITE OR ANY SERVICE OR MERCHANDISE PROVIDED THROUGH IT, IS ACCURATE, RELIABLE OR CORRECT.
THAT THE SITE OR ANY LINKED SITE, WILL BE AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME OR LOCATION.
THAT ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED.
THAT THE CONTENT IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
OR THAT YOU WILL ACHIEVE SUCCESSFUL RESULTS FROM FOLLOWING ANY INSTRUCTIONS, DIRECTIONS OR RECOMMENDATIONS ON THE SITE.
6.
Limitation of Liability
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL addonCloud, NOR ITS PARTNERS, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, AGENTS, CONSULTANTS, CONTRACTORS OR LICENSORS, BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES IN LAW OR IN EQUITY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SITE OR FROM INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THE SITE OR FROM ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DELETION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER VIRUS, COMMUNICATION LINE FAILURE, THEFT OR DESTRUCTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, ALTERATION OF, OR USE OF RECORD, AND THE RISK OF ANY INJURY FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU.
THIS LIMITATION APPLIES WHETHER THE ALLEGED LIABILITY IS BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER BASIS INCLUDING ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF OTHER USERS OR THIRD PARTIES, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
OUR LIABILITY IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
7.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold addonCloud and its partners and their respective employees, officers, directors, shareholders, agents, consultants and licensees harmless from and against any and all liabilities, claims and expenses, including attorney’s fees, that arise from your use or misuse of the Site or the Content therein, including without limitation your violation of the Terms of Service herein.
We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will cooperate with us in asserting any available defenses.
8.
Monitoring Content
addonCloud shall have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor the content of the Site, including chat rooms and forums, to determine compliance with this Agreement and any operating rules established by addonCloud and to satisfy any law, regulation or authorized government request.
addonCloud shall have the right in its sole discretion to edit, refuse to post or remove any material submitted to or posted on the Site without your permission.
Without limiting the foregoing, addonCloud shall have the right to remove any material that we, in our sole discretion, find to be in violation of the provisions hereof or otherwise objectionable.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, addonCloud is not responsible for the content that you or any user posts on any forum on the Site and your reliance on any such content is solely at your own risk.
International Use
9.
Local Laws
By choosing to access the Site from any location other than Panama, you accept full responsibility for compliance with all local laws that are applicable.
addonCloud makes no representation that materials on the Site are appropriate or available for use in locations outside Panama, and accessing them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited.
10.
Security Precautions
The services and information provided are protected using industry standard security precautions.
It is up to you to fully understand the risks and threats of using the public Internet, and to be sufficiently aware of those risks to adequately protect your confidential information.
addonCloud provides information regarding Security and Privacy in our Privacy Policy.
This document is provided as a guideline only, and it is up to the user to remain current and exercise care when using the Internet.
You should seek professional advice on protecting your privacy and evaluating the security of the information systems you are using.
11.
Choice of Law
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of Panama, and the Federal laws of Panama applicable therein, without regard to its conflict of laws rules.
You expressly agree that any claim or action arising out of or relating to these Terms of Service or your use of the Site shall be filed only in the courts of Panama or the Federal Court of Panama, if applicable, and you further agree and submit to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating any such claim or action.
12.
Integration and Severability
This Terms of Service and our Privacy Policy constitute the entire agreement between addonCloud and you with respect to the Site and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals between us with respect to the Site.
If any provision of this Terms of Service agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, all other provisions shall remain in full force and effect.
The section headings used herein are for convenience only and shall not be given any legal import.
13.
Unauthorized Use and Termination
You agree to use the Site only for authorized and legal activities.
addonCloud reserves the right, in our sole discretion, to terminate your access to all or part of the Site, with or without notice and for any reason whatsoever.
14.
Privacy and Disclosure
You have read and accept the terms of our Privacy Policy. addonCloud Ltd DMCA / Copyright Policy We respect the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same.
On this page, you will find information about copyright infringement procedures and policies that apply to addonCloud. Notification of Copyright Infringement If you are a copyright owner (or an agent of a copyright owner) and believe any user material posted on our sites infringes upon your copyrights, you may submit a Notification of Claimed Infringement under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") by sending an e-mail to our Designated Copyright Agent containing the following information:

A clear identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed.
If multiple copyrighted works are posted on a single web page and you notify us about all of them in a single notice, you may provide a representative list of such works found at the site.
A clear identification of the material you claim is infringing on the copyrighted work, and information sufficient to locate that material on our website (such as the message ID of the infringing material).
A statement that you have a "good faith belief that the material that is claimed as copyright infringement is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law."
A statement that "the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."
Your contact information so that we can reply to your notice, preferably including an e-mail address and telephone number.
The notice must be physically or electronically signed by the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner.

Your written Notification of Claimed Infringement must be sent to our Designated Copyright Agent at the e-mail address listed below.
We will review and address all notices that substantially comply with the requirements identified above.
If your notice fails to substantially comply with all of these requirements, we may not be able respond to your notice.
We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a Notification of Claimed Infringement.
Please note that you may be liable for damages if you make a false claim of copyright infringement.
Section 512(f) of the Copyright Act provides that any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material is infringing may be subject to liability.
Please also be advised that, in appropriate circumstances, we will terminate the accounts of users/subscribers who repeatedly misidentify copyrighted material. Counter Notification of Copyright Infringement 
If you believe material was removed in error, you may send a Counter Notification to our Designated Copyright Agent at the e-mail address provided below.
To file a Counter Notification with us, you must send us an e-mail that sets forth the items specified below: 
Identify the specific message ID(s) of material that we have removed or to which we have disabled access.
Provide your full name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address.
Provide a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your address is located (or Winter Park, FL if your address is outside of the United States), and that you will accept service of process from the person who the provided notification of claimed infringement to which your notice relates or an agent of such person.
Include the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that I have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled."
Sign the notice.
If you are providing notice by e-mail, an electronic signature (i.e.
your typed name) or scanned physical signature will be accepted.



If we receive a Counter Notification from you, we may forward it to the party who submitted the original Notification of Claimed Infringement.
The Counter Notification we forward may include some of your personal information, such as your name and contact information.
By submitting a Counter Notification, you consent to having your information revealed in this way.
We will not forward the Counter Notification to any party other than the original claimant unless required or expressly permitted to do so by law.

After we send out the Counter Notification, the original claimant must respond to us within 10 business days stating he or she has filed an action seeking a court order to restrain you from engaging in infringing activity relating to the material on our web site.
We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a Counter Notification of Copyright Infringement.
Please note that you may be liable for damages if you make a false claim.
Under Section 512(f) of the Copyright Act, any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification may be subject to liability.
Please note that we may not be able to contact you if we receive a Notification of Copyright Infringement about material you posted online.
In accordance with our Terms of Service, we reserve the right to permanently remove any content sole discretion Termination of Subscriber Accounts It is our policy, in what we deem in our sole discretion to be appropriate circumstances, to disable and/or terminate the accounts of users, subscribers or account holders who repeatedly infringe the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of others or of addonCloud. Designated Copyright Agent Contact Information Notices with respect to this web site should be sent to: contact@addonCloud.org Privacy Policy addonCloud respects your privacy and believes the best way to serve you on the Internet is with honesty, accountability and adherence to legal standards.
We are sensitive to the issue of privacy and have structured our online activities to maximize your control over the disclosure of your own personally identifiable information.
This Privacy Policy Statement supplements our general Terms of Service , which you must also read.
By using our Web site (the “Site”), you agree to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy and by the Terms of Service We may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting revisions to the Site, and your continued use of the Site indicates your agreement to the revised terms.
Accordingly, you should check the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy from time to time to keep informed of such amendments, and, if you do not agree to the terms of this or any revised policy, please do not register as a user or deregister as a user and exit the Site immediately. Privacy of Children
addonCloud encourages parents and guardians to be aware of and participate in their children’s online activities.
You must be over the age of 18 to register an account on addonCloud, and use the addonCloud website. Types of Information collected
addonCloud may collect two types of information: personally identifiable information and aggregated non-personally identifiable information.
Personally Identifiable Information will include information such as your name, user name, address, postal code, telephone number, e-mail address, age, marital status, income level, education level, intentions, preferences and opinions.
addonCloud does not collect personally identifiable information about an individual except when individuals provide such specific information on a voluntary basis.
For example, in our Billing System.
Aggregated information will include information that is anonymous such as the type of browser you are using or other such non-personally identifiable information. Why is the Information Collected?
In order to access some specific features of the Site, you may be required to register or otherwise voluntarily provide personally identifiable information.
For example, registration is needed to enter certain contests.
You may choose not to provide the personal information, but this may lead to decreased functionality of the Site for you and will prevent us from providing you with certain products or services.
However, you can still access and visit many of the Site’s features.
We also may request you to voluntarily provide personal information that is not required to access features of our site.
This information enables addonCloud to make general improvements to the Site, ensures that content standards of these sections are rigorously upheld, enables us to contact the prize winners and better serve your specific interests.
addonCloud may transparently collect non-personally identifiable aggregate information through the use of cookies or by other means.
We use this information to assess general usage patterns, including identifying repeat users, collect demographic information, administer and make improvements to the Site to tailor our visitor’s experiences at the Site and display content according to their preferences so as to make it more useful to you and other users.
addonCloud, our business partners, and such other third party as we may designate reserve the right to use, maintain, update, disclose and/or sell Aggregate Information to third parties. What We Will and Will Not Do With the Information You Provide
addonCloud uses information generally to compile statistical data, keep in contact with users and provide them with a better interactive experience.
addonCloud may use your information specifically for the following purposes: (i) to improve the content of our Site.
(ii) to personalize and/or customize the content and/or layout of our Site for each individual visitor.
(iii) to notify visitors about updates to our Site.
(iv) to identify our visitors’ preferences.
(v) to keep you informed about product and services (both ours and third parties’) in which you have expressed an interest.
(vi) to establish your eligibility for special offers and discounts.
(vii) to complete business transactions.
(viii) to contact you as part of a promotion.
(ix) to allow you to make a posting on the Site.
(x) to administer individual accounts.
(xi) to provide customer support.
(xii) to meet legal requirements.
(xiii) to provide Internet security.
and/or (xiv) to analyze the collected information.
If you have entered and won one of addonCloud’s contests, addonCloud and / or its sponsors may publish your name and city of residence.
In the event that we sell a substantial portion of our business assets, our customer information may be among the transferred assets.
In such event, the purchaser will inherit the confidentiality obligations posted herein.
addonCloud works closely with a number of parties who may perform functions on our behalf, including fulfilling orders, providing music streaming services or other third party content, providing promotional materials to our users, sending e-mail, managing, compiling and processing data, processing credit card payments or providing customer service.
We do not disclose your personally identifiable information to these parties except to the extent necessary to enable them to provide the specific services to you.
Other than for the specific purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy Statement, we will not disclose your personal information to any third parties unless we obtain your prior consent or are legally compelled to do so.
In addition, we will not contact you without your permission except as specified above or in connection with the registration process.
On the Site, you will be given the opportunity to opt out of receiving e-mails, promotional and/or marketing information about other products, services and offerings from addonCloud and/or any third parties or other information from addonCloud.
Please indicate your preferences on the Site accordingly, by checking the appropriate boxes.
If you have questions about how your personal information is used, please contact us. Third Party Advertising
addonCloud does contain any advertising whatsoever.
If you are seeing ads, then it is your computer and/or software.
We recommend you use AdAware or SpyBot Search &amp.
Destroy to attempt to deal with the problem.
If that does not solve the issue, we recommend contacting a competent technician.
Many are available in your local area through the free classifieds ad service of CraigsList.Org. Cookies
When you visit the Site, we or a third-party advertiser may store or recognize some information on your computer in the form of a “cookie” or similar file.
“Cookies” are small text files that identify an individual computer’s browser entering the Site.
They do not pose a security threat to you.
No personal information is stored within the cookies.
For example, cookies allow us to track a browser’s movement through the Site over several sessions.
Through cookies, the Site can recognize repeat visitors, facilitate the visitor’s access to and use of the Site and allows the Site to track usage behaviour that will allow content improvement and enable us to tailor our Site to better match your interests and preferences.
If you do not want cookies placed on your computer, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies or receive a warning before a cookie is stored.
Most Internet browsers or other software will allow you to do this.
Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.
If you reject cookies, functionality of the Site may be severely limited, and you may not be able to take advantage of many of the Site’s best features. About Our Forums
The Site may, from time-to-time, feature forums (such as message boards and chat rooms) which enable our users to communicate with each other.
addonCloud does not moderate and is not responsible for the content that you or any user posts on any forum on the Site.
All personal information you post in a forum becomes public information and may be viewed, collected and used by any visitor to the Site, and may expose you to unsolicited messages.
This is beyond our control.
Therefore, addonCloud strongly recommends that you do not post on any forum private information about yourself or other individuals. Linking to Our Business Partners’ and Third Party Content / Web Sites
The Site provides on-line music streaming and other third party content.
We are not responsible for any such third party content or music that you may access through the Site.
The Site also contains links from and to sites operated by our business partners and other independent third parties.
Once you leave the Site, you may or may not see a new URL in the location bar.
Please review the linked site’s and third party content provider’s privacy policies, and if you do not agree to be bound by the terms of the policies governing that provider / site, terminate your use of that service or your visit to the site.
The linked sites are not under our influence or control, and we are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices or the content of the sites operated by our business partners or other third parties or the privacy policies and practices or contents of any linked site or subsequent links from that site. How Secure is Your Information
Any unauthorized use of the Site may result in criminal and/or civil prosecution.
We have policies and procedures in place to protect the privacy and confidentiality of your information that we collect and maintain, including contracts with third parties that manage the information provided by you.
All personal information is stored on secured servers, behind a firewall at a data center with access to data strictly controlled.
Only individuals specifically involved in the analysis and other functions set out herein have access to your personally identifiable information.
These individuals have been provided the requisite training on our privacy policies and practices.
To help ensure the privacy of your information, we urge you not to share your user name and password with anyone and recommend that you change your password frequently and store it in a safe place.
If you are asked to create a user name or password, please select words that do not personally identify you.
We may offer “auto login” which allows users to enter member areas of our site without re-entering password information.
You may want to disable auto login on your “Set Up” page if you are not the only person using your computer. Termination
Without limiting the foregoing, addonCloud shall have the right to immediately terminate your access to this Site in the event of any conduct by you which we, in our sole discretion, considers to be unacceptable, or in the event of any breach by you of any of these Terms of Service and/or this Privacy Policy. Updating / Deleting your Information
When collected, addonCloud enables our users to update/correct personal information previously submitted which the user states is erroneous to the extent such activities will not compromise privacy or security interests.
To update or delete your information, please go to the Log-In function and update or delete your personal information accordingly from our database.
Please note that it may be impossible to delete a user’s entry totally without some residual information because of backups and records of deletions.
If you have any concerns about privacy procedures at our Site:
email us at: : contact@addonCloud.org
Please make any communications as complete and descriptive as possible, and we will attempt to respond promptly to your concerns.
