
        
Privacy Policy What kind of data is collected? 
Typical server log information, including:

URL requested on our domain
Referring URL
IP address (anonymized)
Browser, language, and operating system used
Browser cookies on our domain
Time and date


Typical browser information, such as URL, title, and related metadata.
We anonymize a user IP address by zeroing the last octet (IPv4) or 80 bits (IPv6) before any logging.
We use HTTP cookies on our domain only.
We do not use unique user identifiers on sites across the web.
We do not use personally identifiable information (PII) unless you provide it to us.

For example, when you contact us, you can optionally provide your name and email address.


 How long is end user data retained? 
We retain server log data for 30 days or less, and keep only aggregate usage data.
We do not retain server log data on static assets provided for use on sites across the web.
 What kind of data is shared? 
We use Google Analytics on our domain without cookies, and without unique user identifiers.

An IP address is anonymized before analytics collection &amp.
processing.
See how Google uses data for other details.


Non-PII may be shared with service providers and partners.

For example, official buttons such as Facebook Like are served by Facebook under their privacy policy.


Non-PII may be shared to help deliver services including interest-based advertising.

For example, interest-based advertising may be served on sites that display ads.


We do not share server log data on static assets provided for use on sites across the web.
 What options are supported? 
Do Not Track (DNT):

When a supported browser's DNT header is enabled, we prevent tracking across sites where AddToAny is used.
For example, we disable Like &amp.
Tweet buttons to prevent Facebook &amp.
Twitter tracking when DNT is enabled.
See our full Do Not Track Compliance Policy.


NAI Consumer Opt Out:

You can opt out of third party interest-based advertising from NAI members by using the NAI's opt-out page.


 What about the GDPR &amp.
CCPA for websites &amp.
apps using AddToAny? AddToAny is compatible by default with the European General Data Protection Regulation, and the California Consumer Privacy Act.
See the FAQ for more information.
