
         AddThis Tools Academy Blog Help Dashboard Menu AddThis Legal Policies

Terms of Service
Comment Policy
Mobile SDK License Agreement
Extension and Bookmarklet Terms of Service
Pixel Partners
Partners
 Partners  AddThis is a member of several industry groups that focus on effective communication, best practices, and policy review in the field of interest-based advertising.

About the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising
 "...the nation's largest media and marketing associations have come together to launch this Program, which gives consumers a better understanding of and greater control over ads that are customized based on their online behavior (also called "interest-based" advertising).
Our participating companies share a commitment to delivering consumers a robust and credible Program of notice and choice for online behavioral advertising, and to enhancing consumer confidence in the online medium." — AboutAds.info 
 The AddThis opt-out is available through the Program's unified opt-out, and implements the Consumer Opt Out Page specification for effective and secure consumer opt-out.

About the NAI
 "The NAI (Network Advertising Initiative) is a cooperative of online marketing and analytics companies committed to building consumer awareness and establishing responsible business and data management practices and standards." — NetworkAdvertising.org 
 AddThis is a full member of the NAI and adheres to the NAI Code of Conduct.
The NAI is also a member of the Digital Advertising Alliance, the organization promoting the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising.

About the IAB
 "The Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) is comprised of more than 460 leading media and technology companies who are responsible for selling 86% of online advertising in the United States...
The IAB educates marketers, agencies, media companies and the wider business community about the value of interactive advertising.
Working with its member companies, the IAB evaluates and recommends standards and practices and fields critical research on interactive advertising." — IAB.net 
 AddThis is a member of the IAB and follows the Code of Conduct.
The IAB is a member of the Digital Advertising Alliance, the organization promoting the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising.

About the EDAA
 "The European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance has been founded by a European industry coalition representing advertisers, the advertising agency sector, the direct marketing sector, the advertising network sector and the media sector.
EDAA's principal purpose is to licence the 'OBA Icon' to companies involved in Online Behavioural Advertising across Europe.” — EDAA.eu 
 AddThis is a member of the EDAA and follows the IAB Europe OBA Framework.
AddThis has been awarded ePrivacy's "EDAA Trust Seal", a seal of approval that attests to AddThis’s fulfillment of and compliance with the IAB Europe OBA Framework.


* You may see AddThis referred to as Clearspring Technologies in third-party opt-out systems.
We've recently rebranded Clearspring as AddThis, so please bear with us as we make the changes.
 Now Free! Tools Share Buttons Follow Buttons Related Posts List Building Link Promotion Plugins Social Plugins WordPress Social Plugins Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP) CMS Plugin Email Integration Learn Why AddThis? Examples Blog Academy Support About About Careers Contact Us  Opt Out of Targeted Advertising 
 Privacy Terms of Service Cookie Preferences 


Copyright © 2020, Oracle and/or its affiliates.
All rights reserved. Oracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates.Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.

 Do Not Sell My Personal Information 
