

Introduction
Personal data processed by Adform
Purpose and legal basis for processing
Recipients of your personal data
Transfer of your personal data to a third country outside of EU and EEA
Storage of your personal data
Your rights as a data subject
Filing of complaint
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Event Registrations
IntroductionAdform Group ("Adform") processes personal data about you as a contact person employed at a vendor, collaboration party or client that Adform has entered into a contract with.  Personal data processed by AdformAdform processes the ordinary personal data you have provided to Adform, i.e.
your name, email, telephone number, address, your position in the company you are employed at, etc.
Adform does not process special categories of personal data (sensitive personal data) about you.  Purpose and legal basis for processingThe processing of your personal data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by Adform, which are regarded not to be overridden by your interests or fundamental rights.
Such interests are, for instance, fulfillment of contractual obligations with the company that you are employed at, invoicing for the services your company provides to Adform or vice versa, contacting you if Adform has any questions to the specific services as well as maintaining and enhancing customer relationships.  Recipients of your personal dataAdform may disclose personal data about you to certain third-party recipients, such as intra-group companies or service providers.
Such parties will only process personal data about you on behalf of Adform and in accordance with the instructions given by Adform.
Thus, these third-party recipients are not permitted to process your personal data for their own purposes.Transfer of your personal data to a third country outside of EU and EEAIn certain cases, your personal data may be transferred outside of the EU/EEA.
Adform ensures that such transfer will be carried out in accordance with the applicable data protection laws.
This entails that any party outside of the EU/EEA that will receive your personal data will ensure an adequate level of protection, for example, by adhering to the EU-US Privacy Shield or entering into the EU standard contractual clauses with Adform.
If you have any inquiries in relation hereto, you are welcome to contact Adform by sending an email to dpo@adform.com.Storage of your personal dataAdform will store your personal data that is necessary for bookkeeping purposes for 5 years from the year which the invoice is related in accordance with the special rules on retention of bookkeeping material, if applicable.
Hereafter, such personal data will be deleted.
Adform will further store your personal data for as long as Adform is in contact about the business relationship unless you instruct Adform to delete your personal data, which Adform will accommodate subject to retaining data necessary for business purposes, e.g.
accounting, and legal requirements.
If there is an actual or potential legal dispute with the company you are employed at, your personal data will be retained as long as necessary for these purposes.Your rights as a data subjectAs a data subject you have the right to access the personal data Adform processes about you.
Furthermore, depending on the circumstances you also have the right to rectification of your personal data, erasure, restriction of the processing of your personal data, data portability and the right to object against the processing of your personal data.
If you wish to exercise any of the above-mentioned rights, you are welcome to contact dpo@adform.com.Filing of complaintIf you wish to file a complaint regarding Adform's processing of your personal data, you can contact the relevant local contact person by sending an email to dpo@adform.com.
Further, Adform has appointed a Data Protection Officer ("DPO").
The contact details of the DPO are as follows: dpo@adform.com.
However, for local inquiries, please contact the above-mentioned employee.
If your complaint is not resolved by Adform, you can choose to file a complaint to the data protection authority to your local Data Protection Authority (http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm)Changes to this Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") will be updated on a regular basis and when necessary due to changes in applicable law.
The Privacy Policy will always include information on the effective date of the most recent version.
To the extent that the changes of the Privacy Policy are regarded as material and significant, you will be expressly informed hereof, for example, on Adform's website. Event RegistrationsAdform reserves the right to refuse your registration of attendance to an online or onsite event should we have reasons to believe that your product and services directly or indirectly compete with ours.
