
        Terms of Use
Welcome to the network of web sites for Digital Security by ADT (the "Web Site"), operated by ADT LLC (“ADT”) and our service partners (“Service Partners”).
Please read the following terms and conditions carefully before using the Web Site.
Acceptance of terms through use
ADT makes the Web Site available subject to the following terms and conditions of use (the "Terms of Use").
These Terms of Use also apply to any updates, enhancements, new features, and/or the addition of any new web properties.
By using this site, you signify that you have read, understood, and agree to all terms, conditions, and notices contained or referenced herein, and agree to follow all applicable laws and regulations.
If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, please do not use this site.
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by ADT.
ADT and its Service Partners reserve the right to seek all remedies available by law and in equity for any violation of these Terms of Use.
Severability and integration
Unless otherwise specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and ADT with respect to your use of the Web Site and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals (whether oral, written, or electronic) between you and ADT with respect thereto.
If any part of these Terms of Use is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed in a manner consistent with applicable law to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original intentions of the parties, and the remaining portions shall remain in full force and effect.
Changes to Terms of Use
ADT reserves the right to update or revise the Terms of Use governing this site, or any part thereof, at any time, at its sole discretion, without prior notice.
Such changes, modifications, additions, or deletions shall be effective immediately upon notice thereof, which may be given by any means including posting on this site or by other electronic or conventional means.
You agree to review the Terms of Use periodically for changes, modifications, additions, or deletions.
Your continued use of the site after such notice has been given constitutes acceptance of such changes, modifications, additions, or deletions.
Changes to the Web Site
ADT may periodically make changes to the Web Site at any time, without notice.
Scope
The Terms of Use herein apply to the use of web sites for Digital Security by ADT referencing these Terms of Use.
The Terms of Use are in addition to, and do not override, the specific terms and conditions that apply to any products or services offered by ADT.
If the Terms of Use are not consistent with the specific terms that apply to any ADT products or services offered to you, then the specific terms that apply to such information, products, or services will apply.
Termination
ADT reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to all or part of this site, with or without notice, without liability to you, any other user, or any third party.
Products
Products that are offered through the Web Site are subject to the agreements and terms of service that apply to them and can be accessed in accordance with the terms and conditions associated therewith.
Further, additional proprietary notices and copyright information may be found on other pages in the Web Site.


Personal and non-commercial use limitation
Unless otherwise specified, the Web Site is made available for your personal, non-commercial use only.
You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, software, products, or services obtained from the Web Site, except by prior written agreement with ADT.
You may not use the Web Site to sell a product or service, or to increase traffic to your web site for commercial reasons, except by prior written agreement with ADT.
You may not take elements of the Web Site and reformat and display them, or mirror them on your web site, except by prior written agreement with ADT.


Disclaimer of warranties
Except where expressly provided otherwise by ADT, the materials and information, software, products, and services included in or available through this web site (the "Content") are provided "as is" and "as available", and are for non-commercial use only, and ADT and its Service Partners hereby disclaim all express or implied representations, warranties, guaranties, and conditions, including but not limited to any implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement, except to the extent that such disclaimers are held to be legally invalid.
ADT and its Service Partners make no representations, warranties, guaranties, or conditions as to the quality, suitability, truth, accuracy, or completeness of any of the Content contained on the Web Site.
ADT, its Service Partners and licensors do not warrant that the content is accurate, reliable, or correct.
that this site will be available at any particular time or location.
that any defects or errors will be corrected.
or that the content is free of harmful components.
The Web Site may include inaccuracies or typographical errors.
Your use of the Web Site is solely at your risk.
Some states or other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you.
You may also have other rights that vary from state to state and jurisdiction to jurisdiction.
Limitation of liability
In no event shall ADT, its Service Partners or licensors be liable for any damages suffered as a result of using, modifying, contributing, copying, distributing, or downloading any materials, information, software, products, and services included in or available through the Web Site.
In no event shall ADT, its Service Partners or licensors be liable for any indirect, punitive, special, incidental, or consequential damages (including but not limited to loss of business, revenue, profits, use, data, or other economic advantage), however it arises, whether in an action of contract, negligence, or other tortious action, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of information available from the Web Site, even if previously advised of the possibility of such damage.
You agree to hold ADT and its Service Partners harmless from, and you covenant not to sue ADT and its Service Partners for, any claims based on or related to the use of the Web Site.
Such limitation shall apply notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy and to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Without limiting the foregoing, under no circumstances shall ADT, its Service Partners, or licensors be held liable for any delay or failure in performance resulting directly or indirectly from acts of nature, forces, or causes beyond its reasonable control, including, without limitation, Internet failures, computer equipment failures, telecommunication equipment failures, other equipment failures, electrical power failures, strikes, labor disputes, riots, insurrections, civil disturbances, shortages of labor or materials, fires, floods, storms, explosions, acts of God, war, governmental actions, orders of domestic or foreign courts or tribunals, non-performance of third parties, or loss of or fluctuations in heat, light, or air conditioning.
Products and services availability
The Web Site can be accessed from countries around the world and may contain references to services, programs, and products that have not been announced in your country.
These references do not imply that ADT currently offers or intends to announce such services, programs, or products in your country.


Links to third-party sites
The Web Site may contain links to or mirroring of web sites controlled by parties other than ADT or its Service Partners.
ADT and its Service Partners are not responsible for and do not endorse or accept any responsibility for the contents or use of these third party web sites.
These links are provided to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement of the linked web site.
It is your responsibility to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of viruses or other items of a destructive nature.
Third-party publications
ADT and its Service Partners have not co-authored, ratified, endorsed, or adopted the information contained in any publications referenced on the Web Site by publishing it herein.
Third-party statistics
ADT and its Service Partners have not co-authored, ratified, endorsed, or adopted any statistics provided by third parties by publishing them on the Web Site.
Submissions, feedback, and confidentiality
Except where expressly provided otherwise by ADT, all comments, feedback, information, or materials submitted through or in association with the Web Site ("Submissions") shall be considered non-confidential and property of ADT.
By providing such Submissions, you agree to assign to ADT, at no charge, all worldwide rights, title, and interest in copyrights and other intellectual property rights to the Submissions.
ADT shall be free to use and/or disseminate such Submissions on an unrestricted basis for any purpose.
You acknowledge that you are responsible for the Submissions that you provide, and that you, not ADT or its Service Partners, have full responsibility for the Submissions, including their legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality, and copyright.
Claims of copyright infringement
If you believe that your work has been copied and is accessible on this site in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, you may notify ADT.
Intellectual property notices
Elements of the Web Site are protected by trade dress and other laws and may not be copied or imitated in whole or in part.
No logo, graphic, sound or image from the Web Site may be copied or retransmitted unless expressly permitted by ADT.
The absence on the Web Site of a product or service name, slogan, or logo does not constitute a waiver of any trademark or other intellectual property rights relating to such name or logo.
All other product names, company names, marks, logos, and symbols may be the trademarks of their respective owners.
You acknowledge and agree that all content and materials available on this site are protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights and laws.
Except as expressly authorized by ADT, you agree not to sell, license, rent, modify, distribute, copy, reproduce, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, publish, adapt, edit, or create derivative works from such materials or content.
Notwithstanding the above, you may print or download one copy of the materials or content on this site on any single computer for your personal, non-commercial use, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices.
Systematic retrieval of data or other content from this site to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database, or directory without written permission from ADT is prohibited.
In addition, use of the content or materials for any purpose not expressly permitted in these Terms of Use is prohibited.
As noted above, reproduction, copying, or redistribution for commercial purposes of any materials or design elements on this site is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of ADT.
Permission is granted only when certain limited criteria are met.
For information on requesting such permission, please click here.


