
         Welcome to the Adventurer’s Codex Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Last modified on May 27th, 2018.
Effective May 27th, 2018.

Information You Provide to Us
Information We Collect Automatically
How We Use Information About You
How We Share Information
Your Choices
Changes
Contact Us

We want you to understand how and why Adventurer’s Codex, LLC (“Adventurers Codex,” “we” or “us”) collects, uses, and shares information about you when you access and use Adventurers Codex’s websites and other online products and services (collectively, the “Services”) or when you otherwise interact with us.
This Privacy Policy applies to all of our Services, including those that maintain a separate Privacy Notice that incorporates this Privacy Policy by reference.


Information You Provide to Us We collect information you provide directly to us when you use our Services.
Depending on which Service you use, we may collect different information about you.
In all cases this data is used for providing the Services and is collected only if we need it.
This includes: Information Regarding Your Use of the Services We collect the content and other information you provide when you use our Services.
This includes information used to create your account (e.g., a username, password and email address), account preferences, the content of private messages between you and other users or communities, and the content of information you post to the Services (e.g., text, photos, videos, links). Other Information You may choose to provide other information directly to us.
For example, we may collect information when you fill out a form, participate in contests, sweepstakes or promotions, apply for a job, communicate with us via third-party sites and services, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us.


Information We Collect Automatically When you access or use our Services, we may also automatically collect information about you.
This includes: Log and Usage Data We may log information when you access and use the Services.
This may include your IP address, user-agent string, browser type, operating system, referral URLs, device information (e.g., device IDs), pages visited, links clicked, user interactions, the requested URL, hardware settings, and search terms. Information Collected from Cookies We may receive information from cookies, which are pieces of data your browser stores and sends back to us when making requests.
We use this information to improve your experience, understand user activity, and improve the quality of our Services.
For example, we store and retrieve information about your preferred language and other settings. Social Sharing We may offer social sharing features or other integrated tools that let you share content or actions you take on our Services with other media.
Your use of these features enables the sharing of certain information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides the social sharing feature.
For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the third parties that provide these social sharing features (e.g., Tumblr, Facebook, Pinterest, and Twitter).


How We Use Information About You We use information about you to:

Provide, and maintain the Services;
Improve the service and make business decisions about possible future features or improvements using aggregate, non-identifying information about user usage trends, and other aggregate methods;
Help protect the safety of Adventurer’s Codex and our users, which includes blocking suspected spammers, addressing abuse, and enforcing the Adventurer’s Codex user agreement;
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, invoices and other support and administrative messages;
Provide customer service;
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, and events, and provide other news and information we think will be of interest to you (for information about how to opt out of these communications, see “Your Choices”);
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Services.
and
Personalize the Services and provide advertisements, content and features that match user profiles or interests.



How We Share Information When you use the Services, certain information may be shared with other users and the public.
We will not share, sell, or give away any of our users’ personal information to third parties, unless one of the following circumstances applies:

If you participate in contests, sweepstakes, promotions, special offers, or other events or activities in connection with our Services, we may share information with entities that partner with us to provide these offerings;
We may share information (and will attempt to provide you with prior notice, to the extent legally permissible) in response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request;
We may share information in response to an emergency if we believe it’s necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm to a person;
We may share information if we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or other Adventurer’s Codex policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of ourselves and others;
We may share information between and among Adventurer’s Codex, and its current and future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and other companies under common control and ownership.
and
We may share information with your consent or at your direction.

We may share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you. Ads and Analytics Partners We may partner with third-party advertisers, ad networks, and analytics providers to deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests and to better understand your use of the Services.
These third parties may collect information sent by your computer, browser, or mobile device in response to a request for content, such as unique identifiers, your IP address, or other information about your computer or device.
For example: Advertisers and Ad Networks Our ad partners and network may use cookies and use related technologies to collect information when ads are delivered to you on our Services, but Adventurer’s Codex does not link to or provide your actual Adventurer’s Codex account details to these advertising partners.
This means that Adventurer’s Codex does not share your individual account browsing habits with advertisers.
Adventurer’s Codex cannot see advertisers’ cookies and advertisers will not see Adventurer’s Codex cookies. Analytics Partners We use analytics partners (such as Google Analytics) to help analyze usage and traffic for our Services.
As an example, we may use analytics partners to analyze and measure, in the aggregate, the number of unique visitors to our Services.
For more information about how you may control the collection and/or use of information for advertising and analytics purposes, please see “Your Choices.” Security We take reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.


Your Choices As a Adventurer’s Codex user, you have choices about how to protect and limit the collection, use, and disclosure of, information about you.
This includes: Preferences We may provide you with tools and preference settings that allow you to access, correct, delete, and modify information associated with your account. Account Information You may delete your account information at any time by logging into your account profile and click the “Delete Account” button.
We may also retain certain information about you as required by law.
Deleting your account will begin the process of removing your data from the Adventurer’s Codex system.
Due to the nature of our system, fully removing all your personal data from our system can take up to 10 days, though your account will be inactive and unusable immediately after cancellation.
You also have the ability to request all of the information that we collect about you and your account from us.
Currently this is not an automated process.
You can request an archive of the data we collect about you and your account by contacting our support team. Cookies Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default.
If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject first- and third-party cookies.
Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services. Third-Party Advertising and Analytics Some analytics providers may provide specific opt-out mechanisms (e.g.
Google Analytics Opt-out), and we will provide, as needed, additional tools and third-party services that allow you to better understand cookies and how you can opt-out.
You have the ability to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes. Promotional Communications You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us by following the instructions in those communications.
If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as information about your account or your use of our Services.


Changes We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time.
If we do, we will let you know by revising the “Last modified” date at the top of the policy.
We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access or use our Services or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
If you continue to use our Services after Privacy Policy changes go into effect, you consent to the revised policy.


Contact Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please email support@adventurerscodex.com
