
         Contact Information 


 General Inquiries

Contact@AdWorkMedia.com



 Abuse Reports

Compliance@AdWorkMedia.com



 Account Support

 Open a Support Ticket Support@AdWorkMedia.com 
 
Pursuant to this Agreement, AdWork Media Group, LLC ("AdWork, AdWork Media, Site, Network, AdWorkMedia.com) and Publisher shall agree to the following terms and conditions for the receipt of advertising materials ("Creative") from advertising Customers ("Customers").
This includes the serving, tracking and reporting of each Campaign made available on the AdWork Media Affiliate Network (the "Network") to Publisher and Publisher Websites ("Websites").

USE POLICY:

 

Infringement Notification
 To file a notice of infringement with us, you must provide a written communication (by fax, mail, or email) that sets forth the items specified below.
Please note that you may be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) if you materially misrepresent that a product or activity is infringing your copyrights.
Accordingly, if you are not sure whether material available online infringes your copyright, we suggest that you first contact an attorney.

Your communication must include substantially all of the following:

A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Identify in sufficient detail the location of copyrighted work that you believe has been infringed upon or other information sufficient to specify the copyrighted work being infringed.
If multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.
The following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law."
The following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate, and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

Send the written communication to:
 AdWork Media Group, LLC Attn: DMCA Complaints PO Box 11986 Gainesville, FL 32604 
or you may email us directly at: contact@adworkmedia.com

AdWork Media will always comply with valid DMCA requests.
For any questions please contact us.
