
        Digital Millennium Copyright Act Requests Aether respects the intellectual property of others and requires that users of our servers or services do the same.
We do remove and/or disable access to infringing material that is hosted on our servers, if the material is present in any servers that Aether Technologies, Inc.
controls.
We also remove and/or render unusable the accounts of users who are repeat offenders.
If you believe anything on our servers infringes a copyright that you own or control, you can notify Aether Technologies, Inc.
by sending a fully formatted DMCA Report (see 17 U.S.C.
§ 512) to the email address below:
legal@getaether.net

You will need to send the link for the content that you are requesting the takedown for.
This link can be found within the Aether App.
You may want to consult an attorney before taking any action pursuant to the DMCA.
If you knowingly misrepresent that any activity or material on our servers is infringing, you might be liable for damages or other costs.
Before sending a DMCA request, please read the following below. Aether is a peer-to-peer network The content on Aether is user-generated.
It is not controlled, nor hosted by Aether Technologies, Inc.
(“Aether Technologies Inc.”), with a few exceptions.
Besides Aether clients, the content on the network may also be generated, read or shared by third-party applications, which Aether Technologies Inc.
does not control, and cannot affect the workings of.
The communication protocol underlying Aether, c0/Mim, is an open protocol, similar to email (IMAP / SMTP), and it does not necessarily require the use of Aether to participate in the network.
In other words, Aether App is merely a browser for c0/Mim content that can be generated, consumed, or shared outside Aether App.
If you send a DMCA request, and it is found to be valid, the content you’ve requested the Takedown for will be taken down from the servers Aether Technologies Inc.
controls, if present, and a block will be placed on the identifier (“Fingerprint”) of the content, so that Aether clients will not download, make visible to the user, or share the fingerprinted content.
