

 Client Sign In 
 Dashboard 
Home
About Us
Plans
Phones


 Menu
Home
About Us
Plans
Phones


 Client Sign In FREE PHONE SERVICE 
 DashboardAbout Us
This is a privacy policy for Armed Forces Wireless.
Our homepage on the Web is located at http://www.armedforceswireless.com/.
The full text of our privacy policy is available on the Web at http://www.armedforceswireless.com/privacy.
Users may go to http://www.armedforceswireless.com/opt-out for information on how to opt-in or opt-out of use of their information.
We invite you to contact us if you have questions about this policy.
You may contact us by visiting https://myafmobile.com/contact-us/.
You may call us at 1-888-804-1448.
Dispute Resolution and Privacy Seals
We have the following privacy seals and/or dispute resolution mechanisms.
If you think we have not followed our privacy policy in some way, they can help you resolve your concern.
Customer Support: Contact us by visiting https://myafmobile.com/contact-us/ if you have any concerns about our privacy policy.Data Collection
P3P policies declare the data they collect in groups (also referred to as “statements”).
This policy contains 4 data groups.
The data practices of each group will be explained separately.
Group “Access log information”
We collect the following information:
Click-stream dataHTTP protocol elementsUser’s interaction with a page or resourceThis data will be used for the following purposes:
Completion and support of the current activity.Website and system administration.Research and development.This data will be used by ourselves and our agents‡.
The data in this group has been marked as non-identifiable.
This means that there is no reasonable way for the site to identify the individual person this data was collected from.
The following explanation is provided for why this data is collected:
In order to protect ourselves and our customers against computer criminals, our web servers log non-identifying information about your visit to our site.
For example, the pages you viewed are recorded, but this information is recorded in a way that leaves no reasonable means to connect it to your identity.
To ensure maximum security, we retain these logs indefinitely.
Other information within this group is collected for the purpose of completing the current request only.
We do not retain it.
Group “Cookies”
We collect the following information:
HTTP cookiesThis data will be used for the following purposes:
Completion and support of the current activity.Website and system administration.Anonymous user analysis.Anonymous user profiling and decision-making.This data will be used by ourselves and our agents‡.
The following explanation is provided for why this data is collected:
“Cookies” are small pieces of data sent by our server to your computer which stores them if your own security configuration permits it.
Your computer will then retransmit the cookie(s) to our server as you browse our site.
“Session cookies” are cookies that exist during the current browser session only.
We use session cookies to allow our server to maintain information about the contents of your shopping cart and to facilitate your shopping process.
By logging in you also link the session cookies to your past transactions and account record, if any.
We access this information during the current session to facilitate your shopping experience and to deliver products.
If you were directed to our site by an advertisement or an affiliate partner, we may use persistent cookies to track sales originating from these sources.
It is our practice to allow these cookies to persist for a maximum of 30 days after your last visit to our site.
We do not link these cookies to your personal information.
We contract with Yahoo! Inc, Google Inc.
and similar third-parties to compile anonymous statistics on how our website is used by visitors.
These third-parties issue cookies from our pages in order to collect this data.
Personal data is neither collected by these third-parties nor provided to them by us.
Group “Transaction info (required)”
We collect the following information:
Physical contact informationOnline contact informationPurchase informationTransaction historyThis data will be used for the following purposes:
Completion and support of the current activity.Website and system administration.Research and development.Contacting visitors for marketing of services or products.
The user must opt-in to this usage.This data will be used by ourselves and our agents‡.
The following explanation is provided for why this data is collected:
CREDIT CARD DATA: If you choose to pay by credit card, we use your credit card information only to obtain payment for the current purchase.
After we submit your information for processing by your financial institution, we destroy it for your protection and for ours.
Recurring payments are made possible by a mechanism which does not require us to store your credit card data.OTHER REQUIRED DATA: To protect against credit card fraud, we require the billing address associated with your payment method.
If you purchase a product which must be physically delivered, we also require your shipping address.
We require your email address and telephone number to communicate with you about your purchase.
To facilitate future orders, we retain this information for a period of not more than 2 years.MARKETING OPT-IN: At your option, you may also choose to receive coupons, discounts and special offers from us by email.
You may opt-out of these campaigns at any time.
instructions for doing so are elsewhere in this document.
We neither telemarket nor send advertising by regular mail.Group “Transaction info (optional)”
At the user’s option, we will collect the following data:
Year of BirthMonth of BirthThis data will be used for the following purposes:
Completion and support of the current activity.This data will be used by ourselves and our agents‡.
The following explanation is provided for why this data is collected:
IDENTITY QUESTIONNAIRE: To protect against credit card fraud and accelerate fulfillment of your order, we may ask new customers to prove their identity by answering a small number of questions which do not disclose sensitive information but which are unlikely to be answered correctly by credit card thieves.
These questions include your month and year of birth.
You are not required to answer these questions.
We do not retain your answers to these questions.
Cookies
Cookies are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a Web site.
A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system.
You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Our site makes use of cookies.
Cookies are used for the following purposes:
Site administrationCompleting the user’s current activityCompact Policy Summary
The compact policy which corresponds to this policy is:
CP=”ALL DSP COR CURa ADMa DEVa PSAa PSDa CONi OUR BUS PHY ONL PUR COM NAV INT DEM STA PRE”
The following table explains the meaning of each field in the compact policy.
Field MeaningCP= This is the compact policy header.
it indicates that what follows is a P3P compact policy.ALL Access to all collected information is available.DSP The policy contains at least one dispute-resolution mechanism.COR Violations of this policy will be corrected.CURa The data is used for completion of the current activity.ADMa The data is used for site administration.DEVa The data is used for research and development.PSAa The data is used for pseudononymous analysis.PSDa The data is used for pseudononymous decision-making.CONi The data is used for contacting the user, if the user selects it.OUR The data is given to ourselves and our agents‡.BUS Our business practices specify how long the data will be kept.PHY Physical contact information is collected.ONL Online contact information is collected.PUR Purchase information is collected.COM Computer information is collected.NAV Navigation and clickstream data is collected.INT Interactive data is collected.DEM Demographic and socioeconomic data is collected.STA State-management data is collectedPRE Preference information is collected.The compact policy is sent by the Web server along with the cookies it describes.
For more information, see the P3P deployment guide at http://www.w3.org/TR/p3pdeployment.
Additional Information
This policy is valid for 1 day from the time that it is loaded by a client.
‡ “Agents” refers to third-parties contracted by Armed Forces Wireless to run aspects of our eCommerce business.
All such agents are contractually bound to obey this privacy policy. Operating on one of the Nation’s Largest 4G LTE Cellular Networks,
our customers enjoy Unlimited Talk, Text and Data at discounted
prices that cannot be found elsewhere.
Facebook-f 
 Twitter 
 Instagram 
 More Links
 Marketing Information 
 Marketing Documents 
 AFM Charities 
 OSOV.org 
HeadquartersLocated in Carlsbad, California, My AFMobile provides affordable and reliable cell phone service to all of America, while also giving back to those who serve to protect it.


 5621 Palmer Way, Unit G, Carlsbad, CA 92010


 888-804-1448


 info@myafmobile.com
 Copyright 2016 © Armed Forces Wireless/Mobile, Inc.
All rights reserved.Terms of Service | Privacy Policy 
      