
         &nbsp.
Privacy Policy &nbsp.
Last Modified: Jun 20, 2012

 INTRODUCTION
Agent Piggy Chile SpA ("Company" or "We") respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.

This policy (together with our Terms of Use and any other documents referred to in it) describes the personal information that we collect from you, or that you provide on this website AgentPiggy.com (our "Website") and how that information may be used or disclosed by us.

This policy does not apply to information collected on any third-party site or by any third-party application that may link to or be accessible from the Website.

Please read the following carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your personal information and how we will treat it.
By using or accessing our Website, you agree to this privacy policy.
This policy may change from time to time and your continued use of the Website is deemed to be acceptance of such changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
 CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13
If we know a visitor is under the age of thirteen, we will collect a parent's permission online (or by postal mail, fax or phone) before we collect, use, store or disclose any personal information supplied by that visitor.
We will also allow parents to review any personal information we may collect from children under 13 and to request that we stop using and delete such information at any time.
If our policies change with regard to personal information that we previously received parental consent to collect, we will notify the parents of the changed policies.
 INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including:


Information you provide to us.
Information we collect as you navigate through the site, including usage details, IP addresses, cookies, and web beacons.
Information we receive from third parties, for example, our business partners.

 INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US
We may collect and use the following information that you provide to us:


Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website.
This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Website, subscribing to our service, posting material or requesting further services.
We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our Website.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfilment of your orders.
You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website.

 USAGE DETAILS, IP ADDRESSES AND COOKIES, AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES

Usage Details and IP Addresses. As you navigate through the Website, we may also collect details of your visits to our Website, including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access, as well as information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers.
This is statistical data about our users' equipment, browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.


Cookies. For the same reason, we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using cookies.
A cookie is a small file stored on the hard drive of your computer.
Use of cookies help us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service by enabling us to:


Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Website.


You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser.
However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website.
Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.


Web Beacons. Pages of the Website may contain electronic images known as web beacons (also referred to as single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company to count users who have visited those pages and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Web beacons are not used to access your personal information on the Website and are only used to compile aggregated statistics concerning use of the Website.

We do not collect personally identifiable information automatically, but we may tie this information to your previously submitted personally identifiable information.
 USER CONTRIBUTIONS
You are responsible for any content, including personal information, that you contribute to be published or displayed (hereinafter, "posted") on the Website, or transmit to other users of the Website (collectively, "User Contributions").
Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to other users of the Website at your own risk.
Although we limit access to certain pages/you may set certain privacy settings for such information by logging into your account profile, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions.
Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
You understand and acknowledge that, even after removal, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other Website users.
Proper access and use of information provided on the Website, including User Contributions, is governed by our Terms of Use and known or suspected violations should be reported to support@agentpiggy.com.
 USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information, in the following ways:


To present our Website and its contents in a suitable and effective manner for you and for your computer.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To notify you about changes to our service.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.


We don't use your information to sell it to advertisers.
 DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose personal information that you provide via this Website to the following third parties:


Our subsidiaries and affiliates.
Contractors and service providers we use to support our business.
To a buyer in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or any other form of sale of some or all of AgentPiggy's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by AgentPiggy about its customers is among the assets transferred.


We may also disclose your personal information to third parties to:


Comply with any court order or other legal obligation.
Enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements.
Protect the rights, property, or safety of AgentPiggy, our customers, or others.
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.

 CHOICES ABOUT HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us.
We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:


Cookies. If you do not wish us to collect cookies, you may set your browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent.
If you do so, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.


Promotional Offers from the Company. If you do not wish to have your e-mail address used for promotional purposes by the Company, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data (the order form).
You can also always opt-out of receiving e-mail information from us other than the e-mail informing you of the completion of user registration, correction of user data, or change of password by logging into the Website and adjusting your user preferences in your account profile by checking or unchecking the relevant boxes or by sending us an e-mail stating your request to support@agentpiggy.com.
If we have sent you a promotional e-mail, you may send us a return e-mail asking to be omitted from future e-mail distributions.
This opt out does not apply to information provided to the Company as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience or other transactions.

You should review this privacy policy carefully, because if you do not agree with our practices, your ultimate choice is not to use the Website.
Remember, by using any part of the Website, you accept and agree to our privacy practices.
If we update this privacy policy, your continued use of the Website (following the posting of the revised privacy policy) means that you accept and agree to the terms of the revised privacy policy.
 ACCESSING AND CORRECTING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION You can review and update your personal information by logging into the Website and visiting your account profile page and making changes.
If you have forgotten your password, once you have tried to register and failed, you can click on the "Forgot your password?" link to reach a page on which you can submit your email address.
A link to reset your password then will be emailed to you.

You may also send us an email at support@agentpiggy.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us.
We cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account.
 DATA SECURITY
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls.
Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology.

The safety and security of your information also depends on you.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Website like message boards.
The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Website.

Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.
Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website.
Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk.
 CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page.
If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we will notify you through a notice on the Website home page.
The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page.
 CONTACT INFORMATION
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
 support@agentpiggy.com &nbsp.
&nbsp.
&nbsp.

      