
        We value your privacyWe and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised ads and content, ad and content measurement, and audience insights, as well as to develop and improve products.With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning.
You may click to consent to our and our partners’ processing as described above.
Alternatively you may access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting or to refuse consenting.Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing.
Your preferences will apply to this website only.
You can change your preferences at any time by returning to this site or visit our privacy policy.MORE OPTIONSAGREE Uhrzeit: 23:54Friday 11/26/2021 
EN
DE
FR
ES
 Airportinfo.live
Flight Statistics
Airport Statistics
Flughäfen weltweit
Darkmode 
 Home &gt.
Terms of Service Website Terms and Conditions of Use
1.
Terms
By accessing this Website, accessible from https://airportinfo.live/, you are agreeing to be bound by these Website Terms and Conditions of Use and agree that you are responsible for the agreement with any applicable local laws.
If you disagree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from accessing this site.
The materials contained in this Website are protected by copyright and trade mark law.
2.
Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials on Airportinfo.live's Website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only.
This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:

modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose or for any public display;
attempt to reverse engineer any software contained on Airportinfo.live's Website;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials.
or
transferring the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.

This will let Airportinfo.live to terminate upon violations of any of these restrictions.
Upon termination, your viewing right will also be terminated and you should destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether it is printed or electronic format.
3.
Disclaimer
All the materials on Airportinfo.live’s Website are provided "as is".
Airportinfo.live makes no warranties, may it be expressed or implied, therefore negates all other warranties.
Furthermore, Airportinfo.live does not make any representations concerning the accuracy or reliability of the use of the materials on its Website or otherwise relating to such materials or any sites linked to this Website.
4.
Limitations
Airportinfo.live or its suppliers will not be hold accountable for any damages that will arise with the use or inability to use the materials on Airportinfo.live’s Website, even if Airportinfo.live or an authorize representative of this Website has been notified, orally or written, of the possibility of such damage.
Some jurisdiction does not allow limitations on implied warranties or limitations of liability for incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5.
Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Airportinfo.live’s Website may include technical, typographical, or photographic errors.
Airportinfo.live will not promise that any of the materials in this Website are accurate, complete, or current.
Airportinfo.live may change the materials contained on its Website at any time without notice.
Airportinfo.live does not make any commitment to update the materials.
6.
Links
Airportinfo.live has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site.
The presence of any link does not imply endorsement by Airportinfo.live of the site.
The use of any linked website is at the user’s own risk.
7.
Site Terms of Use Modifications
Airportinfo.live may revise these Terms of Use for its Website at any time without prior notice.
By using this Website, you are agreeing to be bound by the current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8.
Governing Law
Any claim related to Airportinfo.live's Website shall be governed by the laws of de without regards to its conflict of law provisions. Imprint | Privacy settings |
Privacy
| Terms of Service| Contact
All statements without guarantee.
Errors and omissions excepted.
© 2008-2021 airportinfo.live 






 ×
How do you rate Airportinfo.live? ☆☆☆☆☆ Thank you!Would you support us by rating us at Google? Of course
No thanks Thank you!
What can we do to improve your rating? Send
Close 

