
Alphapaw.com is committed to protecting your privacy online.
To further this commitment, we have adopted an Online Privacy Policy that guides how we collect, store, and use the information collected about you online.

What information does Alphapaw.com collect?
 Alpha Paw may request and/or collect information from you on a voluntary basis when you: register with us, post comments or when you send questions via e-mail to Alphapaw.com customer support.
The requested information may include personal information such as your name and e-mail address.
If you are under the age of 13, you will need your parent or guardian’s consent before you can provide any personal information to us for purposes of registration and other online activities.

Sign up to our Free Newsletter
If you wish to sign up to our free newsletter, you will be asked to supply personal information such as your e-mail address.
With your permission, Alphapaw.com uses such information to periodically contact you with product information news, special offers and/or similar.

E-mail
 By allowing you to send e-mail to us, we are not attempting to collect any personal information about you.
We will only use personal information (such as name and e-mail address) contained in your e-mail to respond to your specific inquiry or comments in the e-mail.
Although we may retain your e-mail for a period of time, we will not use any personal information contained in your e-mail for any purpose other than responding to your specific inquiry or comments.
Whatever the activity may be, we will only collect information to the extent deemed reasonably necessary to fulfil your requests and our legitimate business objectives.

SMS/MMS MOBILE MESSAGING MARKETING PROGRAM
 We respect your privacy.
We will only use information you provide through the Program to transmit your mobile messages and respond to you, if necessary.
This includes, but is not limited to, sharing information with platform providers, phone companies, and other vendors who assist us in the delivery of mobile messages.
WE DO NOT SELL, RENT, LOAN, TRADE, LEASE, OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER FOR PROFIT ANY PHONE NUMBERS OR CUSTOMER INFORMATION COLLECTED THROUGH THE PROGRAM TO ANY THIRD PARTY.
Nonetheless, We reserve the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, to avoid liability, or to protect Our rights or property.
When you complete forms online or otherwise provide Us information in connection with the Program, you agree to provide accurate, complete, and true information.
You agree not to use a false or misleading name or a name that you are not authorized to use.
If, in Our sole discretion, We believe that any such information is untrue, inaccurate, or incomplete, or you have opted into the Program for an ulterior purpose, We may refuse you access to the Program and pursue any appropriate legal remedies.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits Users of the Program that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of the information you provide through the Program to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
To make such a request, please contact us at the following address: Alpha Paw LLC 4120 W Windmill Lane Suite 106 Las Vegas, NV 89139 Email: support@alphapaw.com
This Privacy Policy is strictly limited to the Program and has no effect on any other privacy policy(ies) that may govern the relationship between you and Us in other contexts.

Opt out
 If you are receiving e-mails or regular mail and at a later date you choose to opt out and have your name removed from the e-mailing list, you can do so by using the link included with a Alphapaw.com e-mail.

Accessibility
 Please head here to read our latest notice.

When We Might Disclose Information
 As part of our regular business conduct, we may share information with companies or individuals providing services or acting on our behalf, such as companies providing technological or fulfillment services.
In the event that there is a change of corporate ownership, the new owners will of course be provided with our files, including information you have submitted.
We will also share information with government officials, including law enforcement officials or court authorities, in order to cooperate with a legitimate investigation.
Unless we tell you first (such as at the time we collect information), or unless it is part of a specific program or feature in which you have elected to participate, we do not share personally information that we have collected (such as name or email address) with other, third-party companies for their own commercial or marketing purposes.

Links and Third Parties
 From time to time we may include links to other websites as a service to you.
The third party sites are operated by companies that are outside of our control, and your activities at those sites will be governed by the policies and practices of those third parties.
We encourage you to review the privacy practices of these third parties before disclosing any personally identifiable information, as we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites.
We sometimes work with third parties to add features or advertisements to our Site.
These third parties may place cookies on your browser when you visit certain pages of our Site, or collect cookies that they have previously placed, along with the URL of the page you visited.
We do not control those third parties or their use of data.
In some cases we may provide tools for you to limit data sent to third parties.
This privacy policy does not cover those third parties use of data.
To personalize the Site, and to simplify the registration process, we give you the option to link your account with Facebook/Instagram.
When you link your account, Facebook/Instagram may share data about you with us, and we may share information about you with Facebook.
In addition, Alpha Paw players who are your friends on Facebook/Instagram may be shown your Alpha Paw username if you have both linked your Facebook accounts.

Cookies
 Alphapaw.com may use cookies to improve the use of our websites.
A “cookie” is a small file that websites often store on a user’s computer.
Storage of cookies on your system provides an easy and convenient method for us to personalize your experience on our websites.
For example, cookies allow us to remember your screen name, tell us that you have visited our website before, and may contain information that will make your next visit to our website more enjoyable.
However, we do not use cookies to store personal information such as your name.
In addition, Alphapaw.com does not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally sent in a cookie.
You can always disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer.

IP Addresses
 Alphapaw.com may also collect your IP address for safety and security purposes.
An IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer every time you log on to the Internet.

Log Files
 Other non-personal information collected by Alphapaw.com is in the form of logs – files that record website activity, including how many “hits” a particular web page is getting (a.k.a., “click-through data”).
For example, log file entries are generated every time a visitor clicks the “Home” icon on our site.
These entries enable Alphapaw.com to assess overall site activity, track interest in advertised sales, track interest in purchase behaviour, and troubleshoot technical concerns.
Through the use of log files, we may also collect certain demographic information such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Chrome, FireFox, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using (e.g., Windows or Mac OS), and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., Comcast, AT&T).

Linking to third party sites
 To provide relevant information not found on our websites, Alphapaw.com may provide links from our websites to third party websites and we encourage our users to read third party sites’ privacy policies before submitting personal information.
All the downloads and EXE files provided on this site are from a 3rd party and Alpha Paw is not responsible for any files or adware that gets installed by their games and screen savers.
They are likely to contain several adware products, so download and install at your own risk.
Alpha Paw assumes NO responsibility.
Alphapaw.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of the content of third party sites’ and hereby disclaims any representations or warranties expressed on any other site.

Who is collecting my personal information?
 Any personal information that you disclose while visiting any of our websites is collected by Alphapaw.com, and is used in the manner specified above.

Questions and Complaints
 If you have any questions, complaints or comments regarding our Privacy Policy Statement, please contact us at support@Alphapaw.com By using this site, you signify your assent to the Alphapaw.com Online Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use this site.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy.
Please check back from time to time to ensure that you are aware of these changes.
Your continued use of this site will signify your acceptance of these changes.

Additional Information
 * Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. * Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. * Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website.
These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
