


Terms

Click here to discover more about Altai Balance
 and reveal special discounted offers!

This site is provided to you by Altai Balance. You are granted access to this site only upon the condition that you accept and agree to adhere to the following terms and conditions.
The website's content and the product for sale is based upon the author's opinion and is provided solely on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis.
You should do your own research and confirm the information with other sources when searching for information regarding health issues and always review the information carefully with your professional health care provider before using any of the protocols presented on this website and/or in the product sold here.
ClickBank is the retailer of products on this site.
Neither ClickBank nor the author are engaged in rendering medical or similar professional services or advice via this website or in the product, and the information provided is not intended to replace medical advice offered by a physician or other licensed healthcare provider.
You should not construe ClickBank's sale of this product as an endorsement by ClickBank of the views expressed herein, or any warranty or guarantee of any strategy, recommendation, treatment, action, or application of advice made by the author of the product.

1.
Acceptance of Terms and Conditions. By using our site or the services you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions.
In addition, you consent to the use of your Personal Information in accordance with the terms of and for the purposes set out in the Privacy Policy.
This is a legally binding agreement.

2.
Purpose of Use. The information on this site is for educational purposes only.
The information provided should not replace the advice given by your physician or health care professional.
You should consult your personal physician before beginning an exercise or specialized nutrition program.
The information you provide is only used by altaiscience.com for the purposes of calculating your nutrition needs, providing meal and supplement plans and presenting exercise routines.
Your personal information will not be shared or sold with unrelated entities without your prior consent.
As a condition of your using this information, you represent that you are at least eighteen years of age and have the legal authority to accept the terms and conditions, are in good mental health, do not suffer from any mental or physical condition or disability which might render your participation hazardous to yourself or to others, or which would impair your ability to understand this health release.
You understand and agree that the benefits you obtain may vary depending on many factors, including the accuracy of the information you provide, changes in your health and lifestyle habits, and compliance with the program.
You understand and agree that it is your responsibility to consult with your physician regarding any food allergies that you may have, any drug interactions you may have with supplements, and to check the ingredients in all recipes presented.
You understand and agree that if you are on any medications or currently being treated for any illness or condition that you may participate in this program only after consultation with your health practitioner.

3.
Security and Technology Requirements. Altai Balance uses SSL technology on some web-site pages to help protect information that passes over the Internet.
You must have certain browser capability to take advantage of this encryption technology.

4.
Disclaimer of Warranties. The use of the site and services is solely at your own risk.
The site and services are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis.
Altai Balance disclaims all warranties of any kind with respect to the site and services, including any medical or health information, health condition information and fitness for a particular purpose or goal.
Altai Balance makes no warranty that the site or services will meet your requirements, or will be uninterrupted, secure, current, accurate, and complete or error free or that results may be obtained by the use of the site or services will be accurate or reliable.
You understand and acknowledge that your only solution with respect to any dissatisfaction with the site or services is to discontinue the use of the site or services.

5.
Health Disclaimers. Any references to physical or mental health on this website constitutes an educational service consisting solely of general health information.
The materials are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind either express or implied.
(i) Not a Substitute for Professional Medical Advice or Treatment.
The website’s content is not a substitute for direct, personal, professional medical care and diagnosis.
None of the exercises or methods (including products and services) mentioned at altaiscience.com should be performed or otherwise used without clearance from your physician or health care provider.
The information contained within is not intended to provide specific physical or mental health advice, or any other advice whatsoever, for any individual or company and should not be relied upon in that regard.
We are not medical professionals and nothing on this website should be misconstrued to mean otherwise.
(ii) Health Risks.
There may be risks associated with participating in activities mentioned on altaiscience.com for people in poor health or with pre-existing physical or mental health conditions.
Because these risks exist, you will not participate in such activities if you are in poor health or have a pre-existing mental or physical condition.
If you choose to participate in these risks, you do so of your own free will and accord, knowingly and voluntarily assuming all risks associated with such activities.
(iii) Accuracy and Completeness.
Facts and information are believed to be accurate at the time they were placed in altaiscience.com.
All data provided in this website is to be used for information purposes only.
Products and services described are only offered in jurisdictions where they may be legally offered.
Information provided is not all-inclusive, and is limited to information that is made available and such information should not be relied upon as all-inclusive or accurate.
(iv) Injuries.
You agree to hold Altai Balance, altaiscience.com, its owners, agents, and employees harmless from any and all liability for all claims for damages due to injuries, including attorney fees and costs, incurred by you or caused to third parties by you, arising out of the activities discussed on this website, excepting only claims for gross negligence or intentional tort.

The products and claims made about specific products on or through this Site have not been evaluated by the United States Food and Drug Administration and are not approved to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent disease.
This Site ("altaiscience.com") is not intended to provide diagnosis, treatment or medical advice.
Products, services, information and other content provided on this Site, including information that may be provided on this Site directly or by linking to third-party websites are provided for informational purposes only.
Please consult with a physician or other healthcare professional regarding any medical or health related diagnosis or treatment options.
Information provided on this Site and linked websites, including information relating to medical and health conditions, treatments and products may be provided in summary form.
Information on this Site including any product label or packaging should not be considered as a substitute for advice from a healthcare professional.
This Site does not recommend self-management of health issues.
Information on this Site is not comprehensive and does not cover all diseases, ailments, physical conditions or their treatment.
Contact your healthcare professional promptly should you have any health related questions.
Never disregard or delay medical advice based upon information you may have read on this Site.
You should not use the information or services on this Site to diagnose or treat any health issues or for prescription of any medication or other treatment.
You should always consult with your healthcare professional and read information provided by the product manufacture and any product label or packaging, prior to using any medication, nutritional, herbal or homeopathic product or before beginning any exercise or diet program or starting any treatment for a health issue.
Individuals are different and may react differently to different products.
You should consult your physician about interactions between medications you are taking and nutritional supplements.
Comments made in any forums on this Site by employees or Site users are strictly their own personal views made in their own personal capacity and are not claims made by us or do they represent the position or view of the oweners of this Site.
Product ratings by any current or previous employees or Site users are strictly their own personal views made in their own personal capacity and are not intended as a substitute for appropriate medical care or advice from a healthcare professional.
Always check the product label or packaging prior to using any product.
If there are discrepancies, customers should follow the information provided on the product label or packaging.
You should contact the manufacturer directly for clarification as to product labeling and packaging details and recommended use.
Owners of this Site are not liable for any information provided on this Site with regard to recommendations regarding supplements for any health purposes.
The products or claims made about specific nutrients or products have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration.
Dietary products are not intended to treat, prevent or cure disease.
Consult with a healthcare professional before starting any diet, supplement or exercise program.
Owners of this Site make no guarantee or warranty with respect to any products or services sold.


6.
Testimonials, Case Studies, and Examples. Testimonials, case studies, and examples found at altaiscience.com are exceptional results, do not reflect the typical purchaser’s experience, don’t apply to the average person and are not intended to represent or guarantee that anyone will achieve the same or similar results.
You should always perform due diligence and not take such results at face value.
We are not responsible for any errors or omissions in typical results information supplied to us by manufacturers or other reputable third parties.
Brian Cooper, derivatives of, and other names stated or used on this website are pen name used to protect the authors of this product.
Any likeness to any persons living or dead named Brian Cooper or other names or derivatives is entirely coincidental.
To protect the identity of the authors of this product and it's affiliates and partners we currently are, or may in the future use actors and/or voice actors to renact real customer testimonials or circumstances provided to us and to present our products.

7.
Exclusions and Limitation of Liability. You expressly understand and agree that Altai Balance and Altai Balance shall not be liable to you or any other person for any damages, direct, indirect, consequential or incidental, including without limitation damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use data loss or other losses resulting from:

any link provided in connection with the services,
your reliance on any of the services,
the interruption, suspension, termination of any of the services,
any viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other property on account of your use of the site, or
any matter otherwise related to your use of the site or services.


8.
Refund Policy. Your purchase is fully protected by a 180 day, 100% money-back return policy.
In order to obtain a refund under this policy, you must follow the instructions found in our Shipping and Returns Policy.
You can contact our retailer ClickBank for billing and refund support at https://www.clkbank.com, or contact the vendor, Altai Balance by emailing contact@altaiscience.com.

9.
Conduct on the Site. You agree not to use the site or services:(a) to email or otherwise transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other code, files or programs designed or known to disable, interrupt, or limit the functionality of any hardware, software, telecommunications equipment or facilities.
(b) To interfere with the site or services in any manner that may adversely affect Altai Balance or third party.

10.
No Resale of Services. You agree to use the services solely for your own needs.
You agree to not offer the services to any third party.
You are not permitted to use any portion of the site or services to provide any commercial services or third parties.

11.
Rules for Children under age 18. This product is for adults aged 18 and over only.
No children are to watch, read or follow any of the material found on this website.

12.
Intellectual Property. The Content of this service is owned by Altai Balance and is protected by the United States Copyright Act of 1976, as amended, and the copyright laws of other countries.

13.
Links. Any links found on the Altai Balance web site are provided for your convenience and do not reflect any endorsement by Altai Balance with respect to the quality, reliability or any other characteristic or feature of such linked site.
Altai Balance is not responsible for any loss or injury you may suffer for any matter associated with the linked site.

14.
Changes. Altai Balance reserves the right to make changes to the terms and conditions.
Any changes will be posted on this Site.
Altai Balance reserves the right to add to or change or discontinue the services offered at any time.
Altai Balance may terminate your use of the services at any time for any reason without notice and shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification or discontinuance of the services.
Altai Balance reserves the right to refuse to offer services to anyone at any time.

15.
Entire Agreement. These terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and Altai Balance relating to the site and services.
By your use of this site, you certify that you: (i) have read and agree to the above terms.
(ii) have received consent from your personal physician to use the services and participate in the prescribed activities.
and (iii) acknowledge that you do so voluntarily and at your own risk.
You hereby agree to release and hold harmless Altai Balance, their affiliates, and their respective directors, officers and employees, from any liability for any injury or adverse reaction which you may experience, or any other claims or damages which may arise from your use of the site or services or products.

Click here to discover more about Altai Balance
 and reveal special discounted offers!
For Product Support Email
contact@altaiscience.com

For Order Support Visit
clkbank.com


† Statements found on this website have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration.
Products on this website are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.
If you are pregnant, nursing, taking medication, or have a medical condition, consult your physician before using our products.

ClickBank is the retailer of products on this site.
CLICKBANK® is a registered trademark of Click Sales, Inc., a Delaware corporation located at 1444 S.
Entertainment Ave., Suite 410 Boise, ID 83709, USA and used by permission.
ClickBank's role as retailer does not constitute an endorsement, approval or review of these products or any claim, statement or opinion used in promotion of these products. Terms
Privacy
Shipping
Affiliates 
      