







Copy Link 


Facebook 


Twitter 


LinkedIn 


E-Mail 
 Privacy Effective Date: November 2018

Last Updated: December 19, 2019

Altria Group is the parent company of Philip Morris USA, U.S.
Smokeless Tobacco Company, John Middleton, Helix Innovations and Philip Morris Capital Corporation.
This notice applies to each of the following Altria Group corporate websites: Altria Group (altria.com), Philip Morris USA (philipmorrisusa.com), U.S.
Smokeless Tobacco Company (ussmokeless.com), John Middleton Co.
(johnmiddletonco.com), Helix Innovations (onnicotine.com) and Philip Morris Capital Corporation (philipmorriscapitalcorp.com) (collectively, the "Altria Corporate Websites").
We at Altria Group, along with our operating companies (collectively, "Altria"), respect your privacy and value the relationship we have with you.
This Privacy Statement describes the types of personal information we may collect on the Altria Corporate Websites, how we may use that information, and with whom we may share it.
Our Privacy Statement also describes the measures we take to protect the security of the information you provide to us through the Altria Corporate Websites.
We also tell you how you can reach us to update your contact information, unsubscribe from receiving emails from us, or answer any questions you may have about our privacy practices.


Click on one of the links below to jump to the listed section:

Information We Collect and How We Use It
Contact Us 
Email Alert Service 
Email a Page 
Webcasts 
Investor Tools 
Supplier Diversity Business Profile 
Surveys
Information We Gather Automatically
Cookies and Web Beacons
Online Analytics, Tracking and Interest-Based Advertising
Information We Share 
Links to Other Sites 
Security 
Your Choices
Updates to this Privacy Statement 
Notice to California Residents
How to Contact Us 

 
Information We Collect and How We Use It
Altria collects personal information from you (such as your name, address, telephone number and email address) only if you provide it to us.
You may choose to do so, for example, by registering on the Altria Corporate Websites to receive Email Alerts or by providing information when you contact us through a "Contact Us" page.
Listed below are the ways we collect personal information about you, the types of information we collect and how we use it.
Contact Us
You may choose to communicate with us through a "Contact Us" page.
We ask for your email address and name in order to reply to your message.
Email Alerts Service
If you sign up to receive Email Alerts from us, we ask you to provide personal information such as your email address so we can send you the emails you have requested.
Email a Page
The Altria Corporate Websites provide you with the ability to email pages found on the sites.
If you would like to email a page, we ask you to provide certain information such as your name and email address along with the email address of the recipient.
Webcasts

From time to time, we provide webcast services through altria.com.
If you choose to register for one of these webcasts, we ask you to provide certain information, such as your name and email address, so you may participate in the webcast.
Investor Tools

In the Investors section of altria.com, we offer Investor Tools (such as Share Price Lookup, Total Return Calculator and Dividend Calculator) that allow you to view Altria Group stock information based on criteria you provide.
We do not collect any personally identifiable information when you use Investor Tools.
Surveys

From time to time, we may ask you to complete a survey to better understand your opinions.
We don't collect any personal information about you when you respond to an online survey unless you specifically provide it to us.
  Information We Gather Automatically
When you visit the Altria Corporate Websites, your browser automatically sends us certain information about your use of the Altria Corporate Websites, such as the Internet Protocol (IP) address and type of the device you're using, web browser characteristics, language preferences, referring/exit pages, clickstream data, and the dates and times of visits to the Altria Corporate Websites.
We collect this information through the use of cookies and web beacons to better understand how visitors use the Altria Corporate Websites and for other purposes described in this Privacy Statement. Cookies and Web Beacons
Cookies are small text files that websites often place on the computer hard drives of visitors to their sites.
A cookie contains a unique number, which is used to recognize your computer when a user of your computer returns to a website that was visited previously.
Web beacons (also known as Internet tags, pixel tags and clear GIFs) are Internet tools that help us determine, for example, whether a website page has been viewed.
We use cookies and web beacons to enhance the online experience of our visitors and to better understand how the Altria Corporate Websites are used.
Cookies and web beacons may tell us, for example, whether you have visited the Altria Corporate Website before or if you are a new visitor.
You can manage cookies through your web browser.
Most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable existing cookies.
You can find out how to do this for your particular browser by clicking "help" on your browser's menu or by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org.
The Altria Corporate Websites are not designed to respond to "do not track" requests from browsers.
  Online Analytics Services, Tracking and Interest-Based Advertising
We use third-party web analytics services on the Altria Corporate Websites, such as those of Google Analytics.
The analytics providers that administer these services use technologies such as cookies to help us analyze how visitors use the Altria Corporate Websites.
The information collected through these means (including IP address) is disclosed to these analytics providers to help us evaluate use of the Altria Corporate Websites and diagnose technical issues.
To learn about how Google Analytics collects and processes data and the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, you can visit https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/181881?hl=en and https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites.

When you visit the Altria Corporate Websites, we and certain third parties may obtain personal information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites and other online services.
On the Altria Corporate Websites, both we and our advertising partners may collect information about your online activities to provide you about Altria and its companies.
We will not provide you information that markets the companies' products to you.
You may see our ads on other websites or mobile apps because we participate in advertising networks.
Ad networks allow us to target our messaging to users considering demographic data, users' inferred interests and browsing context.
These networks track users' online activities over time by collecting information through automated means, including through the use of browser cookies, device identifiers, and other similar technologies.
The networks use this information to show ads that may be tailored to individuals' interests, to track users' browsers or devices across multiple websites and apps, and to build a profile of users' online browsing and app usage activities.
The information our ad networks may collect includes data about users' visits to websites and apps that participate in the relevant ad networks, such as the pages or ads viewed and the actions taken on the websites or apps.
This data collection takes place both on the Altria Corporate Websites and on third-party websites and apps that participate in the ad networks.
This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.

To learn how to opt out of ad network interest-based advertising in the U.S., please visit both www.aboutads.info/choices and http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
  Information We Share
Altria does not sell or rent personal information about our visitors to third parties, except as described in this Privacy Statement or otherwise at the time of collection.
Under certain circumstances, we may share your personal information as described below.
To fulfill your requests or respond to your questions or concerns, we may share information you provide throughout the Altria Corporate Websites with other Altria operating companies, affiliates or companies in which we have an economic interest.

 
These companies, which may also have subsidiaries, include:

Altria Group
Altria Client Services
Philip Morris USA
U.S.
Smokeless Tobacco Company
John Middleton
Helix Innovations
Philip Morris Capital Corporation

 
We also share information provided by our visitors with service providers that have been retained to perform services on Altria's behalf or on behalf of our affiliates or companies in which we have an economic interest.
In addition, we may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law or in connection with litigation, (ii) in response to a request from law enforcement authorities or other government officials, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity.
We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets.
Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use personal information you have provided through this website in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Statement.
  Links to Other Sites
The Altria Corporate Websites contain links to other websites, some of which are operated by Altria and others of which are operated by third parties.
We provide these links solely for your convenience and information.
These sites may have their own privacy notices, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked websites.
We are not responsible for the content of these sites, any products or services that may be offered through these sites, or any other use of these sites.
  Security
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards for the Altria Corporate Websites to protect against unauthorized disclosure, use, alteration or destruction of the information you provide on these sites.
  Your Choices
If you register for our Email Alerts Service, you will receive the communications that you've requested.
You may review the information you provided or unsubscribe from the service by visiting the Email Alerts page.
If you have other questions about information that you have provided to us, you may contact us by email or regular mail, as described below in "How to Contact Us."
  Updates to this Privacy Notice
We may change or update portions of this Privacy Statement at any time and without prior notice to you.
Please check back from time to time so you are aware of any changes or updates to the notice.
For significant changes, we will post a notice on the Altria Corporate Website.
We will indicate at the top of the Privacy Statement when it was most recently updated.
  Notice to California Residents
For information regarding your California privacy rights, Please click to view the California Privacy Policy.
  How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about our Privacy Statement, feel free to Contact Us by phone or email.
You may also write to us at:
Altria Client Services LLC
Corporate Communications
6601 West Broad Street
Richmond, VA 23230
