
         www.alviy.com 
 DNS services Хостинг DNS
DNS Secondary 
Цены
 Info Помощь
Premium
Подать жалобу Документация 


 Вход

 ru
 Privacy policy
This Personal Information Privacy Policy (hereinafter – Policy) applies to all information about the user of Alviy services, including website https://alviy.com and local application clients using API interface.
The user’s consent to provide personal information given under this Policy.

By using the Alviy Services the user expresses unconditional agreement with this Policy and the conditions of processing personal information contained herein.
if the user does not agree with these conditions, the user should not use the Services.


1.
Personal Information scope
 1.1 Personal information provided by the user during registration.
Personal information provided by the user include email and login.
Information required for the provision of the Services is marked respectively.
Other information shall be provided by the user at his/her own discretion.
 1.2 Automatically transfered information by the user's device software includeing, but not limited to, IP address, cookies, the user’s browser details, time of access.

2.
Data collecting purpose
2.1 Alviy only collects and stores personal details required for the Services ability.

2.2 We never provide personal data of our users or access to them for state organization or third parties. 3.
How we protect user privacy
 3.1 All data provided by users is confidential initially.
Alviy will therefore always apply technical and organizational data security measures for the protection of user private information that are adequate and appropriate, taking into account the concrete risks resulting from the processing of personal data as well as up-to-date security standards and procedures.
 4.
Feedback.
Questions and Suggestions Any questions or suggestions regarding this Policy should be sent to the Alviy support service (support@alviy.com) or to LLC Alviy, Presnenskaya emb., 10/3, Moscow, 123112.
© 2021 LLC Alviy 





 Abuse |
Privacy |
Legal 
© 2022
All Rights Reserved.

