
         Features Features Architecture Network and security Stack SLA Elastic Backups HTTP Cache VPN Tasks &amp.
services Statistics API Domains Emails Marketplace SSH/SFTP SSL/TLS Working together Administration and Support Billing Plans Public Cloud One Cloud for All Catalyst Your Private Cloud by alwaysdata Technologies Languages PHP Python Java Ruby Node.js Go Scala Erlang Elixir Lua User program Databases MySQL/MariaDB PostgreSQL CouchDB RabbitMQ Redis Elasticsearch Memcached Help Login Sign up 


English
Français
 Back Public Cloud Catalyst Your Private Cloud by alwaysdata Features Architecture Network and security Stack SLA Elastic Backups HTTP Cache VPN Tasks &amp.
services Statistics API Domains Emails Marketplace SSH/SFTP SSL/TLS Administration and support Billing Technologies Languages Databases Help Sign up Login PHP Python Java Ruby Node.js Go Scala Erlang Elixir Lua User program MySQL/MariaDB PostgreSQL CouchDB RabbitMQ Redis Elasticsearch Memcached Legal notices Terms and conditions 
alwaysdata specifies the Terms and Conditions of its services in the following signed documents:

Term of uses
Special conditions (gold hosting)
Special conditions (VPS hosting)
Special conditions (shared hosting)
Special conditions (dedicated hosting)
Special conditions (affiliation)
 Publisher &amp.
Hosting ALWAYSDATA, SARL with capital of €200,000 listed in the Paris companies register under number 492 893 490 with its head office at 91 rue du Faubourg Saint Honoré, 75008 Paris, France.

Publication Director: Mr.
Nicolas FERRARI
 Free Shared PaaS Environment 
alwaysdata is free to suspend or delete any Free Shared PaaS Environment that does not respect the rules above. Intellectual property rights ALWAYSDATA is the exclusive owner of the intellectual property rights to the website and its creations, whether visual or audio, especially including text, comments, illustrations, source codes, images and photograph, as well as its databases and it is the sole producer of the latter.
ALWAYSDATA has also integrated into its website visual items owned by third parties, covered by an agreed use license.
All of these intellectual creations are protected by copyright, trademarks, and generics law on databases and image rights worldwide.
ALWAYSDATA is a trademark filed with INPI under number 3.637.314.
These creations are the sole property of ALWAYSDATA.
However, the company grants Internet users a license allowing them to display the website content, for their personal use only as part of the viewing of the website and the services proposed therein.
This license excludes any right to modify, copy, translate, circulate, publish, transmit, distribute, produce, display and reproduce any content appearing on the website and via the website, or to transfer the rights.
In this respect and compliance with the French Intellectual Copyright Code (Code de la Propriété Intellectuelle), only personal use, subject to any different or more restrictive conditions of said code, shall be authorized.
Please note that any hypertext link through framing or deep linking is strictly prohibited.
Any other use constitutes infringement and is punishable under Intellectual Copyright law unless authorized beforehand by ALWAYSDATA.
ALWAYSDATA strictly forbids any form of copying, in full or in part, or reproduction of the database produced and operated for the website without prior authorization in writing from ALWAYSDATA.
Any reproduction of photographs, texts, logos and distinctive signs featured on the website constitutes an infringement, which may lead to prosecution.
Offenders may be prosecuted (under civil and criminal law) and may incur the penalties specified in articles L.
335.2, L.
343.4 and L.713-2 of the French Intellectual Copyright code (Code de la Propriété Intellectuelle).
The User undertakes, in a general manner, to comply with applicable laws in France. Data Protection (Informatique et libertés) - Privacy The collection and processing of the Internet user’s data by ALWAYSDATA have been declared to the CNIL under number 1226053.
The finality of the personal data voluntarily provided by the Internet users on the website via the “Contact” and “Abuse” modules is to enable the Internet user to be contacted quickly by ALWAYSDATA.
Internet users are informed that the login data or data relating to the user’s browsing of the website are collected (browsing data) automatically by a statistics and audience measurement software program.
This information is collected solely for statistical analysis and website internal optimization purposes.
By application of articles 39 and 40 of the French data protection law (Informatique et Libertés) dated 6 January 1978, modified by law 2004-801 dated 6 August 2004, we inform Internet users of their right to access, correct, modify and delete personal data.
If you want to encrypt data to be transmitted to us, or to protect your communications with our team, we strongly recommend that you use the 0xDFDD2138A363986B public GPG key Resources Administration Servers status Documentation Changelog Blog API Translation More Open source Bug Bounty Alwaysdata Academic Cloud Abuse Transparency Cookies management Green IT Legal notices Join us ❤️ Support us All rights reserved, alwaysdata 
      