
         Antisip - SIP Services Home Connect FAQ Donate BTC sip.antisip.com 
More than 236946 registered users.
TLS with SNI and valid certificate.
Websocket access.
Inter domain routing.
STUN, TURN server available.
Voicemail services.
 Antisip Privacy Policy This privacy policy will explain how our organization uses the personal data we collect from you when you use our website. What data do we collect Antisip SARL collects the following data:

Personal identification information (Name, email address, phone number, postal address)
We save the IP address used to register to the SIP service.
We maintain call history when you use the SIP service.
 How do we collect your data? You directly provide Antisip SARL with most of the data we collect.
We collect data and process data when you:

Register online to use our services.
Use or view our website via your browser’s cookies.
Use the sip services (For the purpose of call history only)

Antisip SARL may also receive your data indirectly from the following sources:

None
 How will we use your data? Antisip SARL collects your data so that we can:

Manage your account.
Email you about our services.
Email you the received voicemails.

We do not share your data with anyone. How do we store your data? Antisip SARL securely stores your data on a private server hosted by ovh and only access it in a secure way.
Antisip SARL will keep your history data for a year.
Once this time period has expired, we will delete your data. Marketing Antisip SARL will not use your personal data for marketing.
If you have agreed to receive marketing, you may always opt out at a later date.
You have the right at any time to stop Antisip SARL from contacting you for marketing purposes or giving your data to other members of the Antisip SARL Group.
If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please contact us. What are your data protection rights? Antisip SARL would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights.
Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access – You have the right to request Antisip SARL for copies of your personal data.
We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that Antisip SARL correct any information you believe is inaccurate.
You also have the right to request Antisip SARL to complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that Antisip SARL erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that Antisip SARL restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to Antisip SARL’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that Antisip SARL transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email:

Email us at: amoizard@gmail.com
Call us: +33632512586
Or write to us at: Antisip SARL, 118 Rue Saint Georges, 69005 LYON, FRANCE
 Cookies Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information.
When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology
For further information, visit allaboutcookies.org. How do we use cookies? Antisip SARL uses cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our website, including:

Keeping you signed in
No other usage
 What types of cookies do we use? There are a number of different types of cookies, however, our website uses:
Functionality – Antisip SARL uses these cookies so that we recognize you on our website and remember your previously selected preferences.
These could include what language you prefer and location you are in.
A mix of first-party and third-party cookies are used. How to manage cookies You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and the above website tells you how to remove cookies from your browser.
However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result. Privacy policies of other websites The Antisip SARL website contains links to other websites.
Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy. Changes to our privacy policy Antisip SARL keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page.
This privacy policy was last updated on 23 May 2018. How to contact us If you have any questions about Antisip SARL’s privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.

Email us at: amoizard@gmail.com
Call us: +33632512586
Or write to us at: Antisip SARL, 118 Rue Saint Georges, 69005 LYON, FRANCE
 How to contact the appropriate authority Should you wish to report a complaint or if you feel that Antisip SARL has not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, you may contact the Information Commissioner’s Office.

Call us: +33632512586
Or write to us at: Antisip SARL, 118 Rue Saint Georges, 69005 LYON, FRANCE

Antisip SARL.
 118, Rue Saint Georges, 69005 LYON FRANCE
Aymeric Moizard
 amoizard_at_gmail.com
P: +33 6 32 51 25 86 Back to top
© 2017 Antisip SARL.
· Privacy Terms
