
         USER AGREEMENT TERMS AND DEFINITIONS Company Website - the site located in the Internet at the following address: anti-captcha.com.
All rights to the site (its content, graphics and other elements) owned by Anticaptcha Development LP (Unit 111331, Ground Floor, 300 Bloomsbury street, London, WC1B 3QJ, United Kingdom)
Service Companies - automatic recognition of graphic files and graphic puzzle tasks (CAPTCHA) provided by the Company on the Site.
ANTICAPTCHA DEVELOPMENT LP, hereinafter called “Company” offers the user to use the services located on the Site under the terms set forth in this User Agreement (the Agreement).
1.
GENERAL PROVISIONS 1.1.
The Agreement shall enter into force on the date of posting it on the Company website.
Changes made by the Company in the Agreement shall enter into force after 5 (five) calendar days from the date of posting on its website of the new version of the Agreement.
The user must periodically review current version of the Agreement.
1.1.1.
Current version of the Agreement is always posted on the Company website http://anti-captcha.com/tos_en.html.
1.2.
User accepts the terms of the Agreement:
1.2.1.
By ticking "read and agree to the terms of the agreement" during the registration at the Company website.
1.2.2.
Or starting use of the the service (its separate functions) located on the Company website.
1.3.
If the user does not agree with the terms of this Agreement, it shall immediately cease using the services of the Company.
2.
DESCRIPTION OF SERVICE 2.1.
The company provides a service for automatic recognition of graphics files and graphic puzzle tasks (CAPTCHA).
2.2.
The cost of detection specified in the Tariffs of the Company http://anti-captcha.com/
2.3.
After registration on the Company website user receives an e-mail with a specified key and the password used in the future.
2.4.
If necessary, user enters the password in the key window which requires recognition and company service will automatically recognize the file (enter the answer.)
2.5.
The average recognition time does not exceed 60 seconds.
Recognition time can be increased depending on the complexity CAPTCHA or technical problems in the service.
3.
USER REGISTRATION 3.1.
In the process of filling out the registration form user chooses the Username and Password, required for subsequent access to personal account, as well as information data, including (a secret question and answer) allowing to restore access to a personal account.
3.2.
While registration user enters the following information: contact email address, username and password.
3.3.
The data specified upon registration are free for public access.
The company does not validate information provided by users, does not have any liabilities to any third parties for the accuracy and reliability of data provided by the user and does not consider provided data as personal data.
3.4.
The user is solely responsible for the security of login and password, as well as the supplied key - password for use of the Service.
3.5.
Actions made by using the username and password (key-password) are considered as actions made by the user.
3.6.
User agrees to:
- Immediately notify the Company of any unauthorized use of your User password or account or any other breach of security.
- To exit from account (end each session by using "Exit" button) at the end of the Service.
4.
PAYMENT 4.1.
Payment for use of the Service shall be done according to the tariffs of the Company listed on the site at http://anti-captcha.com/.
4.2.
To start work with the Service User should have a positive balance.
In the case of zero (negative) balance, Company has the right to temporarily block access to services.
4.3.
The balance is replenished by the means indicated on the Company website http://anti-captcha.com/clients/finance/refill
4.4.
Funds unused by User are non-refundable.
4.5.
Funds for incorrectly recognized CAPTCHAs are not the subject for refund.
5.
RESTRICTIONS.
RESPONSIBILITY 5.1.
The Company is not responsible for any loss or damage of data, as well as other consequences of any nature that may be due to the User violation of the provisions 3.4.
of this Agreement.
5.2.
The user uses a service company at his own risk.
Service shall be provided "as is".
The Company does not assume any responsibility, including compliance with the objectives of the service user.
5.3.
Company does not guarantee that:
- The service corresponds to / will meet User's requirements.
Service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error free.
5.4.
The Company shall not be liable to the user and (or) any third party for any type of damages resulting from the use of the User service / Company website or parts / functions.
5.5.
User has no right to use the service / Company website for illegal purposes including for damage to third parties (including government agencies), violations of law in Russia, Cyprus, the USA or other countries including for:
5.5.1.
uploading, posting, transmitting or any other kind of publication of materials that are unlawful, harmful, threatening, offending morality, defamatory, infringing copyrights and other intellectual property rights, propagandizing hatred and / or discrimination against people on racial, ethnic, sexual, social discrimination and violation of accepted norms and ethics of communication on the Internet.
5.5.2.
violations of the rights of minors and / or harming them in any form, including the moral.
5.5.3.
infringement of the rights of minority groups.
5.5.4.
uploading, posting, transmitting or any other way of publishing material that shall not make available under any law or pursuant to any agreements with third parties.
5.5.5.
uploading, posting, transmitting or any other way of publishing material that violates any of the rights of third parties, including the right to trademarks (service marks), trade secrets, and / or breach of any other rights of third party intellectual property persons.
5.5.6.
uploading, posting, transmitting or any other kind of publication is not permitted in a special way of advertising media, including the massive, unauthorized and / or the expected recipients of unsolicited advertising mailings, including the origin, with a large number of repetitions of the same mailing address ( "Spam"), as well as sending repeated messages to one recipient, not agreed with him.
5.5.7.
other violations.
The Company is not responsible for any breach by User of this paragraph of the Agreement.
6.
OTHER PROVISIONS 6.1.
The company has the right to install any additional requirements and restrictions in relation to registration on the Site and use of the Service.
6.2.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Cyprus law, regardless of the location of the user.
Matters not regulated by this Agreement shall be settled in accordance with the laws of the United Kindom.
All possible disputes arising from relations governed by this Agreement shall be resolved in accordance with the laws of the Cyprus, according to the norms of Cyprus law.
6.3.
Inaction by the Company in case of violation of the provisions of the User Agreement does not preclude the Company the right to take appropriate actions to protect its interests later, as well as the Company does not constitute a waiver of its rights in case of a subsequent similar or similar breaches.

      