
         Any.do Cookies Policy  We use cookies and similar files or technologies to automatically collect and store information about your computer, device, and Site usage, in order to improve their performance and enhance your user experience.
We use the general term "cookies" in this policy to refer to these technologies and all such similar technologies that collect information automatically when you are using our Site where this policy is posted.
You can find out more about cookies and how to control them in the information below.

If you do not accept the use of these cookies, please disable them using the instructions in this cookie policy or by changing your browser settings so that cookies from this Site cannot be placed on your computer or mobile device.
Important: disabling cookies on this site may seriously cripple the user experience and other features on the Site and Services, to the point of rendering them useless.
In this Cookies Policy, we use the term Any.do (and "we", "us" and "our") to refer to Any.do Inc.
Our Privacy Policy is available at https://www.any.do/legal/privacy-policy and our Terms of Service are available at https://www.any.do/legal/app-license-agreement.
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Cookies Policy have the same meaning given in our Terms and Conditions. What is a cookie? Cookies are computer files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website.
Cookies can then be sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognizes that cookie.
Cookies are widely used in order to make websites work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improving the user experience.
Cookies may tell us, for example, whether you have visited our Site before or whether you are a new visitor.
There are two broad categories of cookies: 


First party cookies, served directly by us to your computer or mobile device.

Third party cookies, which are served by a third party on our behalf.
We use third party cookies for functionality, performance / analytics, and social media purposes 



Cookies can remain on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time.
Some cookies are 'session cookies', meaning that they exist only while your browser is open.
These are deleted automatically once you close your browser.
Other cookies are 'permanent cookies', meaning that they survive after your browser is closed.
They can be used by websites to recognize your computer when you open your browser and browse the Internet again.
We may also use web beacon or other similar cookie technologies.
When a visitor accesses our Site, a non-identifiable notice of that visit is generated which may be processed by us or by third parties.
These web beacons usually work in conjunction with cookies.
If you don't want your cookie information to be associated with your visits to these pages, you can set your browser to turn off cookies as described further below.
If you turn off cookies, web beacon and other technologies will still detect your visits to our Site.
however, they will not be associated with information otherwise stored in cookies. How do we use cookies? We use cookies to: 

track traffic flow and patterns of travel in connection with our Site;
understand the total number of visitors to our sites on an ongoing basis and the types of internet browsers (e.g.
Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Internet Explorer) and operating systems (e.g.
Windows or Mac) used by our visitors.

monitor the performance of our Site and to continually improve it.
and
customize and enhance your online experience.



 We may also use a third party called Google Analytics to gather general information about how people use our website for the purposes of website optimization and analytics.
To find out more about Google Analytics' privacy policies, please visit https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ 
We, or our third-party mail service providers, may also include web beacons in e-mail messages to you in order to determine whether messages have been opened and links contained within them have been clicked. What types of cookies do we use?  The types of cookies used by us and our partners in connection with the Site can be classified into one of three categories, namely 'essential website cookies', 'functionality cookies', and 'analytics and performance cookies'.
We've set out some further information about each category, and the purposes of the cookies we and third parties set in the following table.


Cookies necessary for essential website purposes

 These cookies are essential to provide you with services available through this Site and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas.
Without these cookies, services you have asked for, like transactional pages and secure login accounts, would not be possible.


Functionality Cookies

Functionality cookies record information about choices you’ve made and allow us to tailor the website to you.
These cookies mean that when you continue to use or come back to the Site, we can provide you with our services as you have asked for them to be provided.
For example, these cookies allow us to:



Save your location preference if you have set your location on the homepage in order to receive a localized information.

Remember settings you have applied, such as layout, text size, preferences, and colors;
Show you when you are logged in.
and
Store accessibility options.




Performance / Analytics Cookies

We use performance/analytics cookies to analyze how the website is accessed, used, or is performing in order to provide you with a better user experience and to maintain, operate and continually improve the website.
For example, these cookies allow us to:



Better understand our website visitors so that we can improve how we present our content;
Test different design ideas for particular pages, such as our homepage;
Collect information about site visitors such as where they are located and what browsers they are using;
Determine the number of unique users of the website;
Improve the website by measuring any errors that occur.
and
Conduct research and diagnostics to improve product offerings.


 How to control or delete cookies You have the right to choose whether or not to accept cookies and we have explained how you can exercise this right below.
However, please note that if you choose to refuse cookies you may not be able to use the full functionality of our Site.
Most browsers allow you to change your cookie settings.
These settings will typically be found in the “options” or “preferences” menu of your browser.
In order to understand these settings and learn how to use them, please consult the “Help” function of your browser, or the documentation published online for your particular browser type and version. Third Party Websites' Cookies When using our website, you may be directed to other websites for such activities as surveys, to make payment in currency other than U.S.
dollars, or for job applications.
These websites may use their own cookies.
We do not have control over the placement of cookies by other websites you visit, even if you are directed to them from our website. Need More Information? If you would like to find out more about cookies and their use on the Internet, you may find the following link useful: All About Cookies Cookies that have been set in the past If you have disabled one or more Cookies, we may still use information collected from cookies prior to your disabled preference being set, however, we will stop using the disabled cookie to collect any further information. Contact us If you have any questions or comments about this cookies policy, or privacy matters generally, please contact us via email at customers@any.do
