
         ANY.RUN PRIVACY POLICY 
Preliminary Statement 
ANY.RUN LLC (hereinafter "ANY.RUN") provides the protection of user’s privacy and personal data according to this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Acceptance of Terms of Use shall mean automatically full and unconditional acceptance of this Privacy Policy by the User.
ANY.RUN reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy and is not obliged to notify the User.
The changes will come into force upon their publication on the Website except otherwise is provided by the updated version of this Privacy Policy.
User’s continued usage of the Services shall signify User’s acceptance of such changes.
While using the ANY.RUN Services you have to ensure that the files/ the URL you are about to submit contain no personal data of any third party or if so, you have the full and informed consent of those third parties or the statutory right to transfer these personal data.
ANY.RUN is not responsible for any conflict arising according to the submitting of personal data of third parties involved in your files/ URL.
Please be aware that interactive checking as a part of Services provided by ANY.RUN is not confidential unless otherwise stated.
You can turn on privacy mode in the advanced menu before start using Services.
The Privacy policy is effective from 12 June, 2018.


Collecting and processing of user’s personal data 
Web servers store details of user’s operating system and browser used, a webpage from which user comes to the Website, pages that user visits on the Website, and IP address assigned to a user by user’s Internet service provider (ISP).
With the exception of user’s IP address, in following cases the personal data is collected and stored only if a user chooses to submit it to ANY.RUN: 
When registering, for identification of your account and transactional email we collect: 
Email address


When you use contact form in order to correspond with us, to reach you back we collect: 
Name (not required field)
Email address


When paying, to provide you with the paid services (creation, prolongation and payment subscriptions).
We use PayPal and BlueSnap payment processing.
These third party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information.
We collect the following payment information on our service: 
Full cardholder name
Last 4 digits of the card
Expiration month/year
Date of the payment
Payment processor system user ID


To protect service from attacks and for a recognizing different user types, on every http request we collect: 
IP/Country/Provider
URL/Query/Browser/Referer/Cookie/Headers




We use user data to: 
Provide individual service, support and advertisement for a user.
Inform user about ANY.RUN new products and services.
In the event that we are involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.


You hereby agree that ANY.RUN could use your email address you have entered to send out a newsletter from which you can unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the deactivation link provided in every newsletter or in your own profile by clicking on the checkmark to disable.


Sharing user’s personal data 
User’s personal data will remain only with ANY.RUN, its affiliates, and its service providers and will not be available to third parties except situations when ANY.RUN is obligated to disclose such information by the law.
ANY.RUN guarantees that personal data will be used only to perform ANY.RUN services.
Providing your personal data to ANY.RUN you agree that ANY.RUN could submit relevant information to the followling services: 
Email services: Mailchimp, Yandex, SendPulse, SMTP.biz to send and recieve emails.
Payment service providers: PayPal, BlueSnap or its affiliates in order to receipt payments.


ANY.RUN may use third-party services such as Google Analytics, Yandex Metrika that collect, monitor and analyze user’s information in order to increase ANY.RUN Services's functionality.
These third party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information.


Data retention 
ANY.RUN stores personal data as long as it is required to perform the Services to the user providing no legal contradictions exist (in a case of retention periods required by trade or tax regulations etc.)
At any time you may exercise your right to have your personal data removed, provided that no legal requirement opposes deletion or the data is necessary for the fulfilment of a contractual obligation of ANY.RUN.
Retention Period 
Registration data (Section 2.1.1) is stored the whole time user is using the service.
Contact us form data (Section 2.1.2) is stored as support ticket for an indefinite amount of time or deleted upon a request from the user.
Payment information (Section 2.1.3) is stored as long as the service is provided to the user, and can be deleted only provided that no legal requirements exist, for example, in the case of storage periods required as a result of trade or tax.
HTTP request data (Section 2.1.4) is stored for 30 days.




Right to obtain and correct information 
User has the right: 
of access to Personal Data relating to you;
to correct any mistakes in your Personal Data;
to ask us to stop contacting you with direct marketing;
to restrict or prevent your Personal Data being processed;
to erasure;


In order to request any of actions required please send a message to ANY.RUN contact email indicated in Terms of Use.
The deletion of user’s personal data will be completed immediately unless ANY.RUN is legally obliged to store such information.


Children's privacy 
ANY.RUN does not knowingly collect information from anyone under the age of 16.
ANY.RUN is directed for persons older than 16 years old.
Persons under 16 are not allowed to register and use ANY.RUN without parent permission.


Cookies 
Cookies are small text files containing information which makes possible to identify repeated visitors exclusively for the duration of their visit on the Website.
Cookies are stored on a hard disk of visitor’s computer and do not cause any damage.
They could be used to determine whether there has been any contact between ANY.RUN and visitor device in the past.
Only cookies on visitor’s device are identified.
ANY.RUN uses cookies only if it is required for the provision of services through the Website.
ANY.RUN uses the following cookies: 
"x_mtok" - for a proper file uploading.
"tokenLogin" - for identifying registered users.
"_ga", "_gid" - Google Analytics cookies used in order to increase ANY.RUN Services's functionality and UX.
"__cfduid" - CloudFlare cookie to protect from cyber attacks.




Security 
ANY.RUN applies organizational and technical security measures to protect the data supplied by visitors and users against manipulation, loss, destruction and unsanctioned access by third parties.



