
AnydayGuide

Calendar
Festivals
Advice 
All Advice


Home &amp.
Garden
Recipes
Interior Design
Health
Beaty &amp.
Style
Dating &amp.
Relationships
Education &amp.
Careers
Kids &amp.
Parenting
Pets
Tech
Travel








Cookie Policy
Like most websites, AnydayGuide uses cookies and other tracking technologies to help us understand how people use our site so that we can keep improving it.
This Cookie Policy is part of our general Privacy Policy.What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files or pieces of information that are stored in your web browser by sites that you visit.
Cookies help identify you as a unique visitor when you return to a site.
However, cookies don’t include any personal information about you (for example, your name) and cannot be used to identify you as a person.
All cookies are subdivided into two main types.
They are persistent (permanent) cookies and session cookies.
Session cookies are temporary cookies, which are deleted as soon as you close your web browser, while persistent cookies remain on your device when you have gone offline.
How long persistent cookies remain on your device, depends on their expiry date and your browser settings.
However, you can always delete them manually in your browser settings.
What do we use cookies for?
Cookies and some other data stored on your device can be used for many purposes.
We use them to recognize you when you visit our site.
This means that you don’t have to log in each time you visit AnydayGuide.
Cookies also allow our website to remember the preferences and settings you choose.
Thanks to cookies we are able to protect your security.
Cookies are also used to compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how people use our website.
This information helps to improve the structure and content of our site and give you a better online experience.
We also use cookies to work with our partners.
How do cookies affect my privacy?
A cookie usually contains the name of the site that it has come from, its “lifetime” (expiry date), and a value (a unique number that is generated randomly).
Cookies do not hold any personal data therefore you can visit AnydayGuide without revealing it.
We are very concerned about the security and safety of your personal information.
If you do not consent to the use of cookies, please be sure to disable them in your browser settings.
Please refer to your browser instructions to learn more about how to block cookies.
If you use different devices to access our site, you will need to ensure that each web browser on each device (PC, tablet, smartphone etc.) is adjusted to suit your cookie preferences.
Without cookies, you will still be able to browse our website but you should be aware that disabling cookies may impact your user experience while on AnydayGuide and prevent you from enjoying all of the features of our website.


Tags



cookie policy


 privacy policy


 persistent cookies


 session cookies


 use of cookies



Related Articles
AnydayGuide Privacy Policy
AnydayGuide Privacy Policy
Advertise on AnydayGuide


About
Support
Feed


Powered by AnydayLife


Terms
Privacy
Cookies
↑
 I Agree We use cookies on our website to improve your user experience while respecting your privacy.
By continuing to use our site you are giving your consent for us to use cookies. ×&nbsp.

      