
        AnydayGuide Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their “personally identifiable information” (PII) is being used online.
PII, as used in information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context.
Please read our Privacy Policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your PII.For the purposes of the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), the data controller is AnydayGuide.
What information do we collect from the people that visit our website and when do we collect it?
We collect information from you when you sign up for our website, contact us with questions or requests, or otherwise choose to provide information to us.
For example, when signing up for our website, you will be asked to enter your e-mail address.
We also collect information automatically through cookies and other tracking technologies: your IP address, your browser type and version, your operating system, web pages your view, links you click, your activities on our website, the length of time you spend on our website, and the referring URL or the web page that led you to our website.

How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you sign up for our website, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:

To personalize user’s experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content in which you are most interested.
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To respond to your inquires or requests for information.
To provide customer support.
For any other purpose for which you choose to provide your information to us.

How do we protect visitor information?
We only provide articles and other information, and we never ask for personal or private information.
We use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology in order to protect your information and provide you with the most secure experience possible.
Any information that you provide to us or that we collect automatically is stored on secure cloud servers.
We keep your information as long as required by applicable laws and regulations.

Do we use cookies?
Yes.
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser (if you allow)/ They enable the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
For instance, cookies are used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services.
We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:

Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
Keep track of advertisements.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future.

You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies.
You do this through your browser settings.
Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
You can read more about our Cookie Policy here.
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
We do not use automated decision making and profiling.
Do we share your information?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice.
This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
How can you update or delete your information, or contact us with questions and requests?
You can request to access, change, or delete your personal data by emailing us or contacting us via the Contacts page.
You may request that we delete any information about you that we have obtained, to restrict/object to our processing of your personal data, to obtain and reuse your personal data, or if you have any questions about our collection and storage of your information.
In compliance with the GDPR, we will answer to any of your requests free of charge within 1 month of receiving your request.
If your request is particularly complicated or if you have sent us multiple requests, we will respond within 3 months.
Third Party Links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website.
These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies.
We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google
We have enabled Google AdSense on our site to help cover running costs.
We also use Google Analytics to evaluate the use of our website.
The information collected by Google Analytics helps us improve our performance and user experiences.
Google Analytics may use cookies and other tracking technologies to perform its services.
Aside from your approximate geographic location identified by your IP address, the information collected by Google Analytics is mostly anonymous traffic data including device, operating system and browser information.
To learn more about how Google uses information from sites that use their services, use the following link: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites.
To opt-out of Google Analytics, use the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Please note that you need to re-opt-out every time you clear your cookies, install a new browser, or use a different computer.
Disqus
We have enabled the Disqus comment system on our website to give you an opportunity to comment on our articles and to increase engagement.
To learn more about Disqus privacy policy, use the following link: https://help.disqus.com/terms-and-policies/disqus-privacy-policy.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy you may contact us using the following link: Contact Us.


Tags



AnydayGuide Privacy Policy


 Privacy Policy


 personally identifiable information


 personal information


 GDPR



Related Articles
About AnydayGuide, Cookie Policy
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy

