



Features
Pricing
Help Centerbookmark_border



Sign In
or
Sign Up

menu

Features list_alt

Pricing attach_money

Help Center bookmark_border



Sign In lock_open


Menu
more_horiz


Privacy

 Privacy Policyadd

 Cookie Policyremove

 Supplemental Privacy Notice for CA Residentsadd

 Data Processing Agreementadd

 Sub-data Processorsadd





Service Agreements

 Terms Of Serviceadd





Security

 Securityadd

 Cookie Policy 
Last updated January 10th, 2020

This Cookie Policy explains how AddEvent, Inc.
uses cookies and similar technologies to recognize you when you visit our Sites or Applications ("Online Properties"), and any other webpages, subdomains, country level domain variants that link or refer to this Cookie Policy, and in the course of using any of our Services.
It explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them.
Any capitalized terms that are not also defined in this Cookie Policy are defined in our Terms of Service. What are cookies? Cookies are small data files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website.
Cookies are widely used by website owners in order to make their websites work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide reporting information.
Cookies set by the website owner (in this case, AddEvent) are called "first party cookies".
Cookies set by parties other than the website owner are called "third party cookies".
Third party cookies enable third party features or functionality to be provided on or through the website (e.g.
advertising, interactive content and analytics).
The parties that set these third party cookies can recognize your computer both when it visits the website in question and also when it visits certain other websites. Why do we use cookies? AddEvent uses first and third party cookies for several reasons.
Some cookies are required for technical reasons in order for our Online Properties to operate, and we refer to these as "essential" or "strictly necessary" cookies.
Other cookies enable us to track and target the interests of our Users to enhance the experience on our Online Properties.
Third parties serve cookies through our Online Properties for advertising, analytics and other purposes.
This is described in more detail below.
The specific types of first and third party cookies served through our Online Properties and the purposes they perform are described under "Essential 1st party cookies" and "Analytics and customization cookies" below (please note that the specific cookies served may vary depending on the specific AddEvent Property you visit). Essential 1st party cookies These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with Services and to use some of the Site or Application, such as access to secure areas.
Who serves these cookies:
AddEvent.com and related top level domains.

How to refuse: 
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the Online Properties to you, you cannot refuse them.
You may block or delete them by changing your browser settings, as described below under the heading "How can I control cookies?", but you may not be able to use every Site or Application features, and in some cases the AddEvent Property simply will not perform. Analytics and customization cookies These cookies collect information that is used either in identifiable or aggregate form to help us understand how our Online Properties are being used, the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns, or to help us customize our Online Properties for you.
The following third parties use cookies on Online Properties:

Facebook
AdWords
Google Analytics
Google Tag Manager
LinkedIn
 How to refuse: To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading "How can I control cookies?"
Alternatively, you can click on the link accompanying the third party cookie list above to learn more about how each third party uses cookies and to opt-out. How can I control cookies? You have the right to decide whether to accept or reject cookies.
You can exercise your cookie preferences by clicking on the appropriate opt-out links provided in the above list of third parties who use cookies on Online Properties, or you can set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies.
If you choose to reject cookies via your browser, you may still use our Online Properties through your access to some functionality may be restricted.
As the means by which you can refuse cookies through your web browser controls vary from browser-to-browser, you should visit your browser's help menu for more information. How often will you update this Cookie Policy? We may update this Cookie Policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to the cookies we use or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
Please therefore re-visit this Cookie Policy regularly to stay informed about our use of cookies and related technologies.

The date at the top of this Cookie Policy indicates when it was last updated. Where can I get further information? If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other technologies, please email us at privacy@addevent.com.





 More menu
Solutions

For you
Accountants
Cleaners
Consultants
Contractors
Doctors
Entrepreneurs
Freelancers

 

Manufacturing
Personal Trainers
Photographers
Real Estate Agents
Salons
Small Businesses
Therapists
Tutors

Company

About Us
Features &amp.
Pricing
Terms of Service
Privacy
Security

Resources

Help Center
Articles
Contact

 Carefully crafted by your friends at Â© 2021 AppointmentThing.com 
