
         &nbsp.
&nbsp.
Welcome, and thank you for your interest in Arista Networks, Inc.
and our subsidiaries ("Arista," "we," or "us").
1.
Terms and Conditions
The following terms and conditions apply to all visitors to or users of this web site (the "Site").
By accessing this Site, you acknowledge acceptance of these terms and conditions and agree that you:

Are at least 18 years old;
You have not previously been suspended or removed from the Site.
and
Your use of the Site and registration, where applicable, are in compliance with any and all applicable laws and regulations.

If you are not eligible, or do not agree to the terms, then you do not have our permission to use the Site.
Arista, at its sole discretion, reserves the right to change these terms and conditions at any time.
Please check these terms periodically for changes.
By using the Site after changes are published, you agree to the updated terms.
Use of our products and services requires a separate agreement with us, even if portions may be accessed through this Site.
2.
Ownership of Materials
All content and material on this Site are copyrighted and protected by worldwide copyright laws and treaty provisions.
No portion of the information on this Site may be copied, reproduced, modified, published, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, without Arista's prior written permission.
We grant you a limited, revocable, non-transferable license under applicable copyrights to download or use the Site on a computer or similar device, solely for your personal use or for Your company when it has a potential or an existing business relationship with Arista.
If software, executable files or programs are not accompanied by their own terms and conditions, our End User License Agreement shall govern their use.
Except as expressly provided herein, Arista does not grant any express or implied right to you under any patents, copyrights, trademarks, or trade secret information.
3.
User Accounts and Profiles
You may be required to create an account/user profile in order to access and/or contribute to certain features on the Site, including accessing cloud services.
In those situations, additional terms may apply and those additional terms will become part of your agreement with us.
In the event of any conflict between such additional terms and these terms, the additional terms will control.
Any notices or communications we send will be sent to your account and/or to the contact information you provided during the account registration process unless you have notified us of any change.
User accounts, profiles, usernames, and passwords must be associated with only one person unless we otherwise agree in writing.
If you create an account or profile, the information you provide must be truthful and accurate.
You may not allow another person or entity to use your profile nor use the account of another person or entity.
You agree to take all reasonable precautions to protect your account information.
We will not be liable to you or any third party for your failure to prevent unauthorized access to your account.
You must notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or associated breach in security that you identify.
We may, in our sole discretion (i) restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to any or all of the Site or (ii) cease to provide and maintain the Site, in whole or in part, at any time, for any or no reason, with or without prior notice, and without liability.
Upon doing so, we may retain or delete any information or content that you provided, subject to applicable law.
4.
Submissions
This Site may provide opportunities for you to comment, share, answer other's questions, and upload information to the Arista community.
This may include questions.
comments.
feedback on software, products, and services.
support.
configuration information.
articles or other documents.
blog entries.
and/or computer code, such as scripts, patches, bug fixes, binaries or executables, or other information (collectively "Contributions").
We assume no responsibility or liability over the sharing of user Contributions.
Contributions are considered non-confidential and non-proprietary unless expressly agreed otherwise, in writing, with us.
We shall have no obligations to you with regard to the use or disclosure of Contributions, and shall have a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable and fully-paid right to use, reproduce, prepare derivative works of, perform, display, and distribute the Contributions, including any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such Contributions, for any and all purposes without limitation, and to authorize others to do so as well, without attribution.
We may, in our sole discretion, remove or delete any Contribution from the Site, for any reason, without prior notice.
You represent and warrant that you either own or have all the necessary intellectual property rights in the Contributions you upload or share to the community and that your Contributions do not infringe on the patent, copyright or other intellectual property rights of others.
You further agree to defend, indemnify and hold Arista and anyone on its behalf, including but not limited to, all of its owners, managers, officers and employees, harmless against any losses, expenses, costs, claims, damages (including reasonable attorneys' fees, expert fees and other reasonable costs of litigation) arising from, incurred as a result of, or in any manner related to your breach of these terms.
If you choose to contribute to a forum or otherwise on this Site, you must follow the Forum Rules.
5.
Trademarks
The trademarks, logos and service marks ("Marks") displayed on this Site are the property of Arista or other third parties.
Users are not permitted to use these Marks without the prior written consent of Arista or third parties that may own the Marks.
For example, "Arista Networks," "Arista," "CloudVision," and "EOS" are trademarks of Arista in the U.S.
and other countries.
6.
Links to Other Material
This Site may contain links to third party sites.
The linked sites are not under the control of Arista Networks and Arista is not responsible for the content of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site.
Arista provides these links merely as a convenience and the inclusion of such links does not imply an endorsement or recommendation.
7.
Prohibited Conduct
You shall not, and shall not permit any third party to: (a) modify or create any derivative works based on the Site or any portion thereof.
(b) reproduce, distribute, publicly display, or publicly perform the Site or any portion thereof.
(c) sublicense, distribute, sell, lend, rent, lease, transfer, or grant any rights in or to all or any portion of the Site or provide access to the Site to third parties on a service bureau basis or otherwise.
(d) use or access the Site without permission, interfere with or circumvent any feature of the Site, including any security or access control mechanism, or introduce any security threats into or through the Site.
(e) use the Site or any portion thereof to exploit, interfere with, or circumvent any feature of any other site or service.
(f) use the Site or any portion thereof for any illegal, harmful, offensive, or objectionable purpose, including in a manner that disparages or defames, or violates the intellectual property or proprietary rights of, Arista or any third party.
or (g) otherwise use the Site or any portion thereof) other than as provided herein, or in violation of any applicable law.
8.
Compliance With Applicable Laws
User access to this Web Site is governed by all applicable federal, state and local laws.
All information available on the Web Site is subject to U.S.
export control laws and may also be subject to the laws of the country where you reside.
Accessing this web site from a U.S.
embargoed country is prohibited.
9.
Disclaimers
Although Arista has attempted to provide accurate information on the Web Site, Arista assumes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information.
Arista may change the programs or products mentioned at any time without notice.
All information provided on this Web Site is provided "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT OF THE LAW, ARISTA AND ITS SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OR ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE, OR TRADE PRACTICE.
Arista and its suppliers shall not be liable for any indirect, special, consequential, or incidental damages including, without limitation, lost profits, lost revenues, costs of replacement goods, loss or damage arising out of the use or inability to use this site or any Arista product, damages resulting from use of or reliance on information present, even if Arista or its suppliers have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF ARISTA TO YOU FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE USE OF OR ANY INABILITY TO USE ANY PORTION OF THE SITE OR OTHERWISE UNDER THESE TERMS, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, IS LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF: (A) THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID TO ARISTA FOR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SITE IN THE 12 MONTHS PRIOR TO THE EVENT OR CIRCUMSTANCE GIVING RISE TO CLAIM.
OR (B) $10.
THE LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION 6 WILL APPLY EVEN IF ANY LIMITED REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
If you violate any provision of these terms, your authorization to access the Site automatically terminates.
In addition, Arista may, at its sole discretion, suspend or terminate your access to the Site, at any time for any reason or no reason, with or without notice.
Arista reserves the right to modify or discontinue the Site at any time (including by limiting or discontinuing certain features of the Site), temporarily or permanently, without notice to you.
Arista will have no liability for any change to the Site or any suspension or termination of your access to or use of the Site.
10.
Governing Law
These terms are governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to conflict of law principles.
You and Arista submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the state courts and federal courts located within Santa Clara County, California for resolution of any lawsuit or court proceeding permitted under these terms.
We operate the Site from our offices in California, and we make no representation that Materials included in the Site are appropriate or available for use in other locations.
11.
Privacy Policy
Please read the Arista Privacy Policy carefully for information relating to our collection, use, storage, and disclosure of your personal information.
The Arista Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into, and made a part of, these terms.
12.
DMCA Takedown
If you believe something on this Site has infringed your intellectual property rights, please provide us with the following information in writing:

Identification of the material you claim to be infringing and provide a link (where available) to where it is located;
Identification of the work that you claim has been infringed;
Information reasonably sufficient to allow us to contact you, such as your address, telephone number, and email address;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or law;
A statement made under penalty of perjury, that the above information is accurate, and that you are the owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner.
and
An electronic or physical signature of the intellectual property owner or of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner.

The above information must be submitted to our legal department at the following:
Arista Networks  Attn: Legal Department 5453 Great America Parkway Santa Clara, CA 95054 copyright@arista.com
13.
Miscellaneous
These terms, together with the Privacy Policy, are the entire and exclusive understanding and agreement between you and Arista regarding your use of the Site.
Note that subscription services accessible through the Site are further subject to the terms of your subscription, services, or software-as-a -service agreement.
Arista's delay or failure to take action on a violation of any of these provisions, does not mean that we give up any rights, such as to require performance at any other time or enforce consequences of a violation later.
If any part of these terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the unenforceable part will be given effect to the greatest extent possible, and the remaining parts will remain in full force and effect.
Forum Rules
In addition to these terms and our Privacy Policy, which also apply to the Site, you must abide by the following rules of conduct when posting in Arista's forum(s) or otherwise contributing to the Site:

Do not advertise, promote, endorse, or market, directly or indirectly, any third-party commercial products, services, solutions, or other technologies.
You may provide limited, factual information about your own business if it naturally arises from a conversation and need.
Any use of the forum(s) or Site for commercial purposes is solely at your own risk, and we assume no liability for such use.
Do not engage in any unlawful conduct.
In particular, do not post, publish, or distribute any defamatory, inappropriate, obscene, infringing or other unlawful material or information.
Do not troll others, engage in personal attacks, use offensive language, or otherwise engage in disruptive conduct.
Do not contribute content protected by intellectual property laws, rights of privacy or publicity, or any other applicable law unless you own or have rights to these materials.
Do not misrepresent the source of your contributions.
Do not post any instructions, software or other materials that would allow participants or third parties to harm other users' computer networks or to circumvent access restrictions or intellectual property laws.
Do not attack, abuse, interfere with, intercept, disrupt, or exploit any users, systems, or services, including but not limited to Denial of Service (DoS) attacks, monitoring, crawling, spamming, using bots or scripts, or distributing malware (such as viruses, Trojan horses, worms, spyware, or adware).
Do not impersonate any other person or falsify your background, knowledge, or credentials in the forum.
Do not distribute unwanted, unsolicited, or harassing mass email or other messages, promotions, advertising, or solicitations ("spam") or send deceptive or false source-identifying information, including "spoofing" or "phishing."
Do not, under any circumstances, attempt to collect, store, or publish personally identifiable information without the owner's knowledge and consent.
Do not disable, disrupt, circumvent, interfere with, or otherwise violate the security of the Site or access any application, system, service, tool, data, account, network, or content without authorization or for unintended purposes.
Some participants may post Internet website links.
Arista is not responsible for the content on the websites associated with these links and reminds you that some content and links on the Internet contain malware or inappropriate material that is not suitable for children or may be offensive to some users.
You are responsible for all actions you take based on information or advice you receive while online.
Use good judgment, and possibly do some research, when evaluating information provided through the Site.

If you violate these terms, your access may be terminated immediately and without notice.
please be considerate and use the Site as intended.
