
         Menu

Home
About
Archive
Webrings
RSS Feed
JSON Feed
Privacy policy
Services
Source code
Contact us
Disclaimer
 Code of Conduct This is the code of conduct for the Matrix rooms maintained by
me, FantasyCookie17.
As it is licensed CC0, it may also be used in
modified or non-modified form by other communities without
permission by the author.
Its purpose is to ensure a civilised,
tolerant, compassionate, helpful, pluralistic and peaceful style of
communication.
Desirable behaviour

If possible, providing help with issues other users may have.
If it suits the topic of the community, answer it in there, if it
does not, try to link to a community where it is more topical.
Accepting other opinions, even if you disagree.
This does not
exclude the possibility to provide arguments for your own
opinion.
Pinging moderators by mentioning their names in chat in the
case of rule violations, especially trolling or spamming.
While
doing so, do not quote or reply to the violator — the most valuable
thing you can give trolls and spammers is extra attention by
non-moderators.
In order to have your questions resolved more quickly and
efficiently, see also: The XY
problem, Don't ask to
ask, No Hello and How to Ask Smart Questions

Undesirable behaviour

Talking about things that do not suit the topic of the
community.
Communities exempt from this rule will mention that in
their descriptions.
Attacking people rather than attacking their arguments (a.k.a.
ad hominem).
Bringing extra attention by people who are not moderators to
trolls and spammers.
Self-censorship for reasons of politeness or similar.
As long
as you keep it civil and free of insults, it is desirable to
discuss issues you have with people directly, rather than letting
it build up and later creating drama.
It is in the interest of the
moderators to make the rooms feel comfortable for a large amount of
people, this includes changing their own behaviour where necessary
and reasonable.
If you feel it is better to discuss in a smaller
group, ask the person you have an issue with and/or a moderator
whether it is fine to invite them to a private chat.
Making other users feel uncomfortable, for example by nagging
them with questions they have stated they do not want to
answer.
Misgendering, deadnaming and assuming gender.
Use the singular they and
inclusive
language where possible.
Not liking the community.
If you do, why don't you just leave?
You would be causing discomfort to everyone else as well if you did
not.

Prohibited behaviour

Spreading hateful, violent or discriminatory ideologies or
conspiracy theories, via images and other media (including avatars)
or text (including nicknames), as well as discriminating against
any group or person.
This includes the use of slurs.
Spamming.
This includes adverts, large amounts of repetitive
messages, sending invites to users without asking (invite spam),
etc.
Trolling.
intentionally derailing conversations or producing
discussions on non-issues.
Doxing: The disclosure of others' private information without
their consent.
Posting content that may cause harm or be triggering to other
people without using an appropriate warning and the spoiler
feature.
For example, people with photosensitive epilepsy may
experience seizures from animations with rapidly changing or
flashing colours, and people suffering from certain trauma may have
painful memories triggered by talk about common triggers, such as
violence, sex, abuse, severe mental health issues, or drugs.
Actively suppressing opinions of other users.
Being an undesired bot (bots are undesired if not approved by
moderation), or adding an undesired bot to a community.
Ban evasion (creation of additional accounts to join a
community after having been banned from that room).
If you are a moderator or otherwise have permissions above
those of normal users: abusing your permissions for personal
motives not compatible with this code of conduct.
Continued harrassment of other users.
Posting explicit imagery (sexual content, displays of violence,
etc.) or unwanted sexual or romantic advances towards other
users.
Posting content that is illegal to publish or illegal to
distribute without permission in Germany.
The reason is that in
certain cases, especially when it comes to copyright, the service
provider (who might be me), may be held liable, and I do not wish
to get into legal trouble.
Abusing loopholes in this code of conduct, for example doing
something that is not explicitly covered by the prohibited
behaviour, yet is in conflict with the general idea of desirable
behaviour.

Consequences of violation

Undesirable behaviour will lead to warnings, and later on, if
repeated too often, kicks or bans.
Prohibited behaviour will, in most cases, directly lead to a
kick or ban.
Any kind of violation can lead to removal of the offending
content.
When it becomes obvious that an entire server exists for a
purpose such as violating this code of conduct, or the
administrator violates the code of conduct and/or refuses to
deactivate spammer accounts, the entire server can be banned.
Kicks and bans apply to all communities administrated by
me.
If a moderator violates the code of conduct, make sure to point
it out to me.
This can lead to warnings and demotion of the
moderator.
If I myself violate the code of conduct, no such possibility of
warnings or demotion exists.
Thus, it is important to call me out,
or make one of my friends or moderators call me out.
Further steps
will then be discussed ad hoc.

Changes to this code of conduct
This code of conduct may be changed in order to enhance clarity
and precision at any time, typically without notification.
