
 ArvanCloud Cookie Statement 
 ArvanCloud, a brand of SoftQloud GmbH, uses cookies on its website (https://www.arvancloud.com/en).
Third party functionality available on the website may also be subjected to the use of cookies.
Below ArvanCloud informs you about the use of cookies on its website.
 We would like to explain to you:


 what cookies are.

 why we use cookies (from third parties).

 which cookies we ask your permission for.

 how to delete cookies.

 Your right to access, rectification and erasure of your data at Softqloud 

 In some cases, the cookies are used to process personal data (personal information).
In our privacy statement (https://www.arvancloud.com/en) you can read how ArvanCloud handles your personal data.

 This cookie statement was last amended on July 20th 2019.

 What are cookies 
 We use cookies on this website.
A cookie is a text file that is sent along with the pages of this website and is stored by your browser on the hard drive of your computer, tablet and/or mobile phone.
The information stored therein can be returned to our servers or to the servers of the third parties concerned during a future visit.

 Why ArvanCloud uses cookies 
 Functional cookies

 Some cookies ensure that certain parts of the website work properly and that your user preferences remain known.
For example, cookies are used to display fonts correctly, to remember your session of use on the web server so that you can view the website, or to remember a search term that searches within the website or a selected filter.

 Google Analytics

 We use cookies from Google Analytics to gain insight into the way in which website visitors use our website.
We have concluded a data processing agreement with Google in which agreements are laid down on the handling of the collected data.
Google is not allowed to share the data obtained or use it for other Google services and we do not allow IP addresses to be anonymised.
Google may also transfer information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf.
More information about the data processing by Google Analytics can be found in the privacy statement of Google and in the privacy policy of Google Analytics.

 Social Media-cookies

 The Social Media cookies that are placed when visiting our website make it possible for visitors who use these social media to share (parts of) our web pages with these social media networks.
Once a visitor has logged in to the social media networks, the Social Media cookies can be qualified as 'functional cookies'.
More information about the data processing by Facebook, Google+, LinkedIn and Twitter can be found in the privacy declaration of these online services.

 Which cookies do we ask your permission for 
 Below is an overview of the cookies we use in addition to the analytical, technical and functional cookies.
We use some cookies ourselves, but for other cookies we use third parties.
These parties act on our behalf and we determine what happens to cookies.
There are also cookies that are only placed and used by third parties.
We have no control over those third parties and how they handle your data.
 Below we have included an overview of the cookies used and the parties involved.

Goal
Cookies Social Media Facebook Connect Facebook Impressions Google+ Platform LinkedIn Widgets Twitter Button Twitter Syndicator  Deleting cookies 
 Most cookies have an expiration date.
This means that they automatically expire after a certain period of time and no longer record any data from your site visit.
You can also choose to manually delete cookies before the expiration date.
Please refer to your browser manual for more information.

 Right to access, rectification and erasure of your data 
 You have the right to ask for access, correction or deletion of your data.
For any questions regarding access, improvement, addition, modification, blocking, deletion or transfer of your personal data, you can contact us at any time via the data below:  support@arvancloud.com  In order to prevent abuse, we may ask you to identify yourself appropriately.
In case of access to personal data linked to a cookie, you must send a copy of the cookie in question.
You can find them in the settings of your browser.

 Questions? 
 For any question and/or comments regarding our cookie statement, please contact us by sending an e-mail support@arvancloud.com

