
        Asana Cookies Notice
Last updated: February 4, 2021
This Cookie Notice describes the types of cookies and similar tracking technologies we use on our services via our websites and apps, how we use them, and what your choices are for controlling cookies.

What are cookies?
How does Asana use cookies?
Types of cookies we use
Duration of cookie storage
Cookie management
Disabling cookies
Changes to this Notice
Contact us

What are Cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are downloaded to your computer or mobile device by a website via your web browser or mobile app when you visit a website or other online service.
Cookies store information about how you use an online service so that the website can recognize your device, provide functionality, enhance your experience (like remembering your preferred language), analyze usage patterns, and personalize content and advertising.

When we say “cookie,” we don’t mean the delicious ones with chocolate chips.
We are, however, talking about similar online tracking tools and technologies, such as web beacons (also called tracking pixels).
Like cookies, web beacons allow us to analyze how visitors to our websites use Asana and deliver personalized content.
Web beacons can also be included in emails we send to determine whether they have been read or acted on.
For additional information on cookies, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org
How does Asana use cookies?
Asana uses cookies to collect a variety of information for different purposes.
Here are examples of the types of information that we collect through cookies:

Information related to your login so we can remember that you’ve logged in before or so you can stay logged in after you leave the website
Number of visitors, the frequency with which the websites and apps are used, the pages viewed, the clicks made, and the total duration of use
The name of the website visited prior to visiting our websites and mobile apps 
Information about your browser, IP address, browsing preferences
Whether you are a first-time visitor 
Your viewing preferences (e.g.
layout, sizing preferences, language, etc.)

Some examples of how we use this information collected through cookies includes to:

Remember the tasks you are involved in to provide access to those tasks each time you log-in
Customize your visit to our websites and mobile apps based on prior preferences you made
Tailor our advertising and marketing messages to you, based on our understanding or the understanding of our third party service providers, to highlight features we offer that might interest you
Analyze usage trends across our user base to improve our website, mobile apps, and services, and inform how we can offer you new services

Visit our cookies table for details about the specific cookies used for these purposes.
Types of cookies we use
Some of the cookies we use are first-party cookies, which are created by us to help make Asana work properly and analyze usage.
We also allow certain third-party providers to place third-party cookies to enable third-party features or functionalities or to assist us with our analytics and advertising activities.



Strictly necessary cookies: These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with certain features.
For example, these cookies allow you to access secure areas that require registration and set your privacy preferences.
Because these cookies are essential to providing services to you, they cannot be disabled.



Performance Cookies (also commonly known as Analytics Cookies): These cookies allow us or our third-party analytics providers to collect information and statistics on use of our services by you and other visitors.
This information helps us to improve our services and products for the benefit of you and others.



Functionality Cookies: These cookies provide enhanced functionality, providing chat support, allowing you to more easily complete forms, personalizing content to your preferences, and selecting your communications preferences.
If you do not enable these cookies, or choose to disable them in the future, that could impact your ability to use certain features.



Targeting Cookies: These cookies, provided by our third-party advertising partners, collect information about your browsing habits, as well as your preferences for various features and services.
They also provide us with auditing, research, and reporting to know when advertising content has been displayed and how successful the content has been.
This information allows us and our third-party advertising providers to display relevant advertising content.



Social media cookies: These cookies are used when information is shared through a social media sharing button (such as a “like” button), or when you link your account or engage with our content on or through a social networking site such as Facebook, Twitter, or Snapchat.


Duration of cookie storage
The length of time that cookies are stored on your device will vary, depending on whether the cookies are temporary or persistent.

Session cookies. We use temporary cookies called session cookies on our secure pages to assign and register a session ID.
This allows you to visit and use our websites and services without interruption, and provides us with internal reporting.
These cookies expire when you close your browser.

Persistent cookies. Persistent cookies are used by us and our third-party providers to understand visitors’ browsing behavior over a longer period of time or to provide additional features or customization.
They can stay on your device for different lengths of time, from 24 hours, to a week, or several years, depending on their function.
These cookies survive after your browser is closed and can be used to recognize your device when you reopen your browser and revisit our websites and apps.
Cookie management

All visitors. There are a number of ways you can manage what cookies are set on your devices.
As mentioned above, deleting or disabling cookies may impact your ability to use certain features and functionalities.
We currently do not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.


Browser settings. You can disable and/or delete most types of cookies by using your browser settings.
As the means by which to activate or deactivate cookies varies from one web browser to another (e.g., Safari, Chrome, Mozilla Firefox), you should visit your specific web browser’s help menu for more information on cookie preferences.
You can also configure your browser at any time to be notified of the receipt of a cookie, so that you can decide whether you want to accept it or not.
Please note that currently, it is technically impossible for you to synchronize your settings across the different browsers and devices you use.
You must therefore set them on each browser/device that you currently use and each time you use a new browser or device.

Depending on the region, you may be asked to consent to cookies when you first visit one of our websites.
To manage your cookie settings, you can adjust them in our cookie preference center here: Change cookie settings
Disabling cookies
If you choose to deactivate cookies, you may continue to use certain parts of our services and websites.
However, some useful features may not work anymore, depending on which cookies you deactivate.
For example, you might not be able to use our chat functionality to ask questions, and content may not be as relevant to your preferences.

Please note that if you have disabled one or more cookies, we may continue to use the information that was collected by such cookies before they were deactivated.
However, we will cease to collect any new information via the opted-out cookie once a cookie has been deactivated.
Changes to this Notice
We may update this notice as necessary to account for changes in our practices or legal requirements.
Please revisit this notice regularly to stay informed about our use of cookies.
Contact us
If you have any questions about how we use cookies, you can contact us at privacy@asana.com.

