
        Privacy Policy
1.
Our Commitment to Privacy

We, Astronomer, Inc., being the owner and operator of the Astronomer.io website, respect the privacy of your
information.
This website is referred to in this Privacy Policy as “our website” or “our site”.
We provide this
explanation about our online information practices as a show of our commitment to protect your privacy.
We do not sell or rent personally-identifying information collected during your use of our website without your
permission.
In accordance with this Privacy Policy or otherwise upon notification to you at the time of data collection or transfer,
we may share your personally-identifying information with a third party.
You will always have the option of not
permitting the transfer by not using the particular services for which the information is collected or shared.

2.
The Information We Collect

At the time you register on our site, we may collect and store your name, email address, mailing address, and other
personally-identifying information.
The user information we collect is categorized as follows:

Application Information — information that you provide to us through our website and through other means.
Examples include your email address, mailing address, including zip code, and phone number.
Transaction and Experience Information — information about your transactions with us, as well as
information about our communications with you.
Examples include your account history, requests for
information, and our responses.

We need this information to provide goods and services that you request from our website and to let you know of
additional goods and services about which you might be interested.
We also use this information to customize your
experience using our website.
We may also share the information we collect about you with third parties from one or more of the following
categories, but only to the extent authorized by you, necessary to provide the goods or services you request, or as
required by law.

Retailers
Credit Card Companies
Payment Processor Companies
Banks
Government Agencies

We may ask you for personally-identifying information at other times, such as if you enter into a promotion, post
information, register for a forum, complete a survey, or otherwise communicate with us.
If you opt-in to receive
information regarding a promotion or other service offered by a third party, you give us your permission to share your
name and email address with the third party offering the promotion or other service.
In addition, we automatically gather general statistical information about our website and visitors, such as IP
addresses, browsers, pages viewed, number of visitors, goods and services purchased, etc., but in doing so we do
not reference you by individual name, email address, home address, or telephone number.
We use this data in the
aggregate to determine how much our users use parts of our site so we can improve our site.
We may provide this
statistical information to third parties, but when we do so we do not provide personally-identifying information without
your permission.
As part of our service, we use cookies and beacons to store and sometimes track information about you.
Some
features of our site may be available only through the use of a cookie.
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent
to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive.
A beacon is a transparent graphic
image placed on our website to monitor the behavior of a visitor to our website.
Generally, we use cookies to remind
us who you are and enable us to access your account information so you do not have to re-enter it.
We use cookies
and beacons to gather statistical information about usage by registered or unregistered users to research visiting
patterns and to help target advertisements based on user interests.
assist our retail partners track visits and process
orders.
and track progress and participation in promotions and other services.
Preference and options configurations
in your browser determine if and how a cookie or beacon will be accepted.
You can change those configurations on
your computer if you desire.
By changing your preferences, you can accept all cookies, you can be notified when a
cookie is sent, or you can reject all cookies.
If you do so and cookies are disabled, you may be required to re-enter
your information more often and certain features of our site may be unavailable.
Disabling cookies will also prevent
beacons from tracking your unique information when visiting our website.
In addition, our retail partners, advertisers, and other third parties appearing at our site or linked to our site may use
their own cookies and beacons and may collect personally-identifiable information, including credit card information,
in connection with your use of their websites.
The privacy policy of such third parties may differ from ours.
We
encourage you to read the third party’s privacy policy before responding to the offer to determine how the personally-
identifiable information is used by that third party.
Our site does not engage in the collection of personally identifiable information from users across third-party websites
or third-party online services or applications, except as specified by you when you elect to register and login to our
site, via certain third-party sites or applications, such as for example, Google+, Facebook, or Twitter.
Aside from the
foregoing, we do not knowingly enable other parties to collect personally identifiable information about our users'
activities over time and across different sites, applications or services.
If your browser or similar mechanism gives
our site a “do not track” signal, our site will make commercially reasonable attempts to honor your settings (although
we still may deliver and use cookies and other tracking technologies for non-marketing purposes).
However, we do
not make any promises or guarantees about the effects of any “do not track” choice that you may make because: (a)
such nuanced treatment is not necessarily available or effective for all browsers, mechanisms, or tracking
technologies, and our commercially reasonable attempts to honor your settings or might not be effective to preclude
tracking or behavioral advertising at all or over any particular period of time.
(b) third parties may not honor your
settings or our policies and may use cookies or other tracking technologies for behavioral advertising despite our
commercially reasonable attempts to prevent them from doing so.
and (c) tracking technologies, browsers, and
access devices may change from time to time and our commercially reasonable attempts might not be effective for
each technology or across all platforms.

3.
The Way We Use Information

We use your personally-identifying information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically
analyze site usage, to improve our content and product offerings, and to customize our site's content, layout, and
services.
We may use your information to deliver information to you that, in some cases, is targeted to your interests, such as
articles, targeted banners, new services, advertisements, and promotions.
You can opt out of receiving this
information by so indicating in your registration/preferences file or otherwise notifying us in writing.
We may ask you
to provide us voluntarily with additional information regarding your personal or business interests, experience, or
requests, which we may use to customize our services for you.
We may use your email address, your mailing address, and phone number to contact you regarding administrative
notices and communications relevant to your use of our site.
If you place a request for products or services, we use your information to deliver your order.
Payments for products
and services ordered from us through our site are handled by a third-party provider.
This provider, as well as other
providers, may collect additional information, including billing information, credit card number, expiration date, and
security code, and tracking information from checks or money orders.
If you obtain goods or services directly from
one of our retail partners or service providers, we may exchange with the vendor personally-identified information
about you for purposes of your transaction.
We may also use or disclose information to resolve disputes, investigate problems, or enforce our Website User
Agreement (Terms of Use).
At times, we may review the status or activity of multiple users to do so.
We may
disclose or access information whenever we believe in good faith that the law so requires or if we otherwise consider
it necessary to do so to maintain service and improve our products and services.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to manage our website, and to enhance our site
based on the usage pattern data we receive.

4.
Data Retention

At any given time, you are in complete control of the data that flows through our system form yours.
Regardless of the
type of data you chose to process with Astronomer, we will never hold on to any record, backup, archive, restorative
files, cache, or anything of the like for longer than seven days.
Every seven days, our system will automatically erase any active backups, archives, or logs.
The only type of data
that will last longer than seven days on the Astronomer platform is customer’s account data.

5.
Security

We employ reasonable and current security methods to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and
ensure correct use of information.
To use some of our services, you may be required to set up a password-protected account or profile on our website.
We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone.
It is your responsibility to keep your password protected.
Our personnel will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited email.
Remember to sign out of your account, close your browser window, and delete your temporary Internet files when
you have finished your session.
This helps ensure that others cannot access your personal information and
correspondence if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place where others
may have access to it.
Whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online -- for example, on message boards or blogs, through
email, or in chat areas -- that information can be collected and used by others.
No data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be perfectly secure.
As a result,
while we try to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or guarantee the security of any information you
transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.

6.
International Users

We maintain information in the United States of America and in accordance with the laws of the United States, which
may not provide the same level of protection as the laws in your jurisdiction.
By using our website and providing us
with information, you understand and agree that your information may be transferred to and stored on servers located
outside your resident jurisdiction and, to the extent you are a resident of a country other than the United States, that
you consent to the transfer of such data to the United States for processing by us in accordance with this Privacy
Policy.
We participate in and have certified our compliance with the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework.
We are committed to subjecting all personal data received from European Union (EU)
member countries and Switzerland, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable
Principles.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, visit the U.S.
Department of Commerce’s Privacy
Shield List website located at https://www.privacyshield.gov/list.
We are responsible for the processing of personal
data we receive, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfer to a third party acting as an agent
on our behalf.
We comply with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU,
including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to
the Privacy Shield Framework, we are subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S.
Federal Trade
Commission.
In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by
public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our
U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield.
Under certain conditions, which are more fully described on the Privacy Shield website located at
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint, you may invoke binding arbitration when other
dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.

7.
European Union GDPR Rights

In this Section 7 , we have summarized certain rights that you may have under the European Union General Data
Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”) if you are a data subject covered by the GDPR.
Some aspects of GDPR
are complex and not all of the details have been provided below.
Therefore, you should read the GDPR and relevant
guidance from the applicable regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
Your principal rights under GDPR are: (a) the right to access.
(b) the right to rectification.
(c) the right to erasure.
(d)
the right to restrict processing.
(e) the right to object to processing.
(f) the right to data portability.
(g) the right to
complain to a supervisory authority.
and (h) the right to withdraw consent.
You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to
the personal data, together with certain additional information.
That additional information includes details of the
purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data.
Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data.
The
first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee.
You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of
the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay.
Those
circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were
collected or otherwise processed.
you withdraw consent to consent-based processing.
you object to the processing
under certain rules of GDPR.
the processing is for direct marketing purposes.
and the personal data have been
unlawfully processed.
However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure.
The general exclusions include where
processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information.
for compliance with a legal
obligation.
or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data.
Those circumstances are:
you contest the accuracy of the personal data.
processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure.
we no longer need the
personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise, or
defense of legal claims.
and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection.
Where
processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data.
However, we will only
otherwise process it with your consent.
for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims.
for the protection
of the rights of another natural or legal person.
or for reasons of important public interest.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation,
but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance
of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us.
or the purposes of the
legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party.
If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the
personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override
your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling
for direct marketing purposes).
If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this
purpose.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or
statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the
performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is (a) consent.
or (b) that the processing is
necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to
entering into a contract, and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your
personal data from us in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format.
However, this right does not
apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right
to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection.
You may do so in the EU member
state of your habitual residence, your place of work, or the place of the alleged infringement.
To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to
withdraw that consent at any time.
Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us via any of the contact
information described in Section 9.

8.
California Residents – Your California Privacy Rights

California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request from us certain information regarding the
disclosure of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes within the
immediately preceding calendar year.
A company may also comply with the law by disclosing in its privacy notice
that it provides consumers choice (opt-out or opt-in) regarding sharing personal information with third parties for those
third parties’ direct marketing purposes (as we do), and information on how to exercise that choice.
If you are a California resident and you have questions about our practices with respect to sharing information with
third parties for their direct marketing purposes and your ability to exercise choice, please send your request to us via
the email address or the mailing address set forth in Section 9.
You must put the statement “Your California Privacy
Rights” in the subject field of your email or include it in your writing if you choose to write to us at the designated
mailing address.
You must include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code.
We are not responsible for
notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information.
If you are a California resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of our website, California Business and
Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to request and obtain removal of content that you have publicly posted.
To make such a request, please send an email with a detailed description of the specific content to us via the email
address set forth in Section 9.
Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive
removal of the content or information that you have posted and there may be circumstances in which the law does
not require or allow removal even if requested.

9.
How You Can Update, Correct or Delete Your Information

You can access the information that we collect online and maintain through normal updating methods.
To update,
correct, or delete this information, you can contact us via email at humans@astronomer.io.
Your account can be deleted or deactivated, but doing so will
result in your not being able to access certain services.
During the normal course of doing business, we will continue to share your information among our business units, our affiliates and unaffiliated third parties as necessary in order to service your accounts and fill any orders you place with us.

10.
Children Under 13

We have no way of distinguishing the age of individuals who access our website, and so we carry out the same
Privacy Policy for individuals of all ages.
If a child has provided us with personally-identifying information without
parental or guardian consent, the parent or guardian should contact us to remove the information and opt out of
promotional opportunities or other applicable services.

11.
Changes to Our Policy

Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be communicated through our website at least 30 days in advance of its
effective date.
Information collected before changes are made will be secured according to the previous Privacy
Policy.

12.
Your Consent

By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of this information in the manner described in this Privacy
Policy.
LAST UPDATED: January 2019
