

 All sales on our web site are final and refunds are not possible once purchase is made.

If you want to try Astrill product, you can purchase the shortest plan we offer.
 Our software is compatible with the following operating systems: 
Windows 7 up to Windows 10
macOS 10.6 up to macOS 10.14
Linux Ubuntu 16.04 LTS and 18.04 LTS
Android 5 up to Android 9
iOS 9 up to iOS 12
 The software may work on other systems as well, but we provide no guarantee.
If you purchase service to use on incompatible system, no refund is offered.
You'll need to switch to one of mainstream systems like Windows, Mac or Linux.

If our product is not working on your computer because VPN service is blocked by your ISP, we are not responsible, no refunds will be provided in such case.


 Router warranty and refund policy 
Astrill products are covered by a limited liability warranty from defects in material and workmanship.
This warranty does not apply if, in the judgement of Astrill, the product fails due to damage from shipment, handling, storage, accident, abuse or misuse, or if it has been used or maintained in a manner not conforming to the product's instructions, has been modified in any way, or has a defaced or removed serial number.
Repair by anyone other than Astrill or an approved agent voids this warranty.
Warranty is void if customer changes software on hardware product (by flashing another firmware) or by making any other modifications.
The duration of router warranty is 6 months since the date of shipping to customer.
The maximum liability of Astrill is the product purchase price.
 If customer meets the warranty conditions, he/she can choose between a replacement router (shipped for free) or refund in form of Astrill credit, which can be used to purchase any Astrill Services.

Warranty is for the original purchaser only and is not transferable
Proof of purchase is required to get warranty service.
Return shipping is prepaid by the customer.
International customers may be subject to duties, taxes and brokerage fee.
Customers are responsible for fees incurred.




 Last Updated: February 2019 
      