
AudiobookSTORE.com values the privacy and security of our customers and protecting your personal information is extremely important to us.
Our privacy policy, as set out below, applies to AudiobookSTORE.com's collection, storage, use and disclosure of personal information that may be collected by us when you interact with AudiobookSTORE.com, such as when you visit our Website or utilize our Apps, make a purchase from our site, or communicate with customer service. Information Collection &amp.
Storage When you purchase a product from AudiobookSTORE.com, we securely store all information that you provide to us.
We collect visitors' personal information (such as email address and credit card number) for the sole purpose of fulfilling your order quickly and efficiently.
Customer contact information is also used to communicate with customers when necessary (such as to verify or correct an incomplete address).
The financial information that we collect is only used to bill the customer for products that they have purchased directly from AudiobookSTORE.com.
AudiobookSTORE.com may collect and store personal information with respect to registration processes.
account logins.
customer communications.
information and audiobook downloads.
service purchases.
customer support.
and surveys, via both the Website and the Apps.
Your IP address and browser information are stored in a "cookie" file to help maintain certain elements such as your shopping cart.
A cookie is a small data file that web sites write to your hard drive.
A cookie cannot read data off your hard drive nor read other cookie files.
You can refuse cookies by turning this option off in your browser (please consult your browser help files for instructions on how to do this).
Please note that if you disable cookies it may impair your browsing and buying experience.
They only serve to make using our site more convenientfor you (such as saving items in your shopping cart for purchasing at a later date).
When you purchase a product from AudiobookSTORE.com you have the option of choosing to receive future promotional emails (such as sales, special offers, etc).
Customers may choose not to receive future promotional emails at any time by chooseing the "Unsubscribe" link in the emails.
Any email or written correspondence that you send AudiobookSTORE.com via the Website or Apps may be stored (securely of course).
Data from any monetary transaction taking place via AudiobookSTORE.com (Website or Apps) may also be stored. Data Integrity AudiobookSTORE.com processes personal information only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with our privacy policy.
We review our data collection, storage, and process practices regularly to ensure that we only collect, store, and process the information needed to provide our services. Security &amp.
Confidentiality AudiobookSTORE.com restricts access to personal information to AudiobookSTORE.com employees and contractors who require access in order to ensure the Website, Apps and services function smoothly, all of whom are bound to confidentiality agreements and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.
AudiobookSTORE.com has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
AudiobookSTORE.com processes orders with an SSL Secure Commerce Server which utilizes military grade encryption to protect your information.
All credit card information is encoded with strong encryption before storage.
AudiobookSTORE.com does not release your credit card information or mailing address to any outside organizations without your prior electronic consent. Contact AudiobookSTORE.com If you wish to modify information previously provided to AudiobookSTORE.com, remove information from our database to avoid receiving communications, or inquire about this privacy statement, the practices of AudiobookSTORE.com, or your dealings with AudiobookSTORE.com, you may contact us through one of these options:

To email us, click here!

Send mail to:


Attn: Customer Service
 AudiobookSTORE.com
6209 Mid Rivers Mall Dr.
Suite 303 
St.
Peters, MO 63304
