
Version 1.1 (Revised May 18, 2018)
This Acceptable Use Policy (this “
Policy
”) describes prohibited uses of software or services, including any updates (each, a “
Solution
”) offered by Avast Software, s.r.o.
or its affiliates identified here (“
Vendor
”), and any user manuals and instructions provided with the Solution (“
Documentation
”).
The examples described in this Policy are not exhaustive.
We may modify this Policy at any time by posting a revised version on this website.
If you violate the Policy or authorize or help others to do so, we may immediately suspend or terminate your use of any or all of our Solutions.
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined by this Policy have the meanings given by the End User License Agreement (the “
Agreement
”) for the Solutions available here.

1.
You may not copy or use any Solution or Documentation except as authorized by the Agreement.

2.
You may not, and may not permit any third party to: 
2.1.
use any authorization code, license number, username/password combination or other activation code or number supplied by Vendor in connection with any Solution (“
Activation Code
”) on, or for, more than the number of Devices specified by the Applicable Conditions.

2.2.
disclose any Activation Code to any party other than Vendor or Vendor’s designated representatives.

2.3.
except as expressly authorized by law: (i) reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, translate, reconstruct, transform or extract any Solution or any portion of the Solution (including any related malware signatures and malware detection routines).
or (ii) change, modify or otherwise alter any Solution (including any related malware signatures and malware detection routines).

2.4.
except as authorized by a distribution agreement, reseller agreement or other agreement between you and Vendor or other member of Vendor Group, publish, resell, distribute, broadcast, transmit, communicate, transfer, pledge, rent, share or sublicense any Solution.

2.5.
except as expressly authorized by the Agreement, the Applicable Conditions or another agreement between you and Vendor or other member of Vendor Group, use any Solution to manage the facilities of a third party or grant any third party access to or use of any Solution on a service bureau, timesharing, subscription service or application service provider or other similar basis.

2.6.
use any Solution to provide or build a product or service that competes with the Solution.

2.7.
use or attempt to use any Solution to: (i) violate this Policy.
(ii) upload, download, stream, transmit, copy or store any information, data, or materials, or engage or assist in any activity, that may: (A) infringe the intellectual property rights or other rights of any third party.
(B) contain any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, defamatory or otherwise objectionable material of any kind.
(C) harm or attempt to harm others.
(D) have the potential to incite or produce conduct that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, libelous, vulgar, obscene, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically, religiously or sexually discriminatory or otherwise objectionable.
(E) promote or provide instructional information about illegal activities, promote physical harm or injury against any group or individual, or promote any act of cruelty to animals.
(F) impersonate any person or entity or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity.
or (G) assist any fraud, deception or theft.
(H) damage, disable or impair the operation of, or gain or attempt to gain unauthorized access, receipt, use, copying, alteration or destruction of or to, any property, Devices, software, services, networks or data by any means, including by hacking, phishing, spoofing or seeking to circumvent or defeat any firewalls, password protection or other information security protections or controls of whatever nature.
(iii) in any way violate any applicable local, national or international law or regulation.
(iv) forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any content transmitted through the use of the Solution.
(v) upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” or “pyramid schemes”.
or (vi) collect or store personal data without the knowledge and express consent of the data subject;
2.8.
damage, disable or impair the operation of, or gain or attempt to gain unauthorized access to, any Solution or to any property, Devices, software, services, networks or data connected to, or inter-operating with, such Solution, or to any content or data stored, accessed or delivered through such Solution, by any means, including by hacking, phishing, spoofing or seeking to circumvent or defeat any firewalls, password protection or other information security protections or controls of whatever nature;
2.9.
test or benchmark, or disclose or publish testing or benchmark results, for any Solution without Vendor’s prior written consent.
or 
2.10.
defeat or circumvent, attempt to defeat or circumvent, or authorize or assist any third party in defeating or circumventing controls on the use of copies of any Solution.


3.
Conflicts.
The Agreement may include similar or additional restrictions on your use of a Solution.
If and to the extent this Policy and the Agreement conflict, the more restrictive provisions will govern.

Please click here to view other Acceptable Use Policy (including archived versions)
