
         avoidthehack! Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy was last updated: 24 OCT 2021 View previous
As a website that promotes end-user cybersecurity and user data privacy, avoidthehack! respects the privacy of all visitors.
As a testament to this, we will keep our privacy policy short and easy to understand.
Information we collect
avoidthehack! uses Matomo for analytics, which is an open source and privacy-friendly analytics software.
It is GDPR and CCPA compliant.
We self-host Matomo on our own servers, so what limited information it collects remains in house.
Our Matomo configuration collects:

The first two bytes of your IP address (192.168.xxx.xxx).
The rest is anonymized.
The pages of this website (and only this website) that you visit
Your browser's referrer header, if one is sent.
This is automatically anonymized so that we only collect the domain of the URL, even if your browser offers the full string.

If your browser happens to send a DO NOT TRACK (DNT) request to our website on your behalf, we honor these requests by default.
We don't collect personally identifiable information without consent.
If we do collect personal data, such as your email address, it is only via user consent such as when you fill out our contact form.
Information third-parties collect
We use Commento's commenting system for the comment sections of most of our posts.

This commenting system does allow you to comment anonymously.
Please note that if you choose to "login" to post a comment, then a persistent cookie will be stored on your device.
How we use your information
The information we collect via Matomo is used to further improve avoidthehack! for all visitors.
Specifically, we use information collected to:

Optimize this website for speed and ease-of-use
Ensure site security from potential attackers

What contact information you may give to us is used to provide a response and/or contact you, ex: in response to a question you may ask.
avoidthehack! DOES NOT sell any personal information...
because there's nothing to sell.
If you would like to remain anonymous when sending us a message, you do not have to use your real name or email address.

Please be aware that if you do not use your real email address, we won't be able to respond to your message.

Any update to this policy will be made readily available to users on our homepage.

SEE ALSO:

Cookie Policy

Take Me to a Random Article 
      