



 About 
 Guides 
 Resources 


 Back 
 Browser Comparison Tool 
 Free Privacy Tools 
 Recommendations 
 PrivateBin 




 Privacy Tools 


 Back 
 Privacy Browsers 
 Search Engines 
 Tracker Blocking 
 DNS Providers 
 Operating Systems 
 VPN 
 Secure Messengers 
 Secure Email 




 Cybersecurity 101 


 Back 
 Passwords 
 Multifactor Authentication 
 Social Engineering 




 Contact 
 avoidthehack! Terms of Service
The avoidthehack! Terms of Service was last updated: 2 JAN 2022

This is applicable to the public services/instances that avoidthehack! hosts for all to use.
Additionally, please also review the very short and easy-to-read avoidthehack Privacy Policy.
Like the avoidthehack! privacy policy, we aim to keep this ToS simple, short, and sweet.
Conditions of use
By using services provided by avoidthehack, you are therefore agreeing to this Terms of Service agreement.
If you do not agree with this document, then it's assumed that you will not use any service provided by avoidthehack!
Continued use of the general website assumes you have read and agree to the avoidthehack Privacy Policy..
Acceptable Use
By using any of the services provided by avoidthehack, you agree not to use any provided service in a way that will:

bring harm upon avoidthehack's infrastructure or availability to other users (ex: using exploits to gain unauthorized access to certain parts of the site/service)
launch web attacks on other persons/websites/businesses (ex: doxing individuals)
violate the copyrights/intellectual rights of any other individual or businesses (ex: posting direct links for pirating purposes)

Additionally, users are solely responsible for any user-generated content they may post - this includes any ramifications that are real or imagined as a result of the user generated content.
Some services that allow for user generated content are blind to our servers (such as our PrivateBin instance) - so yes, what you post in most cases is on you.

Liability
You agree that avoidthehack is not liable for any damages of any kind you accrue or cause by usage of our services.

You agree to not hold avoidthehack liable in any case where you cause damage to yourself, your devices, or any other persons/businesses and/or their infrastructure.
Changes to this agreement are to be expected and any changes made will be made visible to all users who visit our website, more specifically the Services page. Twitter Mastodon Github RSS 
 Information 
 Sitemap 
 About 
 Contact 
 Support Us 
 Privacy+Cybersecurity 
 Privacy Tools 
 Cybersecurity 101 
 Resources 
 Guides 
 Other 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms of Service 
 © 2020 - 2022 avoidthehack! LLC 
      