
         avoidthehack! Cookie Policy
This website, avoidthehack.com (from now on to be called "avoidthehack!") uses cookies.
KEY TAKEAWAYS:

We DO NOT use third-party cookies.
All cookies from avoidthehack! are first-party only

We use "essential" cookies, which are essential for proper website functions and nothing else
We use a session cookie that expires automatically after 30 mins
We use analytic cookies, set by our self-hosted Matomo analytics software - you can opt-out of these here.




What are cookies?
Cookies are a small text file that is stored on your device.
Cookies can be used to collect, store, and share pieces of information about your activities across websites, including on avoidthehack! Additionally, cookies allow avoidthehack! or a third party to recognize you.
Cookies might be used for these purposes:

To enable certain functions
To provide analytics
To store your preferences
To enable appropriate ad delivery and customized advertising 

Cookies directly from avoidthehack!
avoidthehack! uses both session cookies and persistent cookies.
Session cookies
A session cookie is used to identify a particular visit to avoidthehack!.
Our session cookie is set to expire after 30 minutes, or after you close your web browser after using avoidthehack!.

These cookies are used to identify you during a single browsing session.
We do not store personally identifiable information.
Persistent cookies
A persistent cookie will remain on your device(s) for a set period of time.
This period of time is defined in the cookie itself.
We use these cookies to identify you over a longer period of time.
For example, a persistent cookie stored on your device(s) by avoidthehack! allows us to stop displaying the Cookies Notice banner after you've clicked "Understood."
Third party cookies
avoidthehack! DOES NOT use third party cookies on the website.
Any cookies stored on your device (whether essential or analytics) are first-party only.
Your cookies options
We are all about privacy and security over at avoidthehack!

If you don't like the idea of cookies or certain types of cookies, you have the freedom of changing your browser's settings to delete cookies that have been set.
You can also choose not to accept new cookies.
This process differs slightly between web browsers.
In order to learn more about how to do this, visit the help pages of your particular browser.
Please be aware
Should you delete cookies, or choose not to accept cookies, you run the risk of some of pages on avoidthehack! not displaying correctly.

Additionally, avoidthehack! will not be able to store your preferences and not at all of the features the website offers may be available.
More information about cookies
You can learn more about cookies by visiting the following third party websites:

All about Cookies
Network Advertising Initiative

SEE ALSO:

Privacy Policy

Take Me to a Random Article 
      