
        Go to :
content
search
AXA_Logo_Solid_RGB
MagazineMagazineA journal of ideas, experiences, and the people that make them, these are our stories, based upon the topics that drive our strategy and the events that fill our calendar.Discover this sectionSubscribe to email alerts
In the News
Protecting what matters
Move the world forward
#AXA Solidarity Response
About usAbout usLearn more about our mission and vision to protect people by using innovation and putting our customers and people first.Discover this section
Who we are
Our Purpose
Strategic Plan: Driving Progress 2023
Innovation to better protect our customers
Our history
Key figures


What we do
Our locations
Corporate Governance
Governance overview
Board of Directors
Board Committees
Executive Management
Commitment to transparency
Stakeholder Advisory Panel


Sustainability
Vision and commitments
Climate Change &amp.
Biodiversity
Inclusive Protection
Philanthropy &amp.
Volunteering
Responsible Corporation


AXA Research Fund
2020 Integrated Report
InsightsInsightsAXA Insights leverages AXA expertise, knowledge and science to better understand and anticipate current and future societal and business challenges, enlighten decision-making and drive innovation.Discover this section
Environmental Protection
Health &amp.
Prevention
Global Economy &amp.
Inclusion
This is the ‘Decisive Decade’ to Fight Climate Change — and Insurers Need to Play a Key Role
PressPressThis section gives you access to content and services primarily designed to meet the journalist's needs.
Read our latest press releases along with exclusive interviews of our leaders.Discover this sectionSubscribe to email alerts
Home Press
Press Releases
Leader's Voice
Financial Results
Publications
Events and conferences
Full Year 2020 Earnings
InvestorsInvestorsFor the most up to date information on financial performance, shareholder services, access to the activity report as well as a complete reporting dashboard.Discover this sectionInvestor RelationsIndividual Shareholders
The AXA Share
AXA Share Performance
Listings and market indices
Capital ownership
Analysts Coverage
Ratings


Individual Shareholders
Being a shareholder
AXA Shareholders’ Circle
Advisory Committee for Individual Shareholders
Shareholders' Meetings
Pure registered shares with AXA


Earnings and reports
Earnings Presentations
Annual and Interim Reports


Press Releases
Events and conferences
Analysts and Investors
Individual Shareholders


Publications
Legal information &amp.
financing
Financing
Organization Charts
Sustainability Bond Framework and reports
Listed Notes (EMTN)
Listed notes (other)
Equity or equity linked
Regulated information


Stock PriceAXA - Paris07/08/2021(06:30 PM CET)€21.285-1.53%AXA share performanceCalculate your performance
CareersCareersExplore career opportunities for graduates and experienced professionals, take a look at employee lifestyles and learn how our people impact the business and community.Discover this section
Apply now
Why choose us
Shape the way you work
Grow your potential
Thrive within a diverse community
Move the world forward


Ready to Join us?
Our Recruitment Process
Tips to apply


Accelerating on our path to gender equality
Find usenfrSearch the websiteDIRECT ACCESS

Contact us
Subscribe to email alerts
Regulated information

DATA PROTECTION

Cookie Policy
Cookie Management
Privacy Policy

FOLLOW US










English/FrançaisLegal information and terms of use © 2021 AXA All Rights ReservedCookie ManagementBecause we respect your right to privacy, we allow you to refuse certain types of cookies either completely or on a purpose-by-purpose basis.
Click on the different categories to see more detail on each type, and customize your choices.
However, if you block certain types of cookies, your browsing experience and the services we are able to offer you may be impacted.

We retain your choice for 6 months.
You can change your mind at any time by clicking on the "Set cookies" link at the bottom of the pages of this website.
 Some features of this website rely on services offered by third-party sites.
If you consent, these third-party sites will drop cookies that will allow you to visualize content hosted by these third parties on our website and share our contents.
These third-party will collect your browsing data and use the data collected via their cookies for purposes they have determined in accordance with their privacy policy.
To exercise your rights on the data collected via third-party cookies or for any questions about its processing, you should contact its organization directly.
More informationAllow All Manage Consent PreferencesStrictly Necessary CookiesAlways ActiveThese cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems.
They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.
You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.
Cookies Details‎Audience Measurement Cookies Audience Measurement Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site.
They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
All information these cookies collect is aggregated.
If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.Cookies Details‎Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation.
They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.
If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.Cookies Details‎Social Media Cookies Social Media Cookies These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests.
This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit.
If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.Cookies Details‎Back Button Performance Cookies
Vendor Search Search IconFilter IconClear checkbox label labelApply CancelConsent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label
View Cookies
Namecookie name


Reject All Confirm My ChoicesCookie

AXA and its 7 third party providers use cookies/tracers for the following purposes: 


audience measurement, to compile statistics based on the use of our website,

social media sharing, to share content on social networks or platforms present on our sites,

functionalities management, to provide enhanced functionality and personalization on our website.




You are free to accept or refuse these cookies/tracers.
We will retain your choice for 6 months.
You can change your mind at any time by clicking on the "Personalize my choices" link.

List of the third parties and cookie policy 
Personalize my choices Reject All Accept All
      