
        Skip Navigation1-800-584-0015LocationsReturn HomeOnline Banking Personal BankingPersonal BankingPersonal Checking Personal Savings Personal CDs / IRAs Personal Loans Convenient Services Schedule an Appointment Online Account Open Business BankingBusiness BankingBusiness Checking Business Savings &amp.
CDs Commercial BankingCommercial BankingCommercial Checking Financial Partners Treasury Management Branded Financial Services Commercial FinanceCommercial FinanceContact Us About UsAbout UsOur Values Financial Education Axiom’s History Our Leadership Team Careers Online BankingAxiom BankingTerms and ConditionsTerms and ConditionsPersonal BankingPersonal BankingPersonal Checking Personal Savings Personal CDs / IRAs Personal Loans Convenient Services Schedule an Appointment Online Account Open Business BankingBusiness BankingBusiness Checking Business Savings &amp.
CDs Commercial BankingCommercial BankingCommercial Checking Financial Partners Treasury Management Branded Financial Services Commercial FinanceCommercial FinanceContact Us About UsAbout UsOur Values Financial Education Axiom’s History Our Leadership Team Careers 1-800-584-0015LocationsWEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
These terms govern the use of www.AxiomBanking.com.
Please read them carefully before accessing the website.
If you do not agree with these terms, do not access the website.
By accessing the website or any of its pages, you agree to be bound by these terms of use.
This website has been established by Axiom Bank, N.A.
(the Bank) for the sole purpose of conveying information about the Bank’s products and services and to allow communication between the Bank and its customers and prospects.
Information that appears on this website should be considered an advertisement.
Nothing contained in any page on this website takes the place of the Bank’s agreements and disclosures that govern its products and services.
If any information on the website conflicts with that in the Bank’s agreements and disclosures, the agreements and disclosures will control.
From time to time the Bank may place links to other websites on this website.
Unless otherwise stated in writing, the Bank does not operate and has no control over any other website and is not responsible for the content on any website other than this one.
Users assume all responsibility when they go to other websites via the links on the website.
You acknowledge and agree that: (a) you access linked websites at your own risk.
(b) the Bank makes no endorsement of, and assume no responsibility for, any goods or services offered by the companies on linked websites.
(c) the Bank makes no representation or warranty, and assumes no responsibility for, any linked website or the actions or omissions of its owners or operators.
and (d) although the Bank may have a contractual or other relationship with the operators of a linked website, the Bank will not be responsible for the content, accuracy, integrity or operation of the linked website.
The information and materials contained in this website are owned by the Bank unless otherwise indicated and are protected by copyright and trademark laws.
These materials include, but are not limited to, the software, source code, design, text, images, graphics, and other content on the website.
Similarly, all Axiom Bank trademarks, trade names, logos, and service marks belong solely to the Bank.
No material may be copied, displayed, transmitted, distributed, framed, sold, stored for use, downloaded, or otherwise reproduced with prior written consent of the Bank or except as permitted by law.
You may not modify, reverse engineer, or de-compile any of the technology that the Bank makes available to you.
The Bank makes no warranties of any kind regarding the products and services advertised on this website, and use of the website and its contents are provided AS IS and on an as available basis.
The Bank will use reasonable efforts to ensure that all information displayed is accurate.
however, the Bank is not responsible for and expressly disclaims any representation and warranty, express and implied, including, without limitation, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, suitability, non-infringement, security, freedom from errors, and the ability to use the website without contracting a computer virus to the fullest extent permissible by law.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL AXIOM BANK, N.A.
BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THIS WEBSITE OR ANY PORTION THEREOF, INCLUDING LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, WEBSITE CONTENT OR ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES, OR ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, EFFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER VIRUS, LINE SYSTEM FAILURE, LOSS OF DATA, OR LOSS OF USE RELATED TO THE WEBSITE OR ANY LINKED WEBSITE REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THE BANK HAS BEEN APPRISED OF THE LIKELIHOOD OF SUCH DAMAGES OCCURRING AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE.
This limitation includes, but is not limited to the omission of information, the failure of equipment, the delay or inability to receive or transmit information, the delay or inability to print information, the transmission of any computer virus, or the transmission of any other malicious or disabling code or procedure.
This limitation applies even if the Bank has been informed of the possibility of such loss or damage.
You agree to indemnify and hold the Bank harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, liability, cost, and expenses, including, but not limited to attorney’s fees, arising out of (i) your use of the website.
(ii) your violation of these Terms and Conditions, or (iii) your violation of any applicable federal, state, local laws and regulations relating to your use of the website.
This indemnification and hold harmless obligation will survive the termination of these Terms and Conditions.
The Bank may terminate your use of the website and any of the products or services at any time without cause.
These Terms and Conditions will continue to apply following any such termination regarding obligations or incidents arising prior to termination.
This agreement may be changed from time to time by posting the new Terms and Conditions on the website.
All users agree to be subject to this agreement as it changes from time to time.
This agreement and the use of this website are governed by the laws of the State of Florida, without regard to conflict of laws principles, including interpretation, enforceability, validity and construction.
The parties submit to the jurisdiction and venue of the circuit court for the County of Orange, State of Florida, with respect to any action arising, directly or indirectly, out of these Terms and Conditions or the performance or breach of access to and use of the website and these Terms and Conditions.
The parties stipulate that the venue referenced in these Terms and Conditions is convenient.
These Terms and Conditions are binding upon the successors, legal representatives and permitted assigns of you and the Bank.
No transfer any of your rights or obligations under the Terms and Conditions is permitted without the Bank’s prior written consent.
All of the Bank’s rights and obligations under the Terms and Conditions are assignable by the Bank.
The Bank does not waive any right under or term or provision the Terms and Conditions, and no waiver will be deemed a waiver of any other right, term or provision of the Terms and Conditions at that time or a waiver of that or any other right, term, or provision of the Terms and Conditions at any other time.

Routing Number: 263184815Helpful LinksCareers
Locations
Debit Cards
Allied Affiliated Funding
Apple &amp.
Google Pay
Schedule an Appointment
Personal Checking
Personal Savings
Fraud &amp.
Identity Theft©2023 Axiom Banking.
All Rights Reserved.Terms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicyWebsite Accessibility NoticeDisclosures &amp.
FormsExternalExternal Link Notice
This link will take you away from AxiomBanking.com.
The site you are about to visit is not owned by Axiom Bank, we cannot guarantee the products, information or recommendations contained therein.
Axiom is neither liable for products or services advertised on other sites, nor responsible for the validity of the content on linked sites, how they handle data or their security practices.
For more information, review the privacy policies of linked sites that you visit.
YesNo

