
        AXIOM BANK PRIVACY POLICY,WHAT DOES AXIOM BANK, N.A.
DO WITH YOURPERSONAL INFORMATION?,Why?Financial companies choose how they share your personal information.
Federal law ,gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing.
Federal law also requires ,us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information.
Please ,read this notice carefully to understand what we do.,What?The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or ,service you have with us.
This information can include: ,•Social Security number and payment history,•Account balances and transaction or loss history,•Credit history and checking account information ,When you are no longerour customer, we continue to share your information as ,described in this notice.,How?All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their ,everyday business.
In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can ,share their customers' personal information.
the reasons Axiom Bank, N.A chooses to ,share.
and whether you can limit this sharing.,Reasons we can share your personal informationN.A.
share?sharing?,Does Axiom Bank, Can you limit this ,For our everyday business purposes-YesNo,such as to process your transactions, maintain your ,account(s), respond to court orders and legal ,investigations, or report to credit bureaus,For our marketing purposes-YesNo,to offer our products and services to you,For joint marketing with other financial companiesNoWe do not share,For our affiliates' everyday business purposesNoWe do not share,information about your transactions and experiences,For our affiliates' everyday business purposes-NoWe do not share,information about your creditworthiness,For our affiliates to market to youNoWe do not share,For nonaffiliates to market to youNoWe do not share,QUESTIONS?Call toll-free 1-800-584-0015 or visit www.AxiomBanking.com,WHO WE ARE,Who is providing this notice?Axiom Bank means Axiom Bank, N.A.,WHAT WE DO,How does Axiom Bank To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and ,protect my personal use, we use security measures that comply with federal law.
These ,information?measures include computer safeguards and secured files and ,buildings.
,We also maintain other physical, electronic, and procedural ,safeguards to protect this information and we limit access to ,information to those employees for whom access is appropriate.,How does Axiom Bank collect We collect your personal information, for example, when you ,my personalinformation?,•Open an account or apply for a loan ,•Use your credit or debit card or make deposits or withdrawals ,from your account ,•Provide account information ,We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit ,bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.,Why can’t I limit all sharing?Federal law gives you the right to limit only,•Sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes-information ,about your creditworthiness,•Affiliates from using your information to market to you,•Sharing for non-affiliates to market to you ,State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to ,limit sharing.,DEFINITIONS,AffiliatesCompanies related by commonownership or control.
They can be ,financial and nonfinancial companies.
,•Axiom Bank does not share with our affiliates.,NonaffiliatesCompanies not related by common ownership or control.
They can be ,financial and nonfinancial companies.
,•Axiom Bank does not share with nonaffiliates, so they can ,market to you.,Joint marketingA formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that ,together market financial products or services to you.,•Axiom Bank does not jointly market.,OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION,In addition to federal law, if you are protected by specific state or local regulations concerning ,information sharing and marketing, Axiom Bank, N.A.
will also fully comply with those regulations.
      