
         Terms of Service § General AzireVPN is a service offered by Netbouncer AB (559089-4175) registered in Sweden.
By registering on this website the user is agreeing to be bound by these Terms of Service. § Payments All payments are made in advance.
The service will be automatically cancelled if the user doesn't renew his account before expiration date.
After a successful payment the user will be notified by e-mail and a receipt is created that is accessible from the control panel. § Affiliate &amp.
Referrals AzireVPN has an open affiliate system.
All payments are done through Paypal, minimum payout is 100 EUR.
Only "white-hat" marketing methods are allowed when using our affiliate- and referral links, we do not tolerate marketing through spam. § Refund policy Having accepted the Terms of Service and made a successful payment, the user agrees with and confirms that Service has been initiated.
The result of the abovementioned is that the user’s right to withdraw from the agreement in accordance with SFS (2005:59) is not applicable.
However, AzireVPN offers a 7-day money-back-guarantee which means that you have the right to refund your payment if you are not happy with the service up to 7 days from when you issued the payment.
Please note: Refundal policy not valid for 1 Month packages and cryptocurrency transactions. § Logging AzireVPN does NOT log any traffic or user activity while using our service.
AzireVPN does NOT log timestamps or any information relating to when a user connects/disconnects from our service.
AzireVPN does NOT log or shape any bandwidth on our servers.
AzireVPN does NOT log the original IP addresses of our users when they connect OR their AzireVPN IP address when they are using our service.
AzireVPN does NOT log the number of your active sessions or total sessions.
AzireVPN does NOT log your DNS requests on our servers. § Limitation of Liability AzireVPN is not responsible for a non-working service if the User has a non-usable internet connection and/or hardware- or software issues.
AzireVPN cannot be held responsible for any loss of service due to external damages or interruptions. § Dispute The application and interpretation of this Agreement shall be settled in accordance with Swedish law.
Disputes are heard by The National Board or the general court.
