
         Privacy Policy General At Azzure Media, accessible from azzuremedia.net, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors.
This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Azzure Media and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at privacy@azzuremedia.net. General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) We are a Data Controller of your information.
Azzure Media's legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Information we collect and the specific context in which we collect that information:

Azzure Media needs to perform a contract with you
You have given Azzure Media permission to do so
Processing your personal information is in Azzure Media's legitimate interests
Azzure Media needs to comply with the law

Azzure Media will retain your personal information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
We will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our policies.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Information we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:

The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you.
The right of rectification.
The right to object.
The right of restriction.
The right to data portability
The right to withdraw consent
 Log Files Azzure Media follows a standard procedure of collecting log files.
These files log visitors when they visit our website.
All hosting companies do this and are a part of hosting services' analytics.
The information collected by these log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks.
These are not linked to any personally identifiable information.
The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information. Cookies and Web Beacons Like any other website, Azzure Media uses Cookies.
These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited.
The information is used to optimize the users' experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information. Privacy Policies We don't run third party ads on our website.
The following is a list of third-party tools we use that use cookies, Javascript, and Web-beacons to track you.
We don't have control over these Cookies.
Google Analytics - https://policies.google.com/privacy
Cloudflare - https://www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy Third-Party Privacy Policies Azzure Media's Privacy Policy does not apply to third parties such as advertisers or third-party websites.
Thus, we advise you to consult the Privacy Policies of these third-party servers for more detailed information.
It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt out of certain options.
You can choose to disable cookies through your browser options.
To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, locate information from the website of your browser. Children's Information Another one of our priorities is adding protection for children while using the internet.
We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, monitor, and/or guide their online activity.
Azzure Media does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13.
If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best to promptly remove such information from our records. Online Privacy Policy Only Our Privacy Policy applies only to your online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that you've shared and/or collect by Azzure Media.
This policy does not apply to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website. Consent By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.
