
         Privacy Policy Last Updated June 2, 2021
We recognize, respect and protect the personal privacy rights of all our customers and work diligently to safeguard your privacy.
We are committed to providing a high level of security and privacy regarding the collection and use of our customers’ personal information, as well as the personal information of all consumers who visit our website.
The following privacy policy explains how we use and protect the information about our customers.
We ask that you read it carefully.
By using our website, you hereby consent to our privacy policy and agree to its terms. Facts: What Do We Do with Your Personal Information? Why? Companies choose how they share your personal information.
Consumers have the right to limit some but not all sharing.
We are committed to telling you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information.
Please read this policy carefully to understand what we do. What? The types of personal information we collect and share depend on whether you simply browse our website or whether you submit a loan request on our website.
This information generally includes, but is not limited to:

Information you enter on our website or a website in our network, such as:

Personal information like your name and date of birth.
Age, including whether you are 40 years old or older
Social Security number, driver’s license number, and/or other similar identifiers
Employment and income information
Active military duty status
Banking account information
Contact information like your email address, phone number, and physical address (including how long you’ve been at that address)
Loan information like the amount requested, the loan reason, and when you prefer to be contacted
Your communications with us


Tracking data such as:

internet protocol addresses,
browser / application type,
Internet Service Provider,
date/time stamp,
referring/exit pages, and
your activity on our site


Credit report information from credit reporting agencies (collected but never shared)
Geolocation data
 How? Companies like ours need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business.
When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to keep that personal information confidential.
In the sections below, we list the reasons we use and share customers’ personal information and whether you can limit this sharing. Our Use of Your Personal Information We may use personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:

To fulfill or meet the reason for which the information is provided.
For example, if you provide us with personal information in order for us to connect you with a lender, we will use that information to try to connect you with a lender.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.
To provide you with email alerts and other notices concerning our products or services, or events or news, that may be of interest to you.
To improve our website and present its contents to you, including creating an account using the information you provide on our website so you can easily submit loan inquiries in the future.
For testing, research, analysis and product development.
As necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our clients or others.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us is among the assets transferred.
To create an account for you so that you can more easily submit loan inquiries in the future on this website and our affiliated websites using your previously-provided information.
 Sharing Your Personal Information Reasons We May Share Your Personal Information Do We Share Can You Limit This Sharing For our everyday business purposes – such as to try to connect you with a lender or process your transactions.
Yes
At the time you submit a loan request: No
Any time after you submit a loan request: Yes
For our marketing purposes – to offer our products and services to you
Yes
At the time you submit a loan request: No
Any time after you submit a loan request: Yes
For joint marketing with other companies
Yes
At the time you submit a loan request: No
Any time after you submit a loan request: Yes
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes – to choose whether to offer you a loan or to connect you with a lender.
Yes
At the time you submit a loan request: No
Any time after you submit a loan request: Yes
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes – to offer you other products and/or services related to your request for a loan.
Yes
At the time you submit a loan request: No
Any time after you submit a loan request: Yes
For our affiliates to market to you
Yes
At the time you submit a loan request: No
Any time after you submit a loan request: Yes
For non-affiliates to market to you
Yes
At the time you submit a loan request: No
Any time after you submit a loan request: Yes
To respond to court orders and legal investigations as required by law.
Yes
No Categories of Third-Parties We Share Your Information With 




Lenders
Network of lenders
Agents of record for lenders
Other companies that may be able to offer you or market products or services related to your loan request (for example, credit repair offers and other credit related offers).
Other third-party marketing partners
 To limit our sharing Call this toll-free number: (800) 245-5626
Email us at
support@badcreditloans.com
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing of your information. Information we do not collect or share We do not collect or share any of the following information about you: signature, physical characteristics or description, passport number, medical information, health insurance Here’s our Contact Info.
For questions please contact us at:
BadCreditLoans.com
(800) 245-5626
support@badcreditloans.com
http://www.badcreditloans.com What We Do How do we protect your personal information? To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with applicable law.
These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. How do we collect your personal information? We collect your personal information, for example, when you:

Create an account
Request a loan
Provide information on our forms
Navigate to or use our website
Communicate with us
Request a loan through a different website in our network

We may also obtain information about you from third parties, including credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies. Why can’t you limit all sharing at the time you submit a loan request? You cannot limit all sharing at the time you submit a loan request because to connect you with a lender we need to share your information with our network of lenders and other networks of lenders so the lenders in these networks can choose whether to offer you a loan or market their loans to you.
However, you can contact us at any time after you submit your loan request to limit all sharing. Definitions Affiliates Companies with whom we have a formal business relationship Non-affiliates Companies not related by common ownership and control, and with which we do not have a formal business relationship Joint Marketing A formal agreement between nonaffiliated companies that together market products or services to you Other Important Information For California Residents
See the section below titled “For California Residents Only.”
Your Credit Score
We may obtain a “soft pull” of your credit score to help connect you with a lender.
We do not share this information with anyone.
Cookies
A cookie is a file which contains data that is stored on a visitor’s hard drive.
This data includes information about the visitor.
A visitor has the option to reject a cookie and they still will be able to access our Website, however, the user may not have access to certain sections of our Website if cookies are disabled.
The purpose of using cookies is to allow us to track the intent of our visitors and enhance visitor experience while using our Website.
All cookies, including session cookies and persistent cookies, served on the Website are tied to PII that you provide.
Our affiliates and partners may use cookies on our Website, however, we cannot control or access cookies set by third parties.
Additional Sharing
We cannot guarantee that all of your information will not be disclosed in ways not covered in this Privacy Policy.
There may be circumstances in which the disclosure of your information happens as result of unlawful interception or transmission to a third party.
Also, a legal situation may occur in which the disclosure of your PII or other information is required.
Additionally, as we develop and grow, we may choose to buy additional businesses or assets, including customer information.
In the event that we or one or more of our assets are acquiring, customer information may be one of the assets sold.
Minors
We do not knowingly collect or disclose information from children under the age of 18.
No information is knowingly collected from children or used for any purpose whatsoever, including marketing and promotional purposes.
If a parent or guardian is made aware that a child under the age of 18 has provided us with PII through any point of contact, please contact us using the contact information provided above.
Unsubscribe
You can remove your information from our contact list at any time with no questions asked.
To remove your information from our database to no longer receive future communications from us, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
Updates
We may update this Privacy Policy with any changes to our information practices.
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time.
If we make any material changes to our information practices, we will revise this Privacy Policy.
We recommend that you read and review this Privacy Policy each and every time you access our website and/or use any service referred to you by us.
Your use of the website constitutes your agreement to the terms of the effective Privacy Policy. For California Residents Only Access to Specific Information You can request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months, including:

The categories and sources of personal information we collected about you.
Our purpose for collecting or sharing that information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information, including the categories of information each category of third parties received and the business reasons for sharing.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected (data portability request).
 Deletion Request Rights We will delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:

Complete the processing of your loan request or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise another provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal.
Penal Code § 1546 et.
seq.).
 Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by sending an email to support@badcreditloans.com with the exact subject line “California Resident Exercising Access, Data Portability, or Deletion Rights” or by calling (800) 245-5626.
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period.
The verifiable consumer request must: (a) Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative and (b) Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.
If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights You have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time by sending an email to support@badcreditloans.com with the exact subject line “California Resident Personal Information Sales Opt-Out” or by calling (800) 245-5626. Non-Discrimination We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights described in this “For California Residents Only” section or any other rights granted to you under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018. Do Not Track (DNT) signals We do not track our customers over time and across third party websites, and therefore do not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.
However, we may use third-party services (e.g., Google Analytics) or have third-party advertising partners (e.g., Google, noted above) who may keep track of your browsing activities.
You should review the specific privacy policies of these third parties at the following addresses to learn how they respond to DNT signals:
Google: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Amazon: https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496
Microsoft: https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement/default.aspx California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of this site that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
To make such a request, please send an email to support@badcreditloans.com with the exact subject line “California Resident Shine the Light Request” or write to us to physical address above. Other Disclosures All of the categories of information described in the “What Do We Do with Your Personal Information?” section above have been collected and disclosed by us in the preceding 12 months. Request up to $10,000 Get Started 
      