
         Barinsta 
Home 


Frequently-Asked Questions 


A note on Addiction 


Official Community Chatrooms 

Legal stuff

Terms &amp.
Conditions 
Privacy Policy 




Contribute to the project! 


Donate to the dev! 


 Barinsta 
Docs »
Legal stuff »
Privacy Policy




Summary: I don't collect stuff unless you send me crash dumps.
Interaction with Instagram is minimized, but you still need to agree to their privacy policy.
Note

The summary and headings are added for ease of reading and should not be considered as parts of this privacy policy.
This Privacy Policy only applies to v19.0 and later, as it is modified to reflect functionality changes.
Generally, older version is subject to the same policy with some changes, but the spirit is the same.
If you have any questions, feel free to ask me.
 Declaration

The app does not, and will not, collect data, unless operationally necessary.
The app does not, and will not, share data, unless either operationally necessary (Interaction with Instagram) or with voluntary consent (Logs, as well as third-party services).
The app does not, and will not, have features that allows monetization.
(I accept donations, but without perks, and it's separate from the app.)

Scope

This Privacy Policy ("Policy" or "the Policy" thereafter) applies to version 19.0 and later.
The Policy does not apply to any forks of this app (should there be), but their implementation of this Policy is strongly encouraged.
The Policy does not apply to any services around the app (Documentation, GitHub, Crowdin, Telegram...) either.

First Party
Crash dumps

Crash dumps are stored locally on your device, until you choose to send it (Through the "Report" button on crash).
These may contain personal information (Device model, app version, what action you're trying to do...), and it is your sole responsibility to redact them as necessary.
If you choose to send them, these information will only be used to improve the app, and you consent to further communication about your report.
If you email your crash report to barinsta@austinhuang.me (default address), your email address will be published along with your crash report, but you may withdraw consent by contacting im@austinhuang.me.

Preferences
Preferences are stored locally.
The cookie (if logged in) is shared with Instagram to authenticate, otherwise they are not used outside the app.
You can explicitly choose to export it, however the file will be under your sole responsibility.
Third Party
Interaction with Instagram
Interaction with Instagram is minimized:

The app will request content that you explicitly want to be displayed, for example: If you want to see posts, then they are requested from Instagram.
Your language preference (within the app) and your timezone is sent to Instagram (since they do affect content display).
Other personal details, including and not limited to phone details, call logs, contacts, how-long-you've-read-a-post, battery level, etc, are not sent.
The app will send data that you explicitly want to be sent.
For example: If you like/comment on posts, Instagram is informed of your action.
The app will not voluntarily make requests (such as mark-as-seen) for you without your explicit consent.
However, since we do send requests, your usage of this app still constitutes your acceptance of Instagram's Data Policy.

Optional third-party providers
This section is only valid before v19.0.4, inclusive.
For anonymous users: Should you choose to use one of the third-party providers proposed to you in Settings, you accept their Privacy Policy.
Interaction with them is minimized as if the app is interacting with Instagram itself.
Conclusion
Reminder: This app is open source and these statements can be easily audited. Previous Reach over 7 million devs each month when you advertise with Read the Docs.
Sponsored · Ads served ethically

Documentation: Copyright © 2020-2021 Austin Huang.
Licensed under CC BY-SA 4.0. Built with MkDocs using a theme provided by Read the Docs.
GitHub « Previous &nbsp.
v: latest 
Versions

latest



On Read the Docs
 Project Home 
 Builds 
 Downloads 


On GitHub
 View 
 Edit 


Search



 Hosted by Read the Docs · Privacy Policy 
