
This website uses cookies.
We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, personalize content, and assist in our marketing efforts.
By continuing to use our website, you consent to our use of cookies. 
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site.
For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies.
Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration page on our websites.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Your consent applies to the following domains: bartellbartell.com Your current state: Use necessary cookies only. Your current state: Do Not Sell My Personal Information. Your current state: Allow selection (Necessary, Preferences, Statistics, Marketing). Your current state: Allow all cookies. Your consent ID: 0Consent date: Change your consent  |  Withdraw your consentDo Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie declaration last updated on 3/12/21 by Cookiebot: 
Necessary (5) 
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website.
The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Name Provider Purpose Expiry Type cid takeamp.com Preserves user login data.
Session HTTP Cookie CookieConsent Cookiebot Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain 1 year HTTP Cookie PHPSESSID bartellbartell.com Preserves user session state across page requests.
Session HTTP Cookie rc::a Google This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
Persistent HTML Local Storage rc::c Google This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
Session HTML Local Storage Statistics (3) 
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Name Provider Purpose Expiry Type _ga bartellbartell.com Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
2 years HTTP Cookie _gat bartellbartell.com Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate 1 day HTTP Cookie _gid bartellbartell.com Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
1 day HTTP Cookie Marketing (1) 
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites.
The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Name Provider Purpose Expiry Type ads/ga-audiences Google Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites.
Session Pixel Tracker 
      