

 United States Countries/Regions/Markets 
 Argentina 
 Australia 
 Österreich 
 Belgique 
 Brasil 
 Canada (English) 
 Canada (Français) 
 中国 
 Česká republika 
 Danmark 


 Eesti 
 Suomi 
 France 
 Deutschland 
 Greece 
 Hong Kong SAR 
 India 
 Indonesia 
 Ireland 
 Italia 


 日本 
 한국 
Latvia
 Lietuva 
 Malaysia 
 México 
 Netherlands 
 New Zealand 
 Norge 
 Pakistan 


 Philippines 
 Polska 
 Portugal 
 România 
 Россия 
 Singapore 
 South Africa 
 España 
 Sverige 
 Suisse 


 Schweiz 
 Taiwan 
 Türkiye 
 United Kingdom 
 United States 






Newsroom
Careers
Investor Relations
Contact Us



For Eye Care Professionals

 Search For Eye C...

Text size
A-
A+


Our Products
Vision and Age
Your Eye Concerns
Our Company


Contact Lenses
Contact Lens Care
Dry Eye Products
Allergy/Redness Relief
Rx Pharmaceutical
Eye Wash
Eye Vitamins
Surgical Products
Vision Accessories
Safety and Industrial Cleaning Products
Diagnostics


Lenses for Nearsighted/Farsighted
INFUSE One-Day Contact Lenses
Bausch + Lomb ULTRA contact lenses
Biotrue ONEday Contact Lenses
PureVision2 Contact Lenses
PureVision Contact Lenses
SofLens daily disposable Contact Lenses
SofLens 38 Contact Lenses
Optima 38/SP Contact Lenses


Lenses for Astigmatism
Bausch + Lomb ULTRA for Astigmatism
Biotrue ONEday for Astigmatism
Soflens Daily Disposable Toric for Astigmatism Contact Lenses
PureVision2 for Astigmatism Contact Lenses
PureVision Toric Contact Lenses
SofLens Toric Contact Lenses
Optima Toric Contact Lenses
Bausch + Lomb ULTRA Multifocal for Astigmatism


Lenses for Presbyopia
Bausch + Lomb ULTRA for Presbyopia
Biotrue ONEday for Presbyopia
Purevision2 for Presbyopia
PureVision Multi-Focal Contact Lenses
SofLens Multi-Focal Contact Lenses
Boston Multivision GP Contact Lenses


Lenses for Cataract Patients
Silsoft and Silsoft Super Contact Lenses


Vision Shaping Treatment
Rebate Center
Rewards Program
Europe, Middle East, And Africa Instructions for Use


Soft Lens Multi-Purpose Solutions
Biotrue multi-purpose solution
renu Advanced Formula


Soft Contact Lens Drops
Renu Contact Lens Moisture Drops
Sensitive Eyes Drops


Other Soft Lens Care Products
Sensitive Eyes Saline Solution
Sensitive Eyes Daily Cleaner


Gas Permeable Contact Lens Solutions
Boston Advance Conditioning Solution and Boston Advance Cleaner
Boston Simplus Multi-Action Solution
Boston Original Conditioning Solution and Cleaner
Boston One Step Liquid Enzymatic
Boston Rewetting Drops for GP lenses


Specialty Lens Care Products


Dry Eye Products
Soothe XP Emollient (Lubricant) Eye Drops
Soothe XP Emollient (Lubricant) Eye Drops Preservative Free
Soothe Lubricant Eye Drops Maximum Hydration
Soothe Lubricant Eye Drops Hydration
Soothe Lubricant Eye Drops - Preservative Free
Soothe Lubricant Eye Ointment
THERA°PEARL Eye Mask
Advanced Eye Relief Dry Eye


Corneal Edema
Muro 128 Solution
Muro 128 Ointment




Alaway Antihistamine Eye Drops
Opcon-A Antihistamine and Redness Reliever Eye Drops
Advanced Eye Relief Redness
Advanced Eye Relief Maximum Redness
Lumify Redness Reliever Eye Drops


ALREX (loteprednol etabonate ophthalmic suspension) 0.2%
BEPREVE (bepotastine besilate ophthalmic solution) 1.5%
Besivance (besifloxacin ophthalmic suspension) 0.6%
LACRISERT (hydroxypropyl cellulose ophthalmic insert)
Lotemax (loteprednol etabonate ophthalmic suspension 0.5%)
LOTEMAX GEL (loteprednol etabonate ophthalmic gel) 0.5%
Lotemax (loteprednol etabonate ophthalmic ointment) 0.5%
LOTEMAX SM (loteprednol etabonate ophthalmic gel) 0.38%
LOTEMAX SM Part D Savings Card


Istalol (timolol maleate ophthalmic solution) 0.5%
Miochol-E (acetylcholine chloride intraocular solution)
PROLENSA (bromfenac ophthalmic solution)
Retisert (fluocinolone acetonide intravitreal implant)0.59 mg
TIMOPTIC 0.25% AND 0.5% (TIMOLOL MALEATE OPHTHALMIC SOLUTION) in OCUDOSE
Visudyne (verteporfin for injection) 15mg
Vyzulta (latanoprostene bunod ophthalmic solution) 0.024%
Zirgan (Ganciclovir Ophthalmic Gel) 0.15%
Zylet Ophthalmic Suspension


Advanced Eye Relief Eye Wash


Age Related Eye Vitamins
Vitamins for Eye Health


Cataract Surgery
enVista IOL
enVista Toric IOL
Crystalens AO Lens
Trulign Toric IOL
Akreos AO Lens
SofPort Advanced Optics (AO) Aspheric Lens




Consumer Magnifiers
Bar Magnifiers
Illuminated Coddington


Professional Magnifiers
Coddington Magnifiers
Hastings Triplet Magnifiers
Classic Metal Eyeglass Loupes
Watchmaker's Loupes
Hastings Triplet Measuring Magnifiers
Lenscope Magnifiers
Folding Pocket Magnifiers
Double Lens Magnifier


Eyewear Accessories
Eyewear Accessories


Eyewear Cleaning Products
Eyewear Cleaning Products




Disposable Lens Cleaning Stations
FogShield XP Lens Cleaning Station
Large Disposable Lens Cleaning Station
Plastic Disposable Lens Cleaning Station


Permanent Lens Cleaning Stations
Pre-Packed Metal Lens Cleaning Station


Liquid Cleaning Fluids
Liquid Cleaning Fluids


Tissue &amp.
Cloth Refills
Tissue &amp.
Cloth Refills


Pre Moistened Cleaning Tissues
FogShield XP® Pre-Moistened Lens Cleaning Tissues
Pre-Moistened Tissues
Pre-Moistened Tissues with Silicone
Pre-Moistened Respirator and Equipment Wipes
Peel and Reseal Pre-Moistened Lens Cleaning Tissues




Ocular Allergy Diagnostic System


Infant Eyes
Child Eyes
Teenager Eyes
20s and 30s eyes
40s and 50s Eyes
60+ Eyes


Eye Development
Eye Exams
Eye Concerns
Eye Safety


Eye Development
Eye Exams
Eye Concerns
Eye Safety
Vision Skills Needed


Eye Exams
Maintaining Healthy Eyes
Eye Safety
Vision Correction
Teens and Contact Lenses
Parents Guide to Contact Lenses


Sports and Vision


Eye Exams
Healthy Eyes
Eye Safety
Vision Correction


Eye Development
Eye Exams
Eye Concerns
Maintaining Healthy Eyes
Vision Correction


Eye Exams
Eye Concerns
Maintaining Healthy Eyes
Vision Correction


Vision Correction
Eye Infections &amp.
Irritations
Diseases and Disorders
Eye Injuries
Chronic Conditions
Wearing Contact Lenses


Nearsightedness (Myopia)
Farsightedness (Hyperopia)
Astigmatism
Presbyopia


Allergies
Computer Vision Syndrome (CVS)
Contact Lens Discomfort
Dry Eye
Eyelid Inflammation
Pink Eye (conjunctivitis)
Foreign Objects / Eye Irritants
Infected Tear Duct
Sties
Watery Eyes
Tired Eyes
Red Eyes


Age-Related Macular Degeneration
Bulging Eyes
Cataracts
Cataracts in Babies
Diabetic Macular Edema
CMV Retinitis
Color Blindness
Crossed Eyes (Strabismus)
Herpetic Keratitis (Eye Ulcers)
Keratoconus
Eye Floaters and Eye Flashes
Glaucoma
Lazy Eye
Ocular Hypertension
Retinal Detachment
Low Vision
Eyelid Twitching
Uveitis


Chemical Eye Burns
Eye Trauma
Foreign Objects / Eye Irritants


Bell's Palsy
Diabetes
Graves’ Disease
Rheumatoid Arthritis
Sjogren’s Syndrome


Teens and Contact Lenses
Wearing and Caring for Contact Lenses
Planning Travel


About Bausch + Lomb
Business Integrity
Compliance
Newsroom
Careers
Community Relationships
Grants and Charitable Contributions
Investor Relations
Supplier Diversity
Worldwide Locations
Contact Us
Formerly Owned Businesses


The Bausch + Lomb Story
Archive Request Form


Corporate Governance Documents
Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act (CPSIA) Certificates


AdvaMed and PhRMA
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010


2016 Archive
2015 Archive
2014 archive
2013 archive
2012 archive
2011 archive
2010 archive
2009 archive
2008 archive
Media Contacts


Social Investing
Science Award and Scholarships
FIRST - For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology
Transfer of Flags Ceremony


Grants and Charitable Contributions Landing
 Search 
Our Products 
Contact Lenses
Contact Lens Care
Dry Eye Products
Allergy/Redness Relief
Rx Pharmaceutical
Eye Wash
Eye Vitamins
Surgical Products
Vision Accessories
Safety and Industrial Cleaning Products
Diagnostics


Vision and Age 
Infant Eyes
Child Eyes
Teenager Eyes
20s and 30s eyes
40s and 50s Eyes
60+ Eyes


Your Eye Concerns 
Vision Correction
Eye Infections &amp.
Irritations
Diseases and Disorders
Eye Injuries
Chronic Conditions
Wearing Contact Lenses


Our Company 
About Bausch + Lomb
Business Integrity
Compliance
Newsroom
Careers
Community Relationships
Grants and Charitable Contributions
Investor Relations
Supplier Diversity
Worldwide Locations
Contact Us
Formerly Owned Businesses


 Search Bausch Consumer is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience.
This Statement of Privacy applies to the Bausch Consumer site and governs data collection and usage.
By using the Bausch Consumer site, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Bausch Consumer collects personally identifiable information, such as your email address, name, home or work address or telephone number.
Bausch Consumer also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Bausch Consumer.
This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses.
This information is used by Bausch Consumer for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Bausch Consumer site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Bausch Consumer public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others.
Note: Bausch Consumer does not read any of your private online communications.
Bausch Consumer encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Bausch Consumer so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information.
Bausch Consumer is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Bausch Consumer and Bausch Consumer family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Bausch Consumer collects and uses your personal information to operate the Bausch Consumer Web site and deliver the services you have requested.
Bausch Consumer also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Bausch Consumer and its affiliates.
Bausch Consumer may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Bausch Consumer does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Bausch Consumer may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you.
In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.
In addition, Bausch Consumer may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries.
All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Bausch Consumer, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Bausch Consumer does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Bausch Consumer keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Bausch Consumer, in order to determine what Bausch Consumer services are the most popular.
This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Bausch Consumer to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Bausch Consumer Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Bausch Consumer or the site.
(b) protect and defend the rights or property of Bausch Consumer.
and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Bausch Consumer, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Bausch Consumer Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience.
A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server.
Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time.
The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page.
For example, if you personalize Bausch Consumer pages, or register with Bausch Consumer site or services, a cookie helps Bausch Consumer to recall your specific information on subsequent visits.
This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on.
When you return to the same Bausch Consumer Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Bausch Consumer features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies.
Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Bausch Consumer services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Bausch Consumer secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
Bausch Consumer secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Bausch Consumer will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect
company and customer feedback.
Bausch Consumer encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Bausch Consumer is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Bausch Consumer welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that Bausch Consumer has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Bausch Consumer at Jayant.Mali@valeant.com.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem. UNITED STATES --Please Select-- Argentina Australia Österreich Belgique Brasil Canada (English) Canada (Français) 中国 Česká republika Danmark Eesti Suomi France Deutschland Greece Hong Kong SAR India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 한국 Latvia Lietuva Malaysia México Netherlands New Zealand Norge Pakistan Philippines Polska Portugal România Россия Singapore South Africa España Sverige Suisse Schweiz Taiwan Türkiye United Kingdom United States Vision and Eye Health

Vision and Age
Eye Infections &amp.
Irritations
Eye Diseases and Disorders
Find a Doctor
Eye Exam Check List
 Products

Contact Lenses
Contact Lens Care
Dry Eye Products
Allergy/Redness Relief
Rx Pharmaceutical
Eye Vitamins
Surgical Products
Vision Accessories
 Customer Support

Contact Us
Customer Policies and Forms
Rebate Center
Worldwide Locations
 Legal

Legal Notice
Privacy Policy
Safety Data Sheets (SDS)


Newsroom
Careers
Investor Relations
Grants &amp.
Contributions
 ©2021 Bausch &amp.
Lomb Incorporated or its affiliates.
All information and materials on this site pertain to the U.S.
only, unless otherwise indicated.


CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS: DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
