

About cookies on this site

Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website.
This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site.
Learn moreCookie settingsDeny allAllow all cookies
About cookies on this site


Cookie settings
Cookie declaration

Below you can choose which of Beacon's cookies you are happy to allow.
You can see a list of cookies in each category along with more information about them in the cookie declaration.
Learn moreAllow all cookiesDeny all
Necessary cookies

Some cookies are required to provide core functionality.
The website won't function properly without these cookies and they are enabled by default and cannot be disabled.

Preferences

Preference cookies enables the web site to remember information to customize how the web site looks or behaves for each user.
This may include storing selected currency, region, language or color theme.

Analytical cookies

Analytical cookies help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage.

Marketing cookies

Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites to allow publishers to display relevant and engaging advertisements.

Other cookies

The cookies in this category have not yet been categorized and the purpose may be unknown at this time.
Below is a list of all of the cookies we use on the Beacon website.
Learn more

Necessary cookies

Some cookies are required to provide core functionality.
The website won't function properly without these cookies and they are enabled by default and cannot be disabled.NameHostnamePathExpiry beacon_vidwww.beaconcrm.org/365 daysRequired to manage your Beacon session.intercom-id-x8n71ofp.beaconcrm.org/270 days, 1 hourNecessary for the operation of our chat functionality.
Also identifies anonymous visitors.intercom-session-x8n71ofp.beaconcrm.org/7 daysRequired for chat functionality.
Identifier for each unique browser session.__cf_bm.vimeo.com/1 hour3rd partyThe __cf_bm cookie supports Cloudflare Bot Management by managing incoming traffic that matches criteria associated with bots.
The cookie does not collect any personal data, and any information collected is subject to one-way encryption.

Preferences

Preference cookies enables the web site to remember information to customize how the web site looks or behaves for each user.
This may include storing selected currency, region, language or color theme.NameHostnamePathExpiry vuid.vimeo.com/730 days3rd partyThese cookies are used by the Vimeo video player on websites.

Analytical cookies

Analytical cookies help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage.NameHostnamePathExpiry _ga.beaconcrm.org/730 daysContains a unique identifier used by Google Analytics to determine that two distinct hits belong to the same user across browsing sessions._gid.beaconcrm.org/1 dayContains a unique identifier used by Google Analytics to determine that two distinct hits belong to the same user across browsing sessions._gat_*.beaconcrm.org/1 hourUsed by Google Analytics to throttle request rate (limit the collection of data on high traffic sites)

Marketing cookies

Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites to allow publishers to display relevant and engaging advertisements.NameHostnamePathExpiry _gcl_au.beaconcrm.org/90 daysUsed by Google AdSense to understand user interaction with the website by generating analytical data._fbp.beaconcrm.org/90 daysFacebook Pixel advertising first-party cookie.
Used by Facebook to track visits across websites to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.

Other cookies

The cookies in this category have not yet been categorized and the purpose may be unknown at this time.NameHostnamePathExpiry f82a8e8fe2594380965b652c1fcf02e212760ac15ecf484b91fc406ac30cf54fturbolion.io/anywhere365 days3rd partyThis cookie is used by Autopilot to track arrivals from our automated email campaigns.Save settingsCookie settings 

Get the free guide to choosing a charity CRM

 Download now close
î—’ Product Pricing Customers Our Story Blog Log In Try Free Beacon Product Pricing Customers Our Story Blog Log In Try Free Cookies The cookies we use at Beacon.
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website.
This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site.

A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree.
Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive.

We use the following cookies:



Necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website.
They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
We do not require your consent to use these types of cookies, as they are essential for the functioning of our website.




Analytical or performance cookies. These allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it.
This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.




Functionality cookies.
These are used to recognise you when you return to our website.
This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).




Marketing cookies. These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed.
We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests.



You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below: Type
Cookie Name
Purpose
Owner
Duration Strictly necessary
beacon_vid
Managing your Beacon session
Beacon
1 year Strictly necessary
intercom-id-x8n71ofp
Intercom messenger - Anonymous visitor identifier cookie
Beacon
9 months Strictly necessary
intercom-session-x8n71ofp
Intercom messenger - Identifier for each unique browser session.
Beacon
1 week Analytical
_ga
Contains a unique identifier used by Google Analytics to determine that two distinct hits belong to the same user across browsing sessions.
Beacon
730 days Analytical
_gid
Contains a unique identifier used by Google Analytics to determine that two distinct hits belong to the same user across browsing sessions.
Beacon
1 day Analytical
_gat_*
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate (limit the collection of data on high traffic sites)
Beacon
1 minute Marketing
_gcl_au
Used by Google AdSense to understand user interaction with the website by generating analytical data.
Beacon
90 days Marketing
_fbp
Facebook Pixel advertising first-party cookie.
Used by Facebook to track visits across websites to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
Beacon
90 days Local Storage
We sometimes store temporary data in your browser which is strictly necessary for certain functions. Key
Purpose intercom.intercom-state-x8n71ofp
Configuration data for Intercom messenger pricing_calculator_quote
Stores a quote when you visit the pricing calculator so that it can be retrieved when you next visit Controlling your cookies
You can choose which analytical, functionality and targeting cookies we can set by clicking on the buttons provided on our cookie management tool which can be accessed from the bottom left corner of any page.
If you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our website.
Privacy Policy
For more details about our collection and use of personal data, please see our privacy policy.

All of our cookies are vegan. Company 
Our Story
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
 Product 
Product
Gift Aid
Integrations
GDPR
API Docs
Login
 Support 
Support
Guide
Platform status
Implementations
Become a partner
 Trust 
Privacy for Humans
Security
Terms &amp.
Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Website terms of use
 Â© 2022 Beacon Apps Ltd | All Rights Reserved 113 Shoreditch High StreetLondonE1 6JNUnited Kingdom +44 20 3886 0205 close Contact Us It'd be great to hear from you! To reach out, fill in your details below and we'll get back to you. Full Name* Email Address* Your Message* Submit close Register for webinar To join this webinar, please enter your details below and we'll send you details on how to join. First name* Last name* Email Address* 
 Register close 
      