
        BELKIN PRIVACY POLICY Update Privacy Preferences We at Belkin are committed to protecting your privacy.
Our goal is to provide you with a positive experience on our websites and when using our apps, products and services, while at the same time keeping your Personal Information, as defined below, secure.
Our privacy practices are described below, as well as in separate notices given when an app, product or service is purchased or downloaded (our "Privacy Policy").
This Privacy Policy covers all Belkin products and Belkin websites, except for Belkin products and services with separate Privacy Notices provided when those products and/or services are downloaded or set up.
By visiting Belkin websites, using Belkin products or providing us with your Personal Information (as defined below), you are accepting and consenting to the practices, terms and conditions described in this Privacy Policy.
If you are visually impaired, you may access this notice through your browser’s audio reader.
You will not need to consent to this Privacy Policy but do acknowledge you have read and understood its terms.
For ease of reference, we will use the following terms in this Privacy Policy:

"Belkin", "our", "us" or "we" means Belkin International, Inc., including its global subsidiaries and affiliated companies (including Linksys and Wemo);
"Belkin products" includes all Belkin, Linksys, Wemo and Playa branded apps, products and services.
and
"Belkin websites" include all global Belkin, Linksys, Wemo and Playa websites.

If you are in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), for the purposes of the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 ("GDPR"), the data controller is Belkin LTD, Unit 1, Regent Park, Booth Drive, Park Farm South, Wellingborough, Northants, NN8 6GR, United Kingdom.
To assist with navigation, we have provided the following links to each section of our Privacy Policy:

Types of Information Covered by This Privacy Policy and Purposes for Collection and Use
Sharing Information
Marketing
Where We Store Your Information
Updating Your Personal Information
Your Rights
Information for California Residents
Retention of Personal Information
Cookies, Web Beacons and Other Web Tools
Security
Links to Other Sites
Forums/Chat Rooms
Updates to this Privacy Policy
How to Contact Us


 Types of Information Covered by This Privacy Policy and Purposes for Collection and Use 
Personal Information. This means any information that (either in isolation or in combination with other information) can be used to identify you directly or indirectly.
Some examples of Personal Information include your name, address, email address, phone number, any ID number or location data.

Aggregated Information. Information may be aggregated and/or anonymized.
When information is aggregated, it is combined with information about other customers and users.
Aggregated information that includes Personal Information is considered Personal Information until it has been anonymized.

Anonymized Information. When information is anonymized, Personal Information is removed from collected data and the remaining portion of the data is repurposed for internal or external use, such as to determine how many users of a particular router include an Internet-enabled television in a home network environment, or how many users viewed a particular website video or advertisement.
Anonymized information cannot be used to identify you.

Children’s Personal Information. The Belkin websites and Belkin products are not directed to, nor does Belkin knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 16.
If we are informed that we have collected the Personal Information of a child under the age of 16, we will delete that Personal Information from our systems.
If you believe we might have inadvertently collected Personal Information from or about a child under the age of 16, please contact us here.
We also do not sell the information of minors under 16 years of age.
The following provides examples of the types of information we collect about you and how we use that information. Context Types of Data Primary Purposes for Collection and Use of Data Account and Product Registration We collect your name and contact information when you create an account and/or register your product.
We also collect information relating to the actions that you perform while logged into your account.
We have a legitimate interest in providing account related functionalities to our users, including securely authenticating your account with us.
Accounts can be used for easy checkout and to save your preferences and transaction history.
Information provided during product registration also helps us provide you with information about firmware updates, service downtimes and new features and to provide you with more efficient customer support.
We also use account information to notify you about changes to Belkin terms, conditions and policies to perform our contracts with you.
Contractor and Partner Information We collect the name, and contact information, of our contractors and partners and their employees with whom we may interact.
We have a legitimate interest in contacting our contractors and business partners and communicating with them concerning normal business administration such as projects, services, and billing.
Cookies and first party tracking We use cookies and clear GIFs.
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to a computer’s hard drive while a web site is viewed.
See “Cookies, Web Beacons and Other Web Tools” below for more information.
We have a legitimate interest in making our website operate efficiently.
Cookies and third party tracking We participate in behavior-based advertising.
This means that a third party uses technology (e.g., a cookie) to collect information about your use of our website so that they can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interests on our website, or on other websites.
See our “Cookies, Web Beacons and Other Web Tools” for more information.
We also use cookies and other web tools for data and statistical analysis.
We provide cookies and third party tracking tools to you based on your consent, and we may have a legitimate interest in engaging in behavior-based advertising to offer you a more personalized advertising experience and in capturing website analytics.
Customer Support If you report a problem or contact us for support, we will collect your name, phone number and email address.
and if you submit a Return Materials Authorization, we will collect your physical address and credit card number, as well as any other content that you send to us, in order for us to provide support.
We use your information to perform our contract to provide you with products or services and to honor product warranties.
We also have a legitimate interest in providing support to our customers and fixing issues that they bring to our attention.
Demographic Information We collect personal information, such as your age or location.
We have a legitimate interest in understanding our users and providing tailored services.
Employment If you apply for a job posting or become an employee, we collect information necessary to process your application or to retain you as an employee.
Providing this information is required for employment.
In certain jurisdictions including the EEA, we use information about current employees to perform our contract of employment, or the anticipation of a contract of employment with you.
In some contexts, we are also required by law to collect information about our employees.
We also have a legitimate interest in using your information to have efficient staffing and work force operations.
Feedback, Discussion Forums and Social Media If you participate in a discussion forum on our website, provide us with feedback or interact with us on one of our social media sites we will collect your name and email address, as well as any other content that you send to us, in order to reply.
We have a legitimate interest in receiving, and acting upon, your feedback or issues, as well as monitoring and regulating forums you choose to participate in.
We also have a legitimate interest in developing new products and improving current products based on your feedback.
Marketing List When you sign up for one of our marketing lists, we collect your email address, postal address or SMS text number, depending on the list.
We share information about our products and services with individuals that consent to receive such information.
We also have a legitimate interest in sharing information about our products or services that we feel may interest you.
Mobile Devices We collect information from your mobile device such as unique identifying information broadcast from your device when visiting our website.
We have a legitimate interest in understanding how users interact with us and with our products and services on their mobile devices.
Order Placement and Purchase We collect your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number, and credit card number when you place an order on one of our ecommerce sites.
We use your information to perform our contract to provide you with products or services.
We also use order and purchase information to comply with legal requirements to which we are subject, such as tax and financial reporting requirements.
Promotions We collect information that you provide as part of a promotional opportunity, including co-branded promotions with another company.
We have a legitimate interest in fulfilling our promotions.
Surveys When you participate in a survey we collect information that you provide through the survey.
If the survey is provided by a third-party service provider, the third party’s privacy policy applies to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information.
We have a legitimate interest in understanding your opinions and collecting information relevant to our organization.
Sweepstakes or contests When you participate in a sweepstakes or contest, we collect information about you which includes contact information to notify you if you are selected and to add your name to a winners list.
We have a legitimate interest in operating the sweepstakes.
In some contexts, we are also required by law to collect information about those that enter our sweepstakes and we have a legitimate interest in complying with those laws.
Website interactions We use technology to monitor how you interact with our website.
This may include which links you click on, information that you type into our online forms, products you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, videos watched, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks and mouse-overs) and methods used to browse away from the page.
This may also include information about your device or browser.
We have a legitimate interest in understanding how you interact with our website to better improve it, to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner, to troubleshoot issues relating to website navigation and to understand your preferences and interests in order to select offerings that you might find most useful.
We also have a legitimate interest in detecting and preventing fraud and ensuring that your experience on our websites is as secure as possible.
Web logs We collect information, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to a computer when the Internet is used), domain name, click-activity, referring website, language preferences and/or a date/time stamp for visitors.
We have a legitimate interest in monitoring our networks and the visitors to our websites.
Among other things, it helps us understand which of our website services is the most popular.

In addition to the information that we collect from you directly, we may also receive information about you from other sources, including third parties, business partners, our affiliates, or publicly available sources.
When you provide Personal Information to us, we will only use your Personal Information for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, and any notification provided to you at the time of collection. Sharing Information Under no circumstances do we rent or sell your Personal Information.
We will only share your Personal Information with third parties for marketing purposes if you have granted us permission to do so, and in accordance with the “Marketing” section below.
We share Personal Information in the following ways:

within Belkin for purposes of data processing or storage.
within Belkin's corporate group, including with our subsidiaries, affiliated companies and divisions, all of whom may use your information for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy.
with Belkin’s service providers.
Our service providers are not allowed to use, share, or retain your personal information except as permitted by us.
with other third parties with your consent.
Please note that if you consent to the disclosure of your Personal Information to a third party, that third party will apply its own privacy practices.
You should carefully review the privacy notice of any third party before providing them with your Personal Information.
with service providers, advisors or other third parties to the extent reasonably necessary to proceed with the negotiation or completion of a merger, acquisition or sale of all or a portion of our assets.
If Belkin merges with, acquires or is acquired by another entity, Personal Information would be transferred as a whole to the successor entity.
to comply with the law or legal process (such as responding to subpoenas or court orders), to comply with government reporting obligations and to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
to protect our legal rights or those of others, such as protecting the Belkin brand or investigating violations of Belkin terms of use, violations of law, intellectual property infringement, misuse of Belkin websites, fraud or potential threats to personal safety.

In addition, we share aggregated anonymized information with third parties and service providers for a variety of purposes, including to analyze trends about home networking and utility use, to show third parties how their products could work with Belkin products and to generally improve our products and services.
We've taken steps to ensure that this information cannot be linked back to you, and we require third parties to keep all shared information in its anonymized form.
Any service providers with whom we share your Personal Information are required to maintain the confidentiality of the information and are prohibited from using it for any other purpose.
We will take all reasonable steps to make sure these service providers comply with the same privacy principles that govern our collection of your Personal Information.
We will ask for your consent, such as by email response, opt-in box or click through agreement acceptance, before we use or share your Personal Information for any other purpose. Marketing You have the right to ask us not to process your Personal Information for marketing purposes.
We will inform you (before collecting your Personal Information) if we intend to use your Personal Information for marketing purposes, or if we intend to disclose your Personal Information to any third party for marketing purposes.
We will give you choices about your Personal Information.
Some choices are presented up front in the form of opt-in notices or acceptance boxes for marketing to you or sharing your Personal Information with third parties.
You always have the choice to opt-out if you later change your mind.
One form of opt-out is clicking the Unsubscribe link in a marketing email.
This will take you off our marketing email list.
Please note that these opt-in/opt-out choices do not apply to the receipt of mandatory website, service or software communications, such as update or downtime information, or receipt of order or shipping confirmations on Belkin website stores, which you may receive periodically as part of Belkin performing its contract with you, unless you cancel your service or order or terminate use of software in accordance with the applicable terms of use or license agreement.
If you do not wish to receive direct marketing material from us or a third party, in addition to following the "Unsubscribe" instructions in a marketing email, you can send us a request here. Where We Store Your Information The data that we collect from you may be transferred to and stored at various locations globally, including the United States.
It may also be processed by Belkin staff or contractors operating outside your country of residence (including if you are in Europe, outside of the EEA, or if you are in Australia or New Zealand (“ANZ”), outside of ANZ) who work for us or for one of our suppliers.
Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details or the provision of support services.
We also use cloud-based applications and services to store and process your Personal Information, which may result in your Personal Information being stored outside your country of residence (or the EEA or ANZ).
We will take such steps as are reasonable to make sure we and our service providers do not breach the privacy principles that govern our collection of your Personal Information and that your Personal Information is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy as well as applicable data protection laws.
By providing your Personal Information to us, you fully understand that Belkin will transfer, process and store your Personal Information outside of your country of residence where data protection standards may be different, and disclose your Personal Information to overseas service providers who may not fully comply with the particular laws of your country.
Our Privacy Policy and our practices are designed to provide a globally consistent level of protection for Personal Information all over the world.
This means that even in countries whose laws provide for less protection for your information, Belkin will still handle your information in the manner described in this Privacy Policy and in conformity with all applicable laws.
This includes, where relevant, entering into EU standard contractual clauses (or equivalent measures) with the party outside the EEA (available here). Updating Your Personal Information We need your help in keeping your Personal Information accurate and up to date, so please notify us of any changes to your Personal Information.
You can access and update your Personal Information and communication preferences at any time in the following ways:

by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link in any email you receive from us;
by sending a request to us here.
Please be sure to include your name, email address and specific relevant information about the information you would like to change or the material that you no longer wish to receive.
or
for many Belkin websites and Belkin products, by signing into your online account located at the URL provided when you signed up for the Belkin website or service
 Your Rights You have a number of rights in relation to your personal data.
These can differ by country and jurisdiction.
You may have the following rights:

The right to correct your data if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to transfer Personal Information you have provided to us to a third party if we are processing that data on either the basis of your consent or to perform a contract with you.
The right to delete your Personal Information, unless we are required to retain it by law, or to establish, exercise or defend legal claims, or for another one of our business purposes.
The right to receive a copy of your Personal Information held on our current records.
If you are outside the EEA or California, we may make a reasonable charge if records must be accessed from backed up or archived records.
Note that California residents may be entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for direct marketing.

If you are resident in the EEA, you also have the following rights:

The right to withdraw your consent to our processing of your Personal Information at any time after you have consented, including optingout of receiving marketing materials.
The easiest way to do this is by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link in any email you receive from us.
The right to restrict our processing of your Personal Information where you believe such data to be inaccurate, our processing to be unlawful, or that we no longer need to process such data for a particular purpose (unless we are not able to delete the data due to a legal or other obligation or because you do not wish for us to delete it).
The right to object to such processing on grounds relating to your particular situation, where the legal justification for our processing of your Personal Information is our legitimate interest.
We will abide by your request unless we have compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests and rights, or if we need to continue to process the data to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.

Please address written requests and questions about your rights to us through our online webform, located here or, if you are in California, by phone at 877-460-2323.
We will respond to your request promptly upon receipt.
If you are in the EEA, this will be within one month of receipt, or, if further time is required, we will inform you of this and the reason for the delay.
We may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.
We may conduct an identity verification by phone call or email.
Depending on your request, we will ask for information such as your name, the email address connected to your account with us or the date of a support call you made to us.
We may also ask you to provide a signed declaration confirming your identity.
In some circumstances, you may designate an authorized agent to submit requests to exercise certain privacy rights on your behalf.
We will require verification that you provided the authorized agent permission to make a request on your behalf.
You must provide us with a copy of the signed permission you have given to the authorized agent to submit the request on your behalf and verify your own identity directly with us.
If you are an authorized agent submitting a request on behalf of an individual in California, you must attach a copy of the following information to the request:

A completed Authorized Agent Designation Form, located here, indicating that you have authorization to act on the consumer’s behalf.
If you are a business, proof that you are registered with the Secretary of State to conduct business in California.

If we do not receive both pieces of information, the request will be denied.
If your Personal Information has been disclosed to a third party in accordance with this Privacy Policy, we will take reasonable steps to notify the third party of any updated information you provide to us.
If you are in the EEA, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the local data protection authority if you believe that we have not complied with applicable data protection laws.
Please click here for a list of contact details for the EEA data protection authorities. Information for California Residents California law indicates that organizations should disclose whether certain categories of information are collected, “sold” or transferred for an organization’s “business purpose” (as those terms are defined under California law).
You can find a list of the categories of information that we collect and share here.
If you would like more information concerning the categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for those parties to use for direct marketing, please submit a written request to us using the information in the “How to Contact Us” section below.
We do not discriminate against California residents who exercise any of their rights described in this Privacy Policy. Retention of Personal Information We will only retain your Personal Information to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, as required for legitimate business purposes as described in this Privacy Policy, or otherwise permitted by law.
When we no longer need to use Personal Information, we will remove it from our systems and records and/or take steps to anonymize it so that you can no longer be identified from it.
To determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Information, the purposes for which we process your Personal Information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. Cookies, Web Beacons and Other Web Tools Belkin uses automatic data collection tools such as cookies, embedded web links and widgets.
These tools collect certain information that your browser or your mobile device sends to Belkin websites and Belkin Products.
This privacy policy explains the types of cookies we collect and the purpose for collecting them.
Our websites allow you to manage your cookie preferences.
Some websites have “do not track” features that allow you to tell a website not to track you.
These features are not all uniform.
We do not currently respond to those signals.
Click here for a description of the cookies we may use on this website. Security We strive to maintain appropriate administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the information collected by Belkin websites and Belkin products.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not 100% secure.
If you use a computer or device that can be accessed by others, other people may be able to access unencrypted Personal Information.
If you do not want your information to be available to others, exercise caution when using public computers or devices or when using any computer or device to which users unauthorized by you may have access.
We recommend that you take every precaution in protecting your Personal Information when you are on the Internet.
For example, create strong passwords by using a combination of letters, numbers and symbols, change your passwords often, and make sure you use a secure browser.
When creating a password for your home network, make sure you choose a unique password that you do not use for other Internet-based services and websites.
You should also be aware that names that you give your WiFi-enabled devices, home networks and services (also known as "friendly names") may be detectable by Linksys and by others outside your home, so you should not use Personal Information as part of your friendly names.
If we are required by law to inform you of a breach to your personal information, we may notify you electronically, in writing, or by telephone, if permitted to do so by law. Links to Other Sites Belkin websites and online services may contain links to websites or online services operated by Belkin (such as Linksys, Wemo or Playa) or operated by other Belkin affiliated companies.
Belkin websites and services may also include links to websites operated by, and/or use or offer products and services from third parties, such as a third party app that works with a Belkin product.
Once you leave Belkin websites and Belkin products, your activities are governed by the terms of use and privacy policies of the third party websites and online services.
Belkin is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these websites and online services, and we encourage you to carefully read the terms of use and privacy policies of any website and online service you visit.
Belkin websites and Belkin products may contain social media features, such as Facebook "Like" buttons.
These features may collect information about your device's IP address, set cookies to facilitate interaction with social media features or link you to a social media website where you may post Personal Information.
All interactions with social media features are governed by the privacy policy of the social media company providing the feature. Forums/Chat Rooms If you participate in or post information to a discussion forum or chat room on any Belkin website or Belkin product, you should be aware that the information you provide there will be made broadly available to others, and can be read, collected, forwarded or used by other users of these forums, potentially inside or outside Belkin, who have access to that forum.
This information could also be used to send you unsolicited messages.
Please recognize that individual forums may have additional rules and conditions.
Each participant's opinion on a forum or chat room is his or her own and should not be considered as reflecting the opinion of Belkin.
We are not responsible for Personal Information or any other information you may choose to submit in these forums, or the consequences of any submission.
If at any time you would like to remove a posting, please contact us here.
Keep in mind that removal of a posting from a forum or chat room does not mean that the posting has been completely removed from the Internet. Updates to this Privacy Policy We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it frequently.
If we change our Privacy Policy, we will post the revised version here, with an updated revision date.
If we make material changes to our Privacy Policy, we will notify you by email or prominently post a notice on this website. How to Contact Us Should you have any privacy-related questions or comments related to this Privacy Policy, please contact us here or, if you are in California, by phone at 877-460-2323.
If you have complaints or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us here.
We treat all complaints about a breach of the privacy laws seriously.
Someone from Belkin will investigate your complaint and respond to you within a reasonable time. &nbsp.

Last Revised and Updated Effective July 1, 2020
 Scroll Up
      