
         Privacy Policy 

General Provisions

This Personal Data Processing Policy, or Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as the “Policy”),
complies with
the
Federal Law of the Russian Federation No.
152-FZ “On Personal Data” dd.
July 27, 2006, and defines what
operational
procedures BellSoft LLC (hereinafter referred to as the “Operator”) uses to process personal data and
which
measures the
Operator takes to protect personal data.


The Operator shall establish as its primary goal and an essential prerequisite for doing business the
complete
observance of human and civil rights and freedoms in the course of personal data processing, including
the
protection of
rights to personal and marital privacy.
The Policy applies to all information that the Operator may receive about visitors to the
https://bell-sw.com website (hereinafter referred to
as the
“Website”).



General Definitions in the Policy

Automated Personal Data Processing means the processing of personal data utilizing computer hardware.

Blocking Personal Data means temporary termination of personal data processing (except for when
processing
is necessary to rectify personal data);
Website means a set of images and content, along with computer programs and databases that ensure
their
availability on the Internet at https://bell-sw.com.

Personal Data Information System means a set of personal data in databases, as well as information
technologies
and
technical means ensuring their processing;
Personal Data Depersonalization means actions which prevent identifying personal data belonging to a
specific
User
or another personal data subject without further details;
Personal Data Processing means any action (operation) or set of actions (operations) performed towards
personal
data with or without automation, including gathering, recording, systematizing, accumulating, storing,
rectifying
(updating, altering), retrieving, using, transmitting (disseminating, providing and accessing),
depersonalizing,
blocking, deleting, or destroying of personal data;
Operator means a state body, municipal body, legal or physical person, organizing and (or) carrying
out
the
processing of personal data independently or jointly with other persons, and also defining purposes of
personal data
processing, the structure of the personal data which are subject to processing, acts (operations)
performed
towards
personal data;
Personal Data means any information relating directly or indirectly to a specific or identifiable User
on
the
https://bell-sw.com Website;
User means any visitor to the https://bell-sw.com
Website.

Provision of Personal Data means actions aimed at disclosing personal data to a specific person or a
specific
range of persons;
Personal Data Dissemination means any actions aimed at disclosing personal data to an indefinite range
of
persons
(personal data transmission) or at acquainting an indefinite range of persons with personal data,
including publishing
personal data in mass media, posting them on information and telecommunication networks or providing
access to
personal
data in any other way;
Cross-Border Transfer of Personal Data means transferring personal data to a foreign state’s territory
and
delivering them to a foreign authority, a foreign physical or foreign legal person;
Personal Data Destruction means any actions resulting in the irretrievable destruction of personal
data with no
further possibility to restore the content of personal data in the personal data information system
and/or destruction
of physical storage media holding personal data.



The Operator May Process the Following User’s Personal Data

Full name;
E-mail address;
Information on previous employment and work experience, liability for military service and military
registration.

The Website also collects and processes depersonalized data about visitors (such as cookies) through
Internet
statistics services (Yandex Metrics, Google Analytics and others).
Further on in the Policy’s text, the data mentioned above are united by the general concept of
Personal
Data.




Purposes of Personal Data Processing

The purpose of processing the User’s personal data is to share information with the User via e-mails.

The Operator is also entitled to send the User notifications about new products and services, special
offers
and
various events.
The User can always refuse to receive such digital communications by writing a letter to
the
Operator
at
info@bell-sw.com marked “Cancel notifications about new products,
services and special
offers.”
Depersonalized User data collected through Internet statistics services are used to gather information
about
the
User’s actions on the Website, improve the quality of the Website and its content.



Legal Grounds for Personal Data Processing

The Operator processes the User’s personal data only provided that the User enters and/or sends them
through
particular forms at https://bell-sw.com.
Filling out
the
respective forms and/or sending the personal data to
the
Operator, the User expresses their consent to this Policy.
The Operator processes the depersonalized User data if it is allowed in the User’s browser settings
(both
cookies
and JavaScript are enabled).



Procedures for Gathering, Storing, Transmitting and Other Processing of Personal Data
 The Operator ensures the security of the processed personal data by means of legal, organizational and
technical
measures necessary to fully comply with the legislative requirements for personal data protection.


The Operator shall protect personal data and take whatever action is possible to prevent unauthorized
persons
from
having access to personal data.
The User’s personal data in no event shall be transmitted to third parties, except in cases where the
law
provides
otherwise.
Should the User uncover inaccuracies in the personal data, they may update them independently by
sending
an
e-mail
notice to the Operator at info@bell-sw.com marked “Update personal
data.”
The personal data processing period is unlimited.
The User may revoke their consent to the processing
of
personal
data at any moment by sending an e-mail notice to the Operator at info@bell-sw.com marked “Revoke consent
to the
processing of personal data.”



Cross-Border Transfer of Personal Data

The Operator is obliged to ascertain that the foreign state to whose territory personal data is
expected to
be
transferred provides adequate protection of personal data subjects’ right before such a transfer begins.

Cross-border transfer of personal data to the territory of foreign states that do not meet the
above-stated
requirements may only take place with the written consent of the personal data subject to the
cross-border
transfer
of
their personal data and/or as part of an agreement, to which the personal data subject is a party.


Miscellaneous

The User may receive any clarifications regarding the processing of their personal data by sending an
e-mail
to
the
Operator at info@bell-sw.com.
This document will reflect any changes in the Operator’s personal data processing policy.
The Policy
is
valid
indefinitely until it is replaced with a new version.
The current version of the Policy in the public domain is located on the Internet at
https://bell-sw.com/privacy-policy/



