
         Privacy Policy Thank you for visiting the Bellevue College (BC) website and reviewing our Privacy Notice.
This statement addresses collection, use and security of and access to information that may be obtained through use of Bellevue College’s website.

Contents:


Cookies
Security
Online Advertising
Disclaimer
Review and Correction of Personally Identifiable Information
Information Collected and How it Is Used
Information collected if you only browse this site:
Information Collected if You Volunteer Information:


Personal Information and Choice
Public Access to Information
Contact Information

Cookies
To better serve our users we are now using “cookies” to customize your browsing experience with the Bellevue College (BC) website.
Cookies are simple text files stored on your computer by your web browser.
Cookies created on your computer by using this website do not contain personally identifying information and do not compromise your privacy or security.
We use the cookie feature only to store a randomly generated identifying tag on your computer.
Security
Bellevue College, as developer and manager of the BC website, takes precautions to safeguard personal information you provide through our web services.
This information should not be construed in any way as giving business, legal, or other advice, or warranting as failproof, the security of information provided via the BC websites.
Online Advertising
Bellevue College uses third-party vendors and cookies to retarget our website’s visitors and deliver ads that are relevant to their interests.
Cookies are small pieces of information sent to your browser from a website and stored on your computer or mobile device.
They cannot identify you nor put your device’s security at risk, and are only used to ‘remember’ you and your browsing preferences.
You can opt out of any third-party cookies at any time by visiting https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
Disclaimer
The BC website may have links to other websites.
These include links to websites operated by other government agencies, nonprofit organizations and private businesses.
When you connect to another site, you are no longer on the BC website and this Privacy Notice will not apply.
When you connect to another website, you are subject to the privacy policy of that new site.
Neither the State of Washington, nor any agency, officer, or employee of the State of Washington warrants the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of any information published by this system, nor endorses any content, viewpoints, products, or services linked from this system, and shall not be held liable for any losses caused by reliance on the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of such information.
Portions of such information may be incorrect or not current.
Any person or entity that relies on any information obtained from this system does so at their own risk.
Review and Correction of Personally Identifiable Information
You can review any personally identifiable information we collect about you by using the information in the Contact Information section at the end of this Notice.
You may recommend changes to your personally identifiable information you believe to be inaccurate by submitting an email or written request that credibly shows the inaccuracy.
Bellevue College will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before making corrections.
(RCW 43.105.365)
Information Collected and How it Is Used
Information collected if you only browse this site:
If you do nothing during your visit to our website but browse, read pages, or download information, BC will gather and store certain information about your visit.
This information does not identify you personally.
We automatically collect and store the following information about your visit:
The Internet Protocol Address and domain name used.
The Internet Protocol address is a numerical identifier assigned either to your Internet service provider or directly to your computer.
BC uses the Internet Protocol Address to direct Internet traffic to you.
This address can be translated to determine the domain name of your service provider (e.g.
xyzcompany.com or yourschool.edu);

The type of browser and operating system you used;
The date and time you visited this site;
The web pages or services you accessed at this site.
and
The website you visited prior to coming to this website.

The information BC automatically collects or stores is used only to improve the content of our web services and to help us understand how people are using our services.
BC analyzes the website logs to determine how our website is being used, so that we may continually improve the site’s usefulness to the public.
Information Collected if You Volunteer Information:
If during your visit to our website you participate in a survey, send an email, or perform some other transaction on-line, the following additional information will be collected:

The email address and content of email, for those who communicate with us via email.
Information volunteered in response to a survey.
Information volunteered through an online form for any other purpose.
The information collected is not limited to text characters and may include audio, video, and graphic information formats you send us.

BC will use your email to respond appropriately.
This may be to respond to you, to address issues you may identify, to further improve our website, or to forward the email to another agency for appropriate action.
Survey information is used improve the content of our web services.
Information from other online forms is used to improve the content of our web services and to help us understand how people are using our services, and to contact users about college programs, class information, events, and other services.
Personal Information and Choice
You may choose whether to provide personal information online.
“Personal information” is information about a natural person that is readily identifiable to that specific individual.
Personal information includes such things as an individual’s name, address, and phone number.
A domain name or Internet Protocol address is not considered personal information.
We collect no personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us by sending us email, participating in a survey, or completing an online form.
You may choose not to contact us by email, participate in a survey, or to provide any personal information using an online form.
Your choice to not participate in these activities will not impair your ability to browse the Bellevue College website and read or download any information provided on the site.
If personal information is requested on the website or volunteered by the user, state law and the federal Privacy Act of 1974 may protect it.
However, this information is a public record once you provide it, and may be subject to public inspection and copying if not protected by federal or state law.
If you believe that your personal information is being used for a purpose other than what was intended when submitted, you may contact the Vice President of Human Resources, as shown in the Contact Information section of this statement.
The BC website is a general audience site and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children.
Users are cautioned that the collection of personal information requested from or volunteered by children online or by e-mail will be treated the same as information given by an adult, and may be subject to public access.
Public Access to Information
In the state of Washington, laws exist to ensure that government is open and that the public has a right to access appropriate records and information possessed by state government.
At the same time, there are exceptions to the public’s right to access public records that serve various needs including the privacy of individuals.
Exceptions are provided by both state and federal laws.
All of the information collected at this site becomes public records that may be subject to inspection and copying by members of the public, unless an exemption in law exists.
RCW 42.17.260(1) states that

Each agency, in accordance with published rules, shall make available for public inspection and copying all public records, unless the record falls within the specific exemptions of subsection (6) of this section [RCW 42.17.260(6)], RCW 42.17.310, 42.17.315, or other statute which exempts or prohibits disclosure of specific information or records.
To the extent required to prevent an unreasonable invasion of personal privacy interests protected by RCW 42.17.310 and 42.17.315, an agency shall delete identifying details in a manner consistent with RCW 42.17.310 and 42.17.315 when it makes available or publishes any public record.
however, in each case, the justification for the deletion shall be explained fully in writing.

In the event of a conflict between this Privacy Notice and the Public Records Act or other law governing the agency’s disclosure of records, the Public Records Act or other applicable law will control.
Contact Information
You may contact Bellevue College as follows:
To request correction of your personal information, you may contact:

Vice President of Human Resources

Bellevue College
3000 Landerholm Cir SE
Bellevue, Washington U.S.A.
98007
425.564.2274 | hr@bellevuecollege.edu
To offer comments about the Bellevue College’s website, or about the information presented in this Privacy Notice:

Web Editor

Bellevue College
3000 Landerholm Cir SE
Bellevue, Washington U.S.A.
98007
425.564.5077 | webeditor@bellevuecollege.edu



 Last Updated July 28, 2021	

