
         Privacy Policy Thank you for visiting the website located at www.bibleminute.co and/or a mobile site/application (collectively, the "Site").
The Site is the property of Notion Digital LLC DBA Notion Digital ("Company", "we" or "us").
Company has created this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") in order to disclose our information gathering and dissemination practices.
Company does not rent, sell, share, or trade your personal information with third parties other than as disclosed within this Privacy Policy.
Company reserves the right to release current or past Site data: (a) in the event that we believe that the Site is being or has been used in violation of this Privacy Policy, the Terms and Conditions, or to commit unlawful acts.
(b) as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Site.
or (c) if Company is sold or acquired.
While Company strongly encourages clients, affiliates and partners to adopt responsible approaches to online marketing, Company is not responsible for the information practices of its clients, affiliates and/or partners.
The collection, use and disclosure of information by clients, affiliates and/or partners is subject to their respective privacy policies, which may differ from this Privacy Policy.
When you visit the Site, we send a cookie ("Cookie") to assign an anonymous, unique identifier to your Internet browser.
A Cookie is a piece of data stored on your hard drive containing non-personally identifiable information about you.
Cookies have many benefits to enhance your experience at the Site, and are in many instances necessary for the provision of the services offered on the Site.
We use Cookies on this Site to store your passwords, so you do not have to enter it more than once and to enhance your experience on the Site.
We do not link the information we store in Cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our Site.
To find out more about Cookies, please visit www.cookiecentral.com.
To disable and reject certain Cookies, please reference the above website for specific browser disabling information.
Please be advised that where you disable or reject Cookies, you may not be able to use the certain services offered through the Site.
Company reserves the right to retain Cookie data indefinitely.
The use of Cookies by any third-party tracking utility companies is not covered by our Privacy Policy.
We do not have access or control over these cookies.
Our third party tracking utility companies may use session ID Cookies on our Site to make it easier for you to navigate our Site. Clear Gifs (Web Beacons/Web Bugs) Our third-party tracking utility companies may employ a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a.
Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that help us better manage content on our Site by informing us what content is effective.
Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users.
In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence.
We do not knowingly tie the information gathered by clear gifs to personally identifiable information.
Use of Information Obtained by Company
Sharing of the Information Gathered/Tracked by the Site
Any personal information that you submit at the Site remains your property.
However, by submitting that information to us, you grant to us the right to use your personal information, subject to applicable state and federal law, in the ways set forth herein.
We will send you service-related announcements when it is necessary to do so.
For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email.
Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature.
We may share the personal information that you supply to us with any third party and we may work with other businesses to bring selected retail opportunities to our you.
These businesses and third parties may include, but are not limited to: (a) providers of direct marketing services and applications, including lookup and reference, data enhancement, suppression and validation.
(b) e-mail marketers.
(c) telemarketers (where permitted by applicable law).
(d) SMS text-based marketers (where permitted by applicable law).
and (e) direct marketers.
If you no longer wish to have your email address or mobile phone number shared with such third parties for their promotional purposes, please contact us contact@bibleminute.co or contact that third party directly.
We may also employ other companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf.
Examples include sending direct and electronic mail, removing duplicate information from user lists, analyzing data, and providing marketing analysis.
The agents performing these limited functions on our behalf shall have access to your personal information as needed to perform their functions for us but we do not permit them to use your personal information for other purposes.
We may also use your personal information for internal business purposes, such as analyzing and managing our business.
We may also combine the information we have gathered about you with information from other sources.
We may use third parties to help us operate our business and the Site or to administer activities on our behalf.
Company may share personally identifiable information with its affiliated entities or in connection with the sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets or reorganization or liquidation of Company.
Company may release account and any other personally identifiable information: (i) to respond to a subpoena or otherwise comply with the law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Site.
(ii) to enforce or apply this Privacy Policy, the Terms and Conditions and other Company agreements and policies.
(iii) when we deem it necessary or appropriate including, without limitation, sharing your e-mail address with other third parties for suppression purposes in compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, as amended from time to time, and Federal Trade Commission implementing regulations.
and/or (iv) to protect the rights, property or safety of Company or others, including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection purposes.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we may share the personal information with our third party data, marketing, and sales partners for the purpose of sending you marketing emails.
If you no longer wish to have your personal information shared with such third parties, please contact us at contact@bibleminute.co or contact that third party directly.
By registering at the Site, you agree that such act constitutes an inquiry and/or application for purposes of the Amended Telemarketing Sales Rule (16 CFR §310 et seq.), as amended from time to time (the "Rule") and applicable state do-not-call regulations.
As such, notwithstanding that your telephone number may be listed on the Federal Trade Commission's Do-Not-Call List, and/or on applicable state do-not-call lists, we retain the right to contact that you via telemarketing in accordance with the Rule and the applicable state do-not-call regulations.
In addition, by submitting personal information at the Site, you agree to receive mobile marketing including, but not limited to, text-message based marketing, from us and our third party advertisers and marketers (where, and to the extent that, such marketing is permitted by applicable law).
As such, notwithstanding that a your mobile telephone number may be listed on state and/or federal Do-Not-Call registries, we retain the right to contact you via text-message based marketing in accordance with applicable state and federal law.
Further, you agree that we may share your mobile telephone and other mobile data (such as the Unique Identifier) with our third party data, marketing and sales partner’s non-marketing uses permitted by this Privacy Policy and applicable law.
If you no longer wish to have your mobile number or other mobile data shared with such third parties, please contact us contact@bibleminute.co or contact that third party directly.
Changes in Our Privacy Policy
If we change our Privacy Policy, we will prominently post a link to those changes on our Site's homepage so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently.
If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you here, by email or by means of a notice on our home page.
Your continued use of the Site and/or continued receipt of Company e-mails after posting of the Privacy Policy change on the Site, or receipt of a Privacy Policy change notification e-mail, as applicable, constitutes an affirmative acknowledgment and acceptance by you of the modified Privacy Policy.
Security
While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
General Provisions
Links
The Site contains links to other websites.
Please be aware that Company is not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites.
We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Site and to read the privacy policies of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by the Site.
Blog
Our Site may offer publicly accessible blogs and/or commentary.
You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them.
Children's Privacy
Company is very sensitive to the issue of children's privacy and, therefore, we endeavor to protect the privacy of children using the Internet.
The Site, as well as its products and services, are not developed for or directed at children.
Visitors under eighteen (18) years of age are not eligible to do business with us and we do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from any person that we actually know is under the age of eighteen (18).
Company encourages parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate and monitor the interactive activities of their children.
If you believe that your child has provided Company with any personally identifiable information, please e-mail contact@bibleminute.co to have this information removed.
Contacting the Site
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of the Site, or your dealings with the Site, please contact us at contact@bibleminute.co.
 Mailing Address:  PO BOX 466 Fishkill NY 12524 
