
         Menu BibleGateway Back to classic site · Take a Tour account 
 read Read the Bible 


Reading Plans
Advanced Search
Available Versions
Audio Bibles


 study Study Tools 


 Scripture Engagement 
More Resources


 explore Explore More 


Newsletters
Devotionals
Bible Gateway App
Bible Audio App
Bible Gateway Blog


 plus Bible GatewayPlus 
 store Store 


 Bibles 
 Deals 
 More 


 Take a Tour Upgrade to Bible Gateway Plus, and access the NEW NIV Study Bible Notes, Fully Revised Edition.
First 30-days on us! close account Log In/Sign Up show menu BibleGateway ---Amuzgo de Guerrero (AMU)---
Amuzgo de Guerrero (AMU)
&nbsp.
---العربية (AR)---
Arabic Bible: Easy-to-Read Version (ERV-AR)
Ketab El Hayat (NAV)
&nbsp.
---अवधी (AWA)---
Awadhi Bible: Easy-to-Read Version (ERV-AWA)
&nbsp.
---Български (BG)---
1940 Bulgarian Bible (BG1940)
Bulgarian Bible (BULG)
Bulgarian New Testament: Easy-to-Read Version (ERV-BG)
Библия, нов превод от оригиналните езици (с неканоничните книги) (CBT)
Библия, синодално издание (BOB)
Библия, ревизирано издание (BPB)
&nbsp.
---Chinanteco de Comaltepec (CCO)---
Chinanteco de Comaltepec (CCO)
&nbsp.
---Cebuano (CEB)---
Ang Pulong Sa Dios (APSD-CEB)
&nbsp.
---ᏣᎳᎩ ᎦᏬᏂᎯᏍ (CHR)---
Cherokee New Testament (CHR)
&nbsp.
---كوردی سۆرانی (CKB)---
Kurdi Sorani Standard (KSS)
&nbsp.
---Cakchiquel Occidental (CKW)---
Cakchiquel Occidental (CKW)
&nbsp.
---Čeština (CS)---
Bible 21 (B21)
Slovo na cestu (SNC)
&nbsp.
---Cymraeg (CY)---
Beibl William Morgan (BWM)
&nbsp.
---Dansk (DA)---
Bibelen på hverdagsdansk (BPH)
Dette er Biblen på dansk (DN1933)
&nbsp.
---Deutsch (DE)---
Hoffnung für Alle (HOF)
Luther Bibel 1545 (LUTH1545)
Neue Genfer Übersetzung (NGU-DE)
Schlachter 1951 (SCH1951)
Schlachter 2000 (SCH2000)
&nbsp.
---English (EN)---
21st Century King James Version (KJ21)
American Standard Version (ASV)
Amplified Bible (AMP)
Amplified Bible, Classic Edition (AMPC)
BRG Bible (BRG)
Christian Standard Bible (CSB)
Common English Bible (CEB)
Complete Jewish Bible (CJB)
Contemporary English Version (CEV)
Darby Translation (DARBY)
Disciples’ Literal New Testament (DLNT)
Douay-Rheims 1899 American Edition (DRA)
Easy-to-Read Version (ERV)
Evangelical Heritage Version (EHV)
English Standard Version (ESV)
English Standard Version Anglicised (ESVUK)
Expanded Bible (EXB)
1599 Geneva Bible (GNV)
GOD’S WORD Translation (GW)
Good News Translation (GNT)
Holman Christian Standard Bible (HCSB)
International Children’s Bible (ICB)
International Standard Version (ISV)
J.B.
Phillips New Testament (PHILLIPS)
Jubilee Bible 2000 (JUB)
King James Version (KJV)
Authorized (King James) Version (AKJV)
Lexham English Bible (LEB)
Living Bible (TLB)
The Message (MSG)
Modern English Version (MEV)
Mounce Reverse Interlinear New Testament (MOUNCE)
Names of God Bible (NOG)
New American Bible (Revised Edition) (NABRE)
New American Standard Bible (NASB)
New American Standard Bible 1995 (NASB1995)
New Century Version (NCV)
New English Translation (NET)
New International Reader's Version (NIRV)
New International Version (NIV)
New International Version - UK (NIVUK)
New King James Version (NKJV)
New Life Version (NLV)
New Living Translation (NLT)
New Matthew Bible (NMB)
New Revised Standard Version (NRSV)
New Revised Standard Version, Anglicised (NRSVA)
New Revised Standard Version, Anglicised Catholic Edition (NRSVACE)
New Revised Standard Version Catholic Edition (NRSVCE)
New Testament for Everyone (NTE)
Orthodox Jewish Bible (OJB)
The Passion Translation (TPT)
Revised Geneva Translation (RGT)
Revised Standard Version (RSV)
Revised Standard Version Catholic Edition (RSVCE)
Tree of Life Version (TLV)
The Voice (VOICE)
World English Bible (WEB)
Worldwide English (New Testament) (WE)
Wycliffe Bible (WYC)
Young's Literal Translation (YLT)
&nbsp.
---Español (ES)---
La Biblia de las Américas (LBLA)
Biblia del Jubileo (JBS)
Dios Habla Hoy (DHH)
Nueva Biblia de las Américas (NBLA)
Nueva Biblia Viva (NBV)
Nueva Traducción Viviente (NTV)
Nueva Versión Internacional (NVI)
Nueva Versión Internacional (Castilian) (CST)
Palabra de Dios para Todos (PDT)
La Palabra (España) (BLP)
La Palabra (Hispanoamérica) (BLPH)
Reina Valera Actualizada (RVA-2015)
Reina Valera Contemporánea (RVC)
Reina-Valera 1960 (RVR1960)
Reina Valera Revisada (RVR1977)
Reina-Valera 1995 (RVR1995)
Reina-Valera Antigua (RVA)
Spanish Blue Red and Gold Letter Edition (SRV-BRG)
Traducción en lenguaje actual (TLA)
&nbsp.
---Suomi (FI)---
Raamattu 1933/38 (R1933)
&nbsp.
---Français (FR)---
La Bible du Semeur (BDS)
Louis Segond (LSG)
Nouvelle Edition de Genève – NEG1979 (NEG1979)
Segond 21 (SG21)
&nbsp.
---Κοινη (GRC)---
1550 Stephanus New Testament (TR1550)
1881 Westcott-Hort New Testament (WHNU)
1894 Scrivener New Testament (TR1894)
SBL Greek New Testament (SBLGNT)
Tyndale House Greek New Testament (THGNT)
&nbsp.
---ગુજરાતી (GU)---
Gujarati: પવિત્ર બાઈબલ (GERV)
&nbsp.
---עברית (HE)---
Habrit Hakhadasha/Haderekh (HHH)
The Westminster Leningrad Codex (WLC)
&nbsp.
---हिन्दी (HI)---
Hindi Bible: Easy-to-Read Version (ERV-HI)
Saral Hindi Bible (SHB)
&nbsp.
---Ilonggo (HIL)---
Ang Pulong Sang Dios (HLGN)
&nbsp.
---Chhattisgarhi (HNE)---
New Chhattisgarhi Translation (नवां नियम छत्तीसगढ़ी) (NCA)
&nbsp.
---Hrvatski (HR)---
Biblija: suvremeni hrvatski prijevod (SHP)
Hrvatski Novi Zavjet – Rijeka 2001 (HNZ-RI)
Knijga O Kristu (CRO)
&nbsp.
---Kreyòl ayisyen (HT)---
Haitian Creole Version (HCV)
Nouvo Testaman: Vèsyon Kreyòl Fasil (VKF)
&nbsp.
---Magyar (HU)---
Hungarian Károli (KAR)
Hungarian Bible: Easy-to-Read Version (ERV-HU)
Hungarian New Translation (NT-HU)
&nbsp.
---Hawai‘i Pidgin (HWC)---
Hawai‘i Pidgin (HWP)
&nbsp.
---Íslenska (IS)---
Icelandic Bible (ICELAND)
&nbsp.
---Italiano (IT)---
La Bibbia della Gioia (BDG)
Conferenza Episcopale Italiana (CEI)
La Nuova Diodati (LND)
Nuova Riveduta 1994 (NR1994)
Nuova Riveduta 2006 (NR2006)
&nbsp.
---日本語 (JA)---
Japanese Living Bible (JLB)
&nbsp.
---Jacalteco, Oriental (JAC)---
Jacalteco, Oriental (JAC)
&nbsp.
---Kekchi (KEK)---
Kekchi (KEK)
&nbsp.
---한국어 (KO)---
Korean Living Bible (KLB)
&nbsp.
---Latina (LA)---
Biblia Sacra Vulgata (VULGATE)
&nbsp.
---Luganda (LG)---
Endagaano Enkadde nʼEndagaano Empya (LCB)
&nbsp.
---Māori (MI)---
Maori Bible (MAORI)
&nbsp.
---Македонски (MK)---
Macedonian New Testament (MNT)
&nbsp.
---मराठी (MR)---
Marathi Bible: Easy-to-Read Version (ERV-MR)
&nbsp.
---Mam, Central (MVC)---
Mam, Central (MVC)
&nbsp.
---Mam, Todos Santos (MVJ)---
Mam de Todos Santos Chuchumatán (MVJ)
&nbsp.
---Plautdietsch (NDS)---
Reimer 2001 (REIMER)
&nbsp.
---नेपाली (NE)---
Nepali Bible: Easy-to-Read Version (ERV-NE)
&nbsp.
---Náhuatl de Guerrero (NGU)---
Náhuatl de Guerrero (NGU)
&nbsp.
---Nederlands (NL)---
BasisBijbel (BB)
Het Boek (HTB)
&nbsp.
---Norsk (NO)---
Det Norsk Bibelselskap 1930 (DNB1930)
En Levende Bok (LB)
&nbsp.
---Chichewa (NY)---
Mawu a Mulungu mu Chichewa Chalero (CCL)
&nbsp.
---ଓଡ଼ିଆ (OR)---
Oriya Bible: Easy-to-Read Version (ERV-OR)
&nbsp.
---ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (PA)---
Punjabi Bible: Easy-to-Read Version (ERV-PA)
&nbsp.
---Polski (PL)---
Nowe Przymierze (NP)
Słowo Życia (SZ-PL)
Updated Gdańsk Bible (UBG)
&nbsp.
---Nawat (PPL)---
Ne Bibliaj Tik Nawat (NBTN)
&nbsp.
---Português (PT)---
Almeida Revista e Corrigida 2009 (ARC)
Portuguese New Testament: Easy-to-Read Version (VFL)
Nova Traduҫão na Linguagem de Hoje 2000 (NTLH)
Nova Versão Transformadora (NVT)
Nova Versão Internacional (NVI-PT)
O Livro (OL)
&nbsp.
---Quichua (QU)---
Mushuj Testamento Diospaj Shimi (MTDS)
&nbsp.
---Quiché, Centro Occidenta (QUT)---
Quiché, Centro Occidental (QUT)
&nbsp.
---Română (RO)---
Cornilescu 1924 - Revised 2010, 2014 (RMNN)
Nouă Traducere În Limba Română (NTLR)
&nbsp.
---Русский (RU)---
New Russian Translation (NRT)
Священное Писание (Восточный Перевод) (CARS)
Священное Писание (Восточный перевод), версия для Таджикистана (CARST)
Священное Писание (Восточный перевод), версия с «Аллахом» (CARSA)
Russian New Testament: Easy-to-Read Version (ERV-RU)
Russian Synodal Version (RUSV)
&nbsp.
---Slovenčina (SK)---
Nádej pre kazdého (NPK)
&nbsp.
---Somali (SO)---
Somali Bible (SOM)
&nbsp.
---Shqip (SQ)---
Albanian Bible (ALB)
&nbsp.
---Српски (SR)---
New Serbian Translation (NSP)
Serbian New Testament: Easy-to-Read Version (ERV-SR)
&nbsp.
---Svenska (SV)---
nuBibeln (Swedish Contemporary Bible) (NUB)
Svenska 1917 (SV1917)
Svenska Folkbibeln (SFB)
Svenska Folkbibeln 2015 (SFB15)
Swedish New Living Bible (Nya Levande Bibeln) (SVL)
&nbsp.
---Kiswahili (SW)---
Agano Jipya: Tafsiri ya Kusoma-Kwa-Urahisi (TKU)
Neno: Bibilia Takatifu (SNT)
&nbsp.
---தமிழ் (TA)---
Tamil Bible: Easy-to-Read Version (ERV-TA)
&nbsp.
---ภาษาไทย (TH)---
Thai New Testament: Easy-to-Read Version (ERV-TH)
Thai New Contemporary Bible (TNCV)
&nbsp.
---Tagalog (TL)---
Ang Bagong Tipan: Filipino Standard Version (FSV)
Ang Biblia (1978) (ABTAG1978)
Ang Biblia, 2001 (ABTAG2001)
Ang Dating Biblia (1905) (ADB1905)
Ang Salita ng Dios (Tagalog Contemporary Bible) (ASND)
Ang Salita ng Diyos (SND)
Magandang Balita Biblia (MBBTAG)
Magandang Balita Biblia (with Deuterocanon) (MBBTAG-DC)
&nbsp.
---Twi (TWI)---
Nkwa Asem (NA-TWI)
&nbsp.
---Українська (UK)---
Ukrainian Bible (UKR)
Ukrainian New Testament: Easy-to-Read Version (ERV-UK)
&nbsp.
---اردو (UR)---
Urdu Bible: Easy-to-Read Version (ERV-UR)
&nbsp.
---Uspanteco (USP)---
Uspanteco (USP)
&nbsp.
---Tiêng Viêt (VI)---
Bản Dịch 2011 (BD2011)
New Vietnamese Bible (NVB)
Vietnamese Bible: Easy-to-Read Version (BPT)
&nbsp.
---Yorùbá (YO)---
Bíbélì Mímọ́ Yorùbá Òde Òn (BYO)
&nbsp.
---汉语 (ZH)---
Chinese Contemporary Bible (Simplified) (CCB)
Chinese Contemporary Bible (Traditional) (CCBT)
Chinese New Testament: Easy-to-Read Version (ERV-ZH)
Chinese New Version (Simplified) (CNVS)
Chinese New Version (Traditional) (CNVT)
Chinese Standard Bible (Simplified) (CSBS)
Chinese Standard Bible (Traditional) (CSBT)
Chinese Union Version (Simplified) (CUVS)
Chinese Union Version (Traditional) (CUV)
Chinese Union Version Modern Punctuation (Simplified) (CUVMPS)
Chinese Union Version Modern Punctuation (Traditional) (CUVMPT)
Revised Chinese Union Version (Simplified Script) Shen Edition (RCU17SS)
Revised Chinese Union Version (Traditional Script) Shen Edition (RCU17TS) New International Version (NIV) Version BibleGateway Bible Book List Bible Book List Font Size Font Size Bible Gateway: Privacy Notice (U.S.
and Canada) Bible Gateway: Privacy Notice (U.S.
and Canada)

Effective Date: January 1, 2020

We at Bible Gateway, a division of The Zondervan Corporation L.L.C., which is wholly-owned by HarperCollins Christian Publishing, Inc.
(“Company”), respect your concerns about privacy.
This Privacy Notice (“Notice”) applies to personal customer information obtained by the Company, including through web sites, mobile sites, applications (“apps”), emails, and widgets (collectively, the “Services”).
The Notice describes the types of personal information we obtain about customers, how we use the information and with whom we share it.
We also describe the measures we take to protect the security of the information and how you can contact us about our privacy practices.
The Services are for a general audience, are not targeted to children, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age.
Click on one of the links below to jump to the listed section:

Information We Obtain


Information Obtained by Automated Means Through Our Services


How We Use the Information We Obtain
Interest-Based Advertising
Information We Share
Your Choices


Accessing, Reviewing, Updating and Modifying Personal Information


Notice to California Residents
How We Protect And Retain Personal Information 
Transfers of Information
Links to Third-Party Sites, Apps and Services
Updates to Our Privacy Notice
How To Contact Us

Information We Obtain
We obtain personal information about customers through the Services, publicly and commercially available sources and from our Company affiliates and/or business partners (such as Olive Tree Bible Software, ChurchSource.com, Zondervan.com, and social media networks).
The types of personal information we may obtain include:

Contact information (such as name, postal address, email address and telephone and/or mobile numbers);
Username and password when you register through our Services;
Geolocation data;
Other information you may provide to us, such as through our “Submit a Request” or “Contact Us” feature.
and
Behavioral data such as website pages visited or time spent using our Services.

Information Obtained by Automated Means Through Our Services
We also may obtain certain information through our Services by automated means, such as cookies (including HTTP, HTML5 and Flash cookies), web beacons, web server logs, JavaScript and similar technologies, including technologies designed to obtain information regarding your use of our Services.
The information we obtain in this manner may include IP address, mobile device advertising ID, browser characteristics, device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, information on actions taken on our Services, and dates and times you access or use the Services.
In connection with our mobile apps, we also may obtain your phone number and details about your mobile carrier.
A “cookie” is a file that websites send to a visitor’s computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser.
A “web beacon” also known as an Internet tag, pixel tag or clear GIF, links web pages to web servers and their cookies and may be used to transmit information collected through cookies back to a web server.
Through these automated collection methods, we obtain “clickstream data,” which is a log of the links and other content on which a visitor clicks while browsing a website.
As the visitor clicks through the website, a record of the action may be collected and stored.
We also may use similar automated means to obtain and store information regarding your actions while using our mobile apps.
We may link certain data elements obtained through automated means, such as your browser or device information, with other information we have obtained about you to let us know, for example, whether you have opened an email we sent to you, what search queries you may have run and what advertisements you may have seen on our Services or on third-party websites and apps.
Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies or how to restrict or disable certain types of cookies.
You also may be able to delete your Flash cookies or adjust your Flash cookie settings by visiting the Adobe Flash Website Storage Settings Panel and Global Storage Settings Panel.
Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of our Services.
Your device settings also may allow you to prohibit mobile app platforms (such as Apple and Google) from sharing certain information obtained by automated means with us through our apps or other app developers.
In addition, if you register with us through or connect your account with us to a third-party social media network (such as Facebook, Google, or Twitter), we may obtain certain information about you from the relevant social media network, such as your user ID and/or user name associated with that social media network, the information contained in your public profile on the social media network and friends lists.
The specific information we obtain depends on your privacy settings on the applicable social media network.
The providers of third-party apps, tools, widgets and plug-ins on our Services, such as social media sharing tools, also may use automated means to collect information regarding your interactions with these features.
This information is collected directly by the providers of those features and is subject to the privacy policies or notices of those providers.
The Company is not responsible for those providers’ information practices.
How We Use the Information We Obtain
We may use the information collected from and about you to:

Provide our products and services;
Create and manage online accounts;
Send promotional materials, alerts regarding available offers and other communications, including communications through the Services and outside of the Services, such as via email and through third-party websites and apps;
Communicate about, and administer participation in, special events, promotions, programs, offers, surveys, contests and market research;
Respond to inquiries from you and other third-parties, including inquiries from law enforcement agencies;
Anonymize personal information to provide third parties with aggregated data reports showing anonymized information and other non-personal information;
Supplement your personal information collected from you with additional information from publicly and commercially available sources, and/or information from Company affiliates and our business partners;
Associate your browser and/or device with other browsers or devices you use for the purpose of providing relevant and easier access to content, advertising across browsers and devices, and other operational/business purposes.
Operate, evaluate and improve our business (including developing, enhancing, analyzing and improving our Services.
managing our communications.
performing data analytics.
and performing accounting, auditing and other internal functions);
Protect against, identify and prevent fraud and other unlawful activity, claims and other liabilities.
and
Comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards, contractual obligations and our policies.

In addition, we and our third-party service providers may use information collected through automated means including cookies, web beacons, web server logs, JavaScript and similar technologies for purposes such as (1) customizing our users’ visits to and use of our Services, (2) delivering content (including advertising) tailored to our users’ interests and the manner in which our users use our Services, and (3) managing our Services and other aspects of our business.
We may use third-party analytics services on our Services, such as those of Google Analytics.
The analytics providers that administer these services use technologies such as cookies, web beacons, web server logs and similar technologies to help us analyze your use of the Services.
The information collected through these means may be disclosed to these analytics providers and other relevant third parties who use the information, for example, to evaluate use of the Services.
To learn more about how to opt out of Google Analytics services, please visit the link below:

Google Analytics: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout

We also may use your personal information in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.
Interest-Based Advertising
On our sites, apps and/or emails we and our third-party service providers may obtain information about your activities to provide you with advertising about products and services tailored to your individual interests.
We and our third-party service providers also may obtain information for this purpose from third-party websites and apps.
This section of our Privacy Notice provides details and explains how to exercise your choices.
We engage third-party advertising networks to help us target our messaging to visitors through interest-based and contextual means.
Through these ad networks, we can track your online activities over time and across third-party websites and apps by obtaining information through automated means, as described above.
The networks use this information to show you advertisements on our Services or other third-party websites and apps that may be tailored to your individual interests.
The information our ad networks may obtain on our behalf includes data about your visits to websites and use of apps that serve our advertisements, such as the pages or ads you view and the actions you take on those websites or apps.
This data collection takes place both on our sites, apps and emails and on third-party websites and apps that participate in these ad networks.
This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.
To learn how to opt out of this ad network interest-based advertising,

click here or here in the US.
click here in Canada.

To the extent required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent before using your information for interest-based advertising.
Our sites are not designed to respond to “do not track” signals from browsers.
Information We Share
We may share customer personal information with

Our subsidiaries and affiliates, any of whom may use your personal information consistent with this Privacy Notice or for the subsidiary’s or affiliate’s own purposes, including marketing purposes.
A current list of our affiliated companies is available at http://newscorp.com/about/our-businesses/.
Service providers in the US and other jurisdictions who perform services on our behalf.
Our third party clients or business partners, such as publishers, advertising agencies and social media networks, for marketing purposes, such as targeted advertising.

In addition, when the information collected from or about you does not identify you as a specific person, we may share it with third parties.
We may further disclose information about you (1) if we are required to do so by law or legal process, (2) to law enforcement authorities or other government officials, and (3) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity.
We also reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event of a proposed or completed sale or transfer of all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution or liquidation).
Your Choices
We offer you certain choices in connection with the personal information we obtain about you, such as how we communicate with you.
To update your preferences, ask us to remove your information from our marketing mailing lists or submit a request, please contact us as outlined in the How To Contact Us Section below.
You also can unsubscribe from our marketing mailing lists by following the “Unsubscribe” link in our emails.
To learn more about how to opt out of ad network interest-based advertising, please visit the customer opt-out pages at:

In the US: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ and http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
In Canada: http://youradchoices.ca/choices.

Accessing, Reviewing, Updating and Modifying Personal Information
You have the right to access, review, update, and correct inaccuracies in your personal information in our custody and control, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law.
You may request access, updates to and corrections of inaccuracies in your personal information by emailing or writing to us at the contact information set out below.
We may request certain personal information for the purposes of verifying the identity of the individual seeking access to his/her personal information records.
Notice to California Residents
Subject to certain limitations, California residents may ask us to provide them with (1) a list of certain categories of personal information that we have disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, and (2) the identity of those third parties.
To make this request, California residents may contact us as specified in the How to Contact Us section below.
California Privacy Rights
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
How We Protect And Retain Personal Information We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect personal information we have about you against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use.
We make reasonable efforts to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk of the processing, taking into account the costs of implementation and nature of the processing of such personal information.
We retain personal information for the period needed to fulfill the purposes for which the personal information was collected and as otherwise required or permitted by applicable law, such as in relation to our record retention obligations.
Transfers of Information
The Services may be hosted in and managed from a country outside the country in which you initially provided the information, including the United States.
We may transfer the personal information we collect about you to the United States and/or another country, which may not be deemed to have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information.
When your personal information is in such countries, it may be accessed by the courts, law enforcement and national security authorities in accordance with applicable law.
If you are a user located outside the United States or the country to which your information may be transferred, you understand and consent to having any personal information processed in the United States and/or such country.
Your consent includes the use of cookies and other tracking technologies as described above.
When we transfer your information, we will protect that information as described in this Notice.
Links to Third-Party Sites, Apps and Services
For your convenience and information, our Services may provide links to third-party sites, apps and services that may be operated by companies not affiliated with HarperCollins Christian Publishing.
These companies may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any non-HarperCollins Christian Publishing’s sites, apps or services.
Updates to Our Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices.
For significant changes, we will notify you by posting a prominent notice on our Services indicating at the top of the Notice when it was most recently updated.
How To Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice or the manner in which we or our service providers treat your personal information, would like to exercise your choices, or would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, please contact us as follows:
privacypolicy@harpercollins.com
You also may write to:
Legal Department / Privacy Policy HarperCollins Publishers 195 Broadway New York, NY 10007
Canadian residents may also contact our Privacy Officer at
Privacy Official HarperCollins Canada Limited Internet Development Group Bay Adelaide Centre, East Tower 2 Adelaide St.
W, 41st Floor Tel.
No.: (416) 975-9334 e-mail: privacy-canada@harpercollins.com. About 
About
Statement of Faith
Mobile App
Store
Blog
Newsroom
Support Us
 Help 
FAQs
Tutorials
Use Bible Gateway on your Site
 Advertise with us 
Contact us

Privacy policy


California Privacy Rights


Do Not Sell My Personal Information

 Our Network 
FaithGateway
StudyGateway
ChurchSource
 Social 
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
 Preferences 
 Versión en español 
 Preferences 
 × 
      