
         All Collections Terms and privacy Bio Link Privacy policy Bio Link Privacy policy Written by Dona  Updated over a week ago We wrote this policy to help you understand what information we collect, how we use it and what choices you have about it.
Since we’re an internet company, some of the concepts below are a little technical, but we’ve tried the best to explain them in a simple way.
We welcome your questions and queries on this policy.

We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service.
By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.

Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible at http://bio.link


Information Collection And Use
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you.
The most common types of information we collect include: user-names, email addresses, IP addresses, payment information such as payment agent details (for paid plans),browser types, time zone settings, the time spent on webpages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data, your actions on our Sites (including any selections or inputs into items) and web and email analytics data.
We may also collect and store information about your approximate location (e.g.
your country) using geographic information from your IP address.

Where you give us consent to use the collected data:


providing you with marketing information about products and services which we feel may interest you.
and




customising our services and websites, like advertising that appear on the Site – where this involves the use of cookies or similar technologies – in order to provide a more personalised experience.




For purposes which are required by law.




For the purpose of responding to requests by government, a court of law, or law enforcement authorities conducting an investigation.



Cookies
We use “cookies” to collect information.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
That said, when you visit our site, there’s certain information that’s recorded which is generally anonymous information and does not reveal your identity.
If you’re logged into your account some of this information could be associated with your account.
We’re talking about the following kinds of details:


your IP address or proxy server IP address’;




the domain name you requested;




the name of your internet service provider is sometimes captured depending on the configuration of your ISP connection;




the date and time of your visit to the website;




the length of your session;




the pages which you have accessed;




the number of times you access our site within any month;




the file URL you look at and information relating to it;




the website which referred you to our Sites;




the operating system which your computer uses.
and the technical capabilities of your web browser.



Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.


Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
Personal information that we store or transmit is protected by security and access controls, including username and password authentication, two-factor authentication, and data encryption where appropriate.



Information you share or make public
If you make your personal information available to other people, we can’t control or accept responsibility for the way they will use or manage that data.
There are lots of ways that you can find yourself providing information to other people, like when you post a public message on a forum thread, share information via social media, or make contact with another user (such as a third party Author) whether via our Sites or directly via email.

Before making your information publicly available or giving your information to anyone else, think carefully.
If giving information to another user via our Sites, ask them how they will handle your information.
If you’re sharing information via another website, check the privacy policy for that site to understand its information management practices as this privacy policy will not apply.


Retaining your personal information
We retain your personal information for as long as is necessary to provide the services to you and others, and to comply with our legal obligations.
If you no longer want us to use your personal information or to provide you with the Biolink services, you can request that we erase your personal information and close your Biolink account.

Please note that if you request the erasure of your personal information we will retain information from deleted accounts as necessary for our legitimate business interests, to comply with the law, prevent fraud, collect fees, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with investigations or requests by government, a court of law, or law enforcement authorities, enforce the terms of service and take other actions permitted by law.
The information we retain will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy.


Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us.
If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site.
We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.


Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13.
If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us.
If we discover that a child under 18 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our servers immediately.


Compliance With Laws
We will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena to:


regulators and government authorities in connection with our compliance procedures and obligations.




other recipients where we are authorised or required by law, or requests by government, a court of law, or law enforcement authorities, to do so



Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time.
We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
If the changes are significant, we may provide a more prominent notice or get your consent, as required by law.



Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@biolink.com and we’ll answer them for you. Did this answer your question? 
      