
         Legal disclaimer 
 View All 
1.
Information published on bitcoin.org
2.
Translations
3.
Risks related to the use of Bitcoin
4.
Investment risks
5.
Compliance with tax obligations
6.
The Website does not store, send, or receive bitcoins
7.
No warranties
8.
Limitation of liability 
9.
Arbitration
10.
Last amendment
 1.
Information published on bitcoin.org The website https://bitcoin.org/ (hereinafter, referred to as the "Website") provides information and material of a general nature.
You are not authorized and nor should you rely on the Website for legal advice, business advice, or advice of any kind.
You act at your own risk in reliance on the contents of the Website.
Should you make a decision to act or not act you should contact a licensed attorney in the relevant jurisdiction in which you want or need help.
In no way are the owners of, or contributors to, the Website responsible for the actions, decisions, or other behavior taken or not taken by you in reliance upon the Website. 2.
Translations The Website may contain translations of the English version of the content available on the Website.
These translations are provided only as a convenience.
In the event of any conflict between the English language version and the translated version, the English language version shall take precedence.
If you notice any inconsistency, please report them on GitHub. 3.
Risks related to the use of Bitcoin The Website will not be responsible for any losses, damages or claims arising from events falling within the scope of the following five categories:
(1) Mistakes made by the user of any Bitcoin-related software or service, e.g., forgotten passwords, payments sent to wrong Bitcoin addresses, and accidental deletion of wallets.
(2) Software problems of the Website and/or any Bitcoin-related software or service, e.g., corrupted wallet file, incorrectly constructed transactions, unsafe cryptographic libraries, malware affecting the Website and/or any Bitcoin-related software or service.
(3) Technical failures in the hardware of the user of any Bitcoin-related software or service, e.g., data loss due to a faulty or damaged storage device.
(4) Security problems experienced by the user of any Bitcoin-related software or service, e.g., unauthorized access to users' wallets and/or accounts.
(5) Actions or inactions of third parties and/or events experienced by third parties, e.g., bankruptcy of service providers, information security attacks on service providers, and fraud conducted by third parties. 4.
Investment risks The investment in Bitcoin can lead to loss of money over short or even long periods.
The investors in Bitcoin should expect prices to have large range fluctuations.
The information published on the Website cannot guarantee that the investors in Bitcoin would not lose money. 5.
Compliance with tax obligations The users of the Website are solely responsible to determinate what, if any, taxes apply to their Bitcoin transactions.
The owners of, or contributors to, the Website are NOT responsible for determining the taxes that apply to Bitcoin transactions. 6.
The Website does not store, send, or receive bitcoins The Website does not store, send or receive bitcoins.
This is because bitcoins exist only by virtue of the ownership record maintained in the Bitcoin network.
Any transfer of title in bitcoins occurs within a decentralized Bitcoin network, and not on the Website. 7.
No warranties The Website is provided on an "as is" basis without any warranties of any kind regarding the Website and/or any content, data, materials and/or services provided on the Website. 8.
Limitation of liability Unless otherwise required by law, in no event shall the owners of, or contributors to, the Website be liable for any damages of any kind, including, but not limited to, loss of use, loss of profits, or loss of data arising out of or in any way connected with the use of the Website. 9.
Arbitration The user of the Website agrees to arbitrate any dispute arising from or in connection with the Website or this disclaimer, except for disputes related to copyrights, logos, trademarks, trade names, trade secrets or patents. 10.
Last amendment This disclaimer was amended for the last time on July 5th, 2016. Support Bitcoin.org: Donate  3E8ociqZa9mZUSwGdSmAEMAoAxBK3FNDcd 
Introduction:

 Individuals 
 Businesses 
 Developers 
 Getting started 
 How it works 
 You need to know 
 White paper 

Resources:

 Resources 
 Exchanges 
 Community 
 Vocabulary 
 Events 
 Bitcoin Core 

Participate:

 Support Bitcoin 
 Buy Bitcoin 
 Running a full node 
 Development 

Other: Avoid Scams Legal Privacy Policy Press About bitcoin.org Blog © Bitcoin Project 2009-2021 Released under the MIT license Network Status 
English 


Bahasa Indonesia
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Polski
Português Brasil
Română
Slovenščina
Srpski
Svenska




Türkçe
Ελληνικά
български
Русский
Українська
العربية
فارسی
עברית
हिन्दी
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 Bahasa Indonesia Dansk Deutsch English Español Français Italiano Magyar Nederlands Polski Português Brasil Română Slovenščina Srpski Svenska Türkçe Ελληνικά български Русский Українська العربية فارسی עברית हिन्दी 한국어 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 en 
      