

 Home 
 Sign In 
 Create Account 
 Contact Us 
Home
Contact Us
Exchange Bitcoin
 Sign In 
 Terms Of Use Last updated: September 07, 2017 Please read these Terms of Use ("Terms", "Terms of Use") carefully before using the https://www.bitcoins.express website (the "Service") operated by Bitcoins.express ("us", "we", or "our").
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms.
These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms.
If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service. Products And Services Bitcoins Express provides exchange services from the most popular cryptocurrencies (such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, etc) to PayPal (fiat currencies, such as USD, EUR, etc).
The services offered by CyberBTC are not intended for use and/or are not available in the countries where they are deemed illegal.
The User shall be fully responsible for compliance with the local legislation.
We do not accept counterfeit or otherwise fraudulent payments.
We reserve the right to report any fraudulent activity to the appropriate authorities.
Payments are final and not reversible except as provided in those Terms of Use.
All users shall be solely responsible to offer valid and accurate information required to complete the registration or to submit the exchange order.
Payment must be made with the exact amount specified in the user's order.
If the user remits more or less than the amount stated in the order, we will adjust the user’s order to the exact amount of funds received without prior notification.

Pending orders (orders waiting for the user’s payment) will be automatically deleted after the period of time specified in the order details.
Bitcoins.express is not responsible for any wrong information provided by the user (inaccurate PayPal account address, etc).
PayPal fee is not included in our services.
The user is responsible for paying all fees to PayPal. Order's processing time We generally process orders in 15 minutes, but we keep the right to take as long as 24 hours if we experience technical difficulties or high demand. Working hours Bitcoins.express processes all exchanges automatically or semi-automatically (24/7, 365 days a year).
Our working hours for support are Monday - Friday 8 AM - 5 PM (UTC -7). Technical support We reserve the right to perform maintenance or updates at the website.
During maintenance or updates users might be temporarily restricted from using the website, accessing their accounts or using some specific features. Accounts When you create an account with us, you must provide us information that is accurate, complete, and current at all times.
Failure to do so constitutes a breach of the Terms, which may result in immediate termination of your account on our Service.
You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the Service and for any activities or actions under your password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service.
You agree not to disclose your password to any third party.
You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account. Links To Other Web Sites Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Bitcoins.express.
Bitcoins.express has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services.
You further acknowledge and agree that Bitcoins.express shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit. Termination We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
We may terminate or suspend your account immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
Upon termination, your right to use the Service will immediately cease.
If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using the Service.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability. Governing Law These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Arizona, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights.
If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect.
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service. Changes We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time.
If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect.
What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms.
If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service. Contact Us If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us. Address 3837 E Stella Ln Paradise Valley.
AZ 85253 United States Quick links 
Exchange Bitcoin to PayPal
BTC to PayPal
 Contact Us 
Online form
support@bitcoins.express
 Resources 
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
 © 2017-2019 Bitcoins Express.
All Rights Reserved 
      