
        Cookie Policy Updated May 19, 2020 
 What are cookies?
 What cookies do we use?
 Web beacons
 How do I manage cookies?

 This Cookie Policy describes the different types of cookies that may be applied by BitPay Inc.
on its website (“Site”).
We may change this Cookie Policy at any time in order to reflect, for example, changes to the cookies we use or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.

 If you have questions regarding this Cookie Policy, please contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO) at dpo@bitpay.com or write to us at BitPay Inc., Attention: Data Protection Officer, Stadsplateau 7 WTC office 73521 AZ, Utrecht, Netherlands.
 What are cookies?  Cookies are a standard feature of websites that allow us to store small amounts of data on your computer about your visit to a website.
Cookies help the website owner learn which areas of the website are useful and which areas need improvement.
Cookies also improve your experience by, for example, remembering your preferences, such as your language preference or login information.

 Some cookies are required for technical reasons in order for a website to operate, also known as "Strictly Necessary" cookies.
Some cookies allow a website to count visits and traffic sources so the site owner can measure and improve the performance of the site, also known as “Analytics” cookies.
Some cookies enable a website owner to serve targeted advertisements, also known as “Targeting” cookies.
 What cookies do we use?  Our Site uses both first party cookies (which are set by us) and third party cookies (which are set by a server located outside the domain of our Site) for several reasons.
The specific types of first and third party cookies served through our Site and the purposes they perform are described in the tables below.


Strictly Necessary Cookies. These are cookies which make our Site function when you take certain actions, whether you are logging in, managing email preferences, or filling out forms.
Since they are essential for our Site to function, we cannot turn them off.
You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the Site will then not work.
These cookies do not store any personal data.
 Cookie Name Purpose First/Third Party Expiration Cloudflare (_cfduid) Cloudflare provides content-delivery-network services, DDoS mitigation, Internet security, and distributed domain-name-server services.
This cookie collects and anonymizes end user IP addresses using a one-way hash of certain values so they cannot be personally identified.
Third Session Purpose: Cloudflare provides content-delivery-network services, DDoS mitigation, Internet security, and distributed domain-name-server services.
This cookie collects and anonymizes end user IP addresses using a one-way hash of certain values so they cannot be personally identified.
Connect_Sid This cookie is used to identify or create a valid user session.
First Session Purpose: This cookie is used to identify or create a valid user session.

Analytics Cookies. These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources to our Site so we can measure and improve the performance of our Site.
The information these cookies collect is aggregated and anonymous.
If you do not allow these cookies, we will not be able to serve you the most relevant content and give you the best experience.
 Cookie Name Purpose First/Third Party Expiration Google Analytics These cookies are used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the Sites' analytics reports through aggregated, anonymous user data.
Third 6 months Purpose: These cookies are used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the Sites' analytics reports through aggregated, anonymous user data.
Onfido (onfido-js-sdk-woopra) Onfido enables us to verify users’ identities with a photo-based identity document, a selfie and artificial intelligence algorithms.
This cookie conducts website usage analytics.
Third 2 years Purpose: Onfido enables us to verify users’ identities with a photo-based identity document, a selfie and artificial intelligence algorithms.
This cookie conducts website usage analytics.

Targeting Cookies. These cookies may be set through our Site by our marketing partners.
They may be used by us or our marketing partners to understand which parts of our Sites are of interest to you and/or show you relevant advertising on our Site or on other Sites.
They do not store personal data, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device.
If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
 Cookie Name Purpose First/Third Party Expiration LinkedIn Advertising These cookies are used to provide insight into user behavior within LinkedIn that is responsive to our marketing efforts, in order to deliver marketing content to you such as emails, white papers, webinars, etc.
Third 6 months Purpose: These cookies are used to provide insight into user behavior within LinkedIn that is responsive to our marketing efforts, in order to deliver marketing content to you such as emails, white papers, webinars, etc.
Google AdWords These cookies are used to provide insight into behavioral advertising and analytics on the Google AdWords platform to enable us to serve you with product-based advertisements on external websites.
Third 540 days Purpose: These cookies are used to provide insight into behavioral advertising and analytics on the Google AdWords platform to enable us to serve you with product-based advertisements on external websites.
Facebook Advertising These cookies allow us to confirm when you have completed a form or action related to Facebook.
BitPay may send you related communications via email or sponsored newsfeed updates.
Third 6 months Purpose: These cookies allow us to confirm when you have completed a form or action related to Facebook.
BitPay may send you related communications via email or sponsored newsfeed updates.
Marketo Munchkin (_mkto_trk) This cookie allows us to track visitor behavior on sites on which the cookie is installed and to link a visitor to the recipient of an email marketing campaign, to measure campaign effectiveness.
Tracking is performed anonymously until a user identifies himself by submitting a form.
Third 2 years Purpose: This cookie allows us to track visitor behavior on sites on which the cookie is installed and to link a visitor to the recipient of an email marketing campaign, to measure campaign effectiveness.
Tracking is performed anonymously until a user identifies himself by submitting a form.
Web beacons  Cookies are not the only way to recognize or track visitors to a website.
We may use other, similar technologies from time to time, like web beacons (sometimes called "tracking pixels" or "clear gifs").
These are tiny graphics files that contain a unique identifier that enable us to recognize when someone has visited our Site or opened an email that we sent.
This allows us, for example, to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page within our Site to another, to deliver or communicate with cookies, to understand whether a user came to our Site from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, to improve site performance, and to measure the success of email marketing campaigns.
In many instances, these technologies are reliant on cookies to function properly, and so declining cookies will impair their functioning.
 How do I manage cookies?  You can choose whether to accept our cookies (except Strictly Necessary Cookies) by clicking on the appropriate opt-out links in our Cookie Preference Center, which can be found in our Site’s footer and cookie banner.
You also have the right to refuse or accept cookies at any time by activating settings on your browser.
You may wish to refer to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html for information on commonly used browsers.

 Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our Site and the services we are able to offer you.

