



 Bitrix24 Implementation Request 
 Tools 
 Pricing 
 On-Premise 
 Solutions 
 Partners 
 Apps 
 Blog 
 Support 
 share 
 Privacy Policy Share this page 










 Log In Your Bitrix24 Authorize to enter your company's Bitrix24.
Enter Don't have Bitrix24 yet? Create your Bitrix24 now en America United States (English) América Latina (Español) Brasil (Português) Europe Europe (English) Deutschland (Deutsch) France (Français) Polska (Polski) Italia (Italiano) Asia India (English) Türkiye (Türkçe) 中国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Malaysia (Bahasa Melayu) ประเทศไทย (ภาษาไทย) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) 日本 (日本語) Privacy Policy Bitrix24 Privacy Policy Contents: A.
INTRODUCTION

Changes in the Privacy Policy

B.
COLLECTED INFORMATION

Personally identifiable information We Collect
Non-Personally identifiable information we collect
Browsing
Mobile Apps
Files
Your User Account and Public profile
Your public profile
Information Relating to Children
Securing the Transmission and Storage of Information

C.
USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION

How Your Personal Information Is Used
Disclosure of your personal data to Third Parties
Where we store your personal data

D.
YOUR CHOICES, RIGHTS AND PRIVACY-RELATED INQUIRIES AND COMPLAINTS

Choices Available to You
California Privacy Rights
Cookies and Web Beacons
Bitrix24 integrations
Copyright
 A.
INTRODUCTION  This Website is operated by Bitrix, Inc., a company organized under the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, United States of America, and its affiliates (collectively, "Bitrix24"), with a registered address at 901 N.
Pitt St, Suite 325 Alexandria VA 22314 United States.
Bitrix, Inc and BITRIX24 LIMITED registered at Poseidonos 1, Ledra Business Center, Egkomi, 2406, Nicosia, Cyprus, ("Bitrix 24", "We", "Us" "Our" or "Bitrix") is committed to keeping your information secure and managing it in accordance with our legal responsibilities under the applicable privacy and data protection laws.

 This Privacy Policy provides information about how we process personal information through the websites www.bitrix24.eu, www.bitrix24.com, www.bitrix24.de, www.bitrix24.pl, www.bitrix24.it, www.bitrix24.com.tr, www.bitrix24.cn, www.bitrix24.com.br, www.bitrix24.es, www.bitrix24.fr, www.bitrix24.in, mailinternetsub.com ("Website"), our mobile apps and our Products and Services.

 Upon reading this Privacy Policy, you will be informed regarding the following: 
 1.
What personally identifiable information of yours or third party personally identifiable information is collected from you through the Website as well as through the Products and Services; 2.
The organization collecting the information; 3.
How the information is and will be used and disclosed; 4.
With whom the information may be shared; 5.
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use, and distribution of the information and your right; 6.
The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of information under Bitrix24's control.
and 7.
How you can access and correct any inaccuracies in the information collected about you.

 BITRIX24 PRIVACY POLICY IS INCORPORATED AND MADE A PART OF BITRIX24 TERMS OF SERVICE (WWW.BITRIX24.COM/TERMS/).
PLEASE READ THIS DOCUMENT CAREFULLY.
IT CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION THAT YOU SHOULD KNOW BEFORE CONTINUING TO USE OUR WEBSITE OR SERVICES.
BY CONTINUING TO USE BITRIX24'S WEBSITE AND SERVICES YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD THIS PRIVACY POLICY.

 Your use of the Bitrix24 website and the products and services provided herein, including any dispute concerning privacy, is subject to this privacy statement ("Privacy Policy") and Bitrix24's Terms of Service (https://www.bitrix24.com/terms/) and Bitrix24 Data Processing Agreement (https://www.bitrix24.eu/upload/DPA/BitrixDPA.pdf).
By visiting the Bitrix24 Website or using any of its Products and Services (defined below), you agree to your personal information being used and disclosed in the manner set out in this Policy and in Bitrix24's Terms of Service.

 You do not have to provide your personal information to us, but if you do not provide certain information it may affect the service we are able to provide to you.

 By continuing to use this Website, you agree to us, as data controllers collecting and using your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and for the purposes of properly running the Site and offering our Products and Services to you.
 Changes in the Privacy Policy  We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy from time to time.
Please review this policy periodically for changes.
If you do not accept the amended Policy, please stop using this Website.
 B.
COLLECTED INFORMATION Personally identifiable information We Collect  Most of the Products and Services offered to visitors of the Website require you to register for a user account with Bitrix24 ("User Account").
When registering for a User Account, Bitrix24 will ask you to voluntarily supply Bitrix24 with certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online form.
Such information may include your name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home and business postal addresses.
It is completely optional for you to register for a User Account or engage in activities requiring a User Account.

 When ordering Products and Services via the Website, you may be asked to provide a credit card number, account and/or billing and shipping information enabling the consummation of the transaction.
The foregoing information is collected and processed by online payment services, including but not limited to merchant accounts services, which we may utilize for payment processing, including automatic subscription renewals.
In addition, as noted below, minimum information is requested if you choose to subscribe to product updates.

 You never have to answer any questions, and you can decline this exchange of information at any time.
However, if you should choose to withhold requested information, we may not be able to provide you with some or all of the Products and Services.
Depending upon the activity, some of the information that we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as optional.
If you do not provide the mandatory information with respect to a particular activity or purchase, you will not be able to engage in that activity or make such a purchase.
Bitrix24 will inform you of the mandatory and/or optional character of the requested and/or required information.

 You may be provided an opportunity to subscribe to a periodic newsletter and product updates.
This newsletter allows Bitrix24 to inform you of new Products and Services, updates, as well as other news relevant to the company.
The subscription service requires you to provide your first and last name, your email address, and other information.
Optionally, you are asked to provide the name of the company you represent.
 Technical information we collect  When you use the Website, Bitrix24 or trusted third parties authorized by Bitrix24 may also collect certain technical and routing information about your computer (also known as environmental variables) to facilitate your use of the Website and its services.
When you browse the Internet, your Internet browser (such as Mozilla Firefox or Microsoft Internet Explorer) automatically transmits some information to Bitrix24 every time you access content on one of our internet domains.
Examples of such information include the URL of the particular Web page you visited, the IP (Internet Protocol) address of the computer you are using, or the browser version that you are using to access the Website.
All of this information may be collected by Bitrix24 and used to help improve our offerings to you.

 Bitrix24 may collect information about the use of the Website, such as the types of services used and how many users we receive daily.
This information is collected in aggregate form, without identifying any user individually.

 We use such data to facilitate and track your use of the Website and its services.
Bitrix24 also uses environmental variables to measure traffic patterns on the Website.
We do not match such information with any of your personally identifiable information.
 Browsing websites and mail client interactions  The Website collects non-personally identifiable information from your computer when you browse the Website and request pages from our servers.
This means that, unless you voluntarily and knowingly provide us with your personally identifiable information, Bitrix24 will not know your name, your e-mail address, or any other personally identifiable information.
When you request a page from our Website or click an url link included in our email, our servers log the information provided in the HTTP request header, JavaScript or similar technical tools, including the IP number, the time of the request, the URL of your request and other information.
We collect this information in order to make the Website function correctly and provide you the functionality that you see on the Website.
We also use this information to better understand how visitors use the Website and how we can better adjust the Website, its contents, and functionality to meet the needs of our users.
We do not match such information with any of your personally identifiable information.
We also may follow email read confirmations to improve our newsletters.
 Mobile Apps  When you download, access, and use the App, it may use technology to automatically collect: 
 Your Usage Details.
When you access and use the App, we may automatically collect certain details of your access to and use of the App, including traffic data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on or through the App.

 Device Information.
We may collect information about your mobile device and internet connection, including the IP address, operating system, browser type, mobile network information, and the device's telephone number.

 Stored Information and Files.
The App also may access metadata and other information associated with other files stored on your device.
This may include, for example, photographs, audio and video clips, personal contacts, and address book information.

 Location Information.
When You instruct Bitrix24 to collect your employees location and subject to their explicit consent this App may collect real-time information about the location of your device.
 Files  Bitrix24 collects and stores the files you upload, download, or access via the Products and Services offered through the Website.
We understand that these files may be confidential or contain sensitive information.
Accordingly, Bitrix24 does not share or permit third parties to access such files.
However, no password-protected system of data storage and retrieval can be made entirely impenetrable.
Although Bixtrix24 uses a number of security technologies and procedures to make sure that the data on the Website is secure, it may be possible for an unauthorized third party to access, view, copy, modify and distribute the data and files you store on the Website or via Products and Services despite Bitrix24's efforts.
 Your User Account and Public profile  As described above, you will be given an opportunity to create a User Account containing your personal information.
A User Account is required for using most Products and Services offered on the Website.
 Your public profile  Once the User Account is created, you may provide additional information to your profile, access, review and update your account information online via the Website.

 Providing additional information about yourself beyond what is minimally required for the account creation is entirely up to you.
Any information you provide at registration or in your profile section may be used by us as described in our Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy.
You can review the personal information you provide to us and make any desired changes to the information you publish at any time by logging in to your account on the Website.

 If you wish to deactivate your User Account, you can do so through the User Account interface or by contacting Bitrix24 at privacy@bitrix24.com.
When you deactivate your User Account, all information stored and maintained as part of your account will be deleted from our servers, including the files you stored via the Website or its Products and Services.
 Information Relating to Children  We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16 without the consent of the child's holder of parental responsibility.
You must be 16 years old or the age of majority in your jurisdiction in order to use our Website, Products or Services.
If you are under 16 years old, you may only use our website with your parent or legal guardian's permission.
Parents and Legal Guardians may request from us to review, delete or stop the collection of the personally identifiable information of their child by contacting us by letter (using the address information provided at the bottom of this page) or email to privacy@bitrix24.com.
 Securing the Transmission and Storage of Information  Bitrix24 is committed to protecting the security of your personal information.
We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information.

 In particular, we use all reasonable endeavours to ensure that appropriate security measures are in place to protect your Personal Data.
We apply the security measures foreseen in the applicable regulations as well as our own technical and organizational security measures including policy, governance, procedures, responsibilities, risk assessment.
network and subprocessor security.

 Bitrix24 operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems.
Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary, and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our users.
Bitrix24 takes steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

 Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and so we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Data transmitted through the Website.
any transmission is at your own risk.
Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.

 We treat the information you provide to us, including the Files, as confidential information.
it is, accordingly, subject to our company's security procedures and corporate policies regarding protection and use of confidential information.
After personally identifiable information reaches Bitrix24, it is stored on a server with physical and electronic security features as customary in the industry, including utilization of login/password procedures and electronic firewalls designed to block unauthorized access from outside of Bitrix24.
Because laws applicable to personal information vary by country, our offices or other business operations may put in place additional measures that vary depending on the applicable legal requirements.
Information collected on the sites covered by this Privacy Policy is processed and stored in the United States and possibly other jurisdictions and also in other countries where Bitrix24 and its service providers conduct business.
All Bitrix24 employees are obligated by our privacy and security policies.
Your information is only accessible to those employees who perform technical support of the service.

 If a password is used to help protect your accounts and personal information, it is your responsibility to keep your password confidential.
Do not share this information with anyone.
If you are sharing a computer with anyone you should always log out before leaving any site or service to protect access to your information from subsequent users.
 C.
USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION How Your Personal Information Is Used On Contract Lawful basis
 If you subscribe to a service or register a product, for example, such information is used to register your rights, if any, to technical support or other benefits that may be made available to registered users.
We also use your personal information for registering you for an account or for a webinar, sending a confirmation e-mail, responding to your requests and helping to process the purchase or service you have selected, communicating with you when you contact a sales consultant or authorized partner, processing, fulfilling, and following up on transactions for our products and services, support, and training, to process any request by you for information or advice, to manage your account and content that you upload, to deal with enquiries, complaints and feedback from you and our partners.

Based on our Legitimate interests
 Bitrix24 may use aggregate, non-identifying statistical data for statistical analysis, marketing, or similar promotional purposes to help improve our offerings to you, to help diagnose any problems with our server and administer the Website or to improve your browsing experience by personalising the Website.

 We reserve the right to send a one-time registration confirmation email, and infrequent service alert messages to users to inform them of specific changes that may impact their ability to use a service they have previously signed up for, regardless of email contact opt-in status.

Based on our Legitimate interests and Your consent
 We use your personal information to develop and conduct our business.
Some examples of how we use personal information include: improving our products and services.
personalizing communications with you.
conducting market research.
conducting customer surveys.
engaging in more targeted, customer-specific advertising.
processing.

Bitrix24 collects your information in order to record and support your participation in the activities you select.
 Based on your consent, your personal information also may be used to keep you informed about new products, product upgrades, patches, special offers, and other products and services of Bitrix24 and selected third parties if you have consented to receive such communications.

 When you create a User Account with Bitrix24 and/or provide your e-mail address and other personal identification information, based on your personal preferences, we may periodically contact you via e-mail and provide information about special offers and promotions that may be of interest to you.
These communications will relate to Bitrix24 offers and/or the promotions of select, reputable third parties with whom Bitrix24 has a strategic marketing relationship because they offer products or services that we believe would be of interest to you.
We may use a third party e-mail service provider to send e-mails to you.
This service provider is prohibited from using your e-mail address for any purpose other than to send Bitrix24 related e-mail.
If you do not wish to receive e-mails with updates and information, please unsubscribe by sending email to: unsubscribe@bitrix24.com.
In addition, every time you receive an e-mail you will be provided the choice to opt-out of future e-mails by following the instructions provided in the e-mail.
You may also opt-out online by updating your User Account as described in the User Account section of this Privacy Policy (above).

Legal obligation
 We may hold some of your information for complying with legal requirements and enforcing our website terms of use or otherwise protecting our legal rights.

 We also reserve the right to contact you if compelled to do so as part of a legal proceeding or if there has been a violation of any applicable licensing, warranty and purchase agreements.

 Bitrix24 is retaining these rights because in limited cases we feel that we may need to contact you as a matter of law or regarding matters that will be important to you.
These rights do not allow us to contact you to market a new or existing service if you have asked us not to do so, and issuance of these types of communications is rare.
 Disclosure of your personal data to Third Parties  Bitrix24 uses services of third parties, such as e-mail service providers and hosting providers that act as independent contractors on behalf of Bitrix24.
We will not share your information with any third parties for the purposes of direct marketing.

 We have contracts in place with our data processors.
This means that they cannot do anything with your personal information unless we have instructed them to do it.
They will not share your personal information with any organization apart from us.
They will hold it securely and retain it for the period we instruct.

 The data processing consisting in hosting provider services (storage and maintenance of databases containing your personal data, protected by password) is performed on our behalf and under written confidentiality agreements by our authorized data processor Amazon Web Services, Inc.
(“AWS”).
, eu-central-1, Frankfurt, Germany.
Amazon Web Services, Inc.
(“AWS”).
As Amazon Web Services, Inc.
(“AWS”) is part of a global organization with local operating companies in a number of countries worldwide.
AWS participates in the EU-US Privacy Shield framework.

 In most of the cases the personal data of the residents of European Union Economic area will be processed by BITRIX24 LIMITED inside the European Union Economic area.

 Bitrix24 also use a third-party email service, The Rocket Science Group LLC ("MailChimp"), to manage our regular email communications to members and MailChimp act as a data-processor on behalf of Bitrix24.
MailChimp participates in the EU-US Privacy Shield framework.

 Bitrix24 may disclose your personally identifiable information if we believe in good faith that we are required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, a subpoena, or other legal process.
Bitrix24 may also disclose personally identifiable information when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating this Privacy Policy, the terms of your agreements with the Company (such as the Terms of Service) or to protect the safety of our users and the public or under confidentiality and licensing agreements with certain third parties which assist us in developing, operating and maintaining the Website and its content.

 Bitrix24 may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide personally identifiable information to appropriate governmental authorities.
If requested by law enforcement or judicial authorities, Bitrix24 will provide this information upon receipt of appropriate documentation.
Bitrix24 may also provide information to law enforcement to protect its property and the health and safety of individuals as permitted by statute.

 In the event that all or substantially all of Bitrix24's stock and/or all or substantially all assets are transferred or sold to another entity, Bitrix24 may transfer personally identifiable information to the acquiring entity.
If, as a result of such a business transition, your personally identifiable information will be used in a materially different manner, you will be given choice consistent with our policy regarding notification of changes.
 Where we store your personal data  Data storage geography depending on Bitrix24 domain zone is described in the Bitrix24 Infrastructure, Sub-processors and joint controllers section.

 Personal Data obtained via Bitrix24.eu, Bitrix24.de, Bitrix.it, Bitrix24.pl and Bitrix24.fr domain zones is processed by BITRIX24 LIMITED registered on Republic of Cyprus inside the European Union Economic Area and stored inside the European Union in Frankfurt, Germany by Amazon Web Services data centers, which are fully GDPR compliant.

 For more information about data processing activities related to Users registered through the domain names Bitrix24.com, Bitrix24.in, Bitrix24.tr, Bitrix24.cn, please contact our helpdesk services for more information for data processing locations https://helpdesk.bitrix24.com/ticket.php 
 Bitrix24 may process User Personal Data outside European Union area subject to appropriate safeguards under article 46 GDPR (specifically by the standard data protection clauses adopted by the European Commission in accordance with the examination procedure) as described in our Data Processing Agreement.
 We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that adequate levels of protection are in place to protect any information held in that country or that the service provider acts at all times in compliance with applicable privacy laws.
Where required under applicable laws we will take measures to ensure that personal information handled in other countries will receive at least the same level of protection as it is given in your home country and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

 D.
YOUR CHOICES, RIGHTS AND PRIVACY-RELATED INQUIRIES AND COMPLAINTS Choices Available to You  You can always choose whether or not to disclose personally identifiable information and that choice will not prevent you from using the Website.
Please note, however, if you should choose to withhold requested information, we may not be able to provide you with some of the services dependent upon the collection of this information and you will be given an opportunity to "opt-in" and make your preference choices for any items that are optional and which are not prerequisite for our rendering such services.

 You can choose at any time to opt out of receiving emails from Bitrix24 or from having your personally identifiable information shared with selected companies.
If you wish to opt out, you can do so by editing your User Account preferences with respect to e-mail or the sharing of information.
If you elect to "opt out" we will not, as applicable, share your personal information with third parties or send you emails.
However, we may continue to use your personal information for internal purposes, to enhance your user experience or as necessary to administer the site or comply with applicable law.
 California Privacy Rights  We will not share any Personal Data with third-parties for their direct marketing purposes to the extent prohibited by California law.
If our practices change, we will do so in accordance with applicable laws and will notify you in advance.



In European Union and some other jurisdictions you may have the following rights concerning our processing of your personal data:

 Right to access.
You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information.
This right always applies; Right to rectification.
You have the right to ask us to rectify information you think is inaccurate.
You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete.
This right always applies;
 Right to erasure.
This right is applicable when one of the following applies:
 (a) the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; (b) the data subject withdraws consent on which the processing is based or where there is no other legal ground for the processing; (c) the data subject objects to the processing and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing; (d) the personal data have been unlawfully processed;
 Right to restriction of processing.
When processing is restricted, we will store your personal data, but not further process it;
 Right to data portability.
Is your right to receive the personal data which you have given to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and the right to transmit that data to another controller from the current controller applicable if: The processing is based on consent or on a contract, and the processing is carried out by automated means;
 Right to object.
You have the right to object to processing (on grounds relating your particular situation) if we process your information in our legitimate interests.
The only reasons we will be able to deny your request is if we can show compelling legitimate grounds for the processing, which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defense of a legal claims or if the processing of data is necessary for the performance of our contract with you;
 Right to withdraw your consent at any time in case of any consent-based processing of your personal data without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before your withdrawal.
and
 Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.


 You may exercise your legal rights by contacting us via email to privacy@bitrix24.com.
This request must include at least the following information: the link to your portal and your administrator registration email address.

 Bitrix24 takes and addresses its users' privacy concerns with utmost respect and attention.
If you believe that there was an instance of non-compliance with this Privacy Policy with regard to your personal information or you have other related inquiries or concerns, you may write or contact Bitrix24 at email: privacy@bitrix24.com.

 In your message, please describe in as much detail as possible the nature of your inquiry or the ways in which you believe that the Privacy Policy has not been complied with.
We will investigate your inquiry or complaint promptly.

 Please note that if you provide Bitrix24 with inconsistent privacy preferences (for example, by indicating on one occasion that third parties may contact you with marketing offers and indicating on another occasion that they may not), Bitrix24 cannot guarantee that your most recent privacy preference will be honored.

 You may exercise your legal rights by contacting our representative in European Union Area and Data Protection Officer Elena Rizanova via email to info@quick-gdpr.co.uk.
 Cookies and Web Beacons  The Website uses "cookie" and "web beacon" technology.
"Cookies" are short pieces of data generated by a web server that a website stores on a user's computer.
Certain pages on our Website may require the use of a cookie for purposes of keeping information you enter on multiple pages together.
Cookies also enable us to customize our Website and offerings to your needs and provide you with a better online experience with us.
In addition, cookies are used to: 
 measure usage of various pages on our Website to help us make our information.
more pertinent to your needs and easy for you to access; identify and categorized the internet webpages from which the visitor came to the Website and observe the browsing patterns.
and  provide functionality such as online orders, Bitrix24 services and other functionality that we believe would be of interest and value to you.

 The types of cookies that we use are referred to as "session" cookies and "persistent" cookies.
Session cookies are temporary and are automatically deleted once you leave the Website.
Persistent cookies remain on your computer hard drive until you delete them.
We do not use cookies to gather information concerning your visits to other websites, nor ascertain any personally identifiable information about you apart from what you voluntarily provide us in your dealings with Bitrix24.
Cookies do not, under ordinary circumstances, corrupt or damage your computer, programs, or computer files.

 In addition, the service providers we use to serve and host our advertisements, and/or deliver our e-mails use session and persistent cookies, to track the number of times the Website is accessed and whether the site was accessed from an advertisement.
There are no cookies in the advertisements or e-mails.
A cookie is placed on your computer only if and when you click on an advertisement or open the e-mail.
The cookie generated from the advertisement or e-mail does not contain any personally identifiable information and will remain on your hard drive until you delete it.

 You may set your browser to block cookies (consult the instructions for your particular browser on how to do this), although doing so may adversely affect your ability to perform certain transactions, use certain functionality and access certain content on our Website.

 Web beacons are used in combination with cookies to help website operators understand how visitors interact with their websites.
A web beacon is typically a transparent graphic image (usually 1 pixel x 1 pixel) that is placed on a site.
In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, web beacons are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence.
These web beacons are not tied to personally identifiable information.
The use of a web beacons allows the site to measure the actions of the visitor opening the page that contains the web beacon.
It makes it easier to follow and record the activities of a recognized browser, such as the path of pages visited at a website.
Bitrix24 uses the information provided by web beacons to develop a better understanding of how the Website's visitors use the Website, and to facilitate those visitors' interactions with the Website.
Bitrix24 may make the aggregate data obtained from web analytics (including from our third party analytics providers, if applicable) publicly available.
If this data is made available, none of the information will be personally identifying information or potentially-personally identifying information.
 Bitrix24 Integrations, Third Party Links And Extensions Privacy Statement  1.
Introduction.
This Privacy Statement describes how the Personal Data is processed under Bitrix24 Third Party integrations, Third Party links and Non-Bitrix Applications.
 2.
Definitions

 2.1 “Bitrix24,” “we,” “us” “our” means Bitrix Inc and its affiliates; 2.2 “Customer”, “You” means the organization that subscribes to the Services and through whom you, the end user of such Services, are provided access to the Bitrix24 Services; 2.3 “Customer Data” means electronic data and information submitted by or for Customer to the Services.
 2.4 “Personal data” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
 2.5 “Services” means products and services that are ordered by our Customers and made available online by Bitrix24 as described in Bitrix24's Terms of Service ; 2.6 “Third Party Services” means services that are provided to the Customer by a third party and/or listed on an online directory, catalog or marketplace of applications that interoperate with Bitrix24 Services (“Non-Bitrix Applications”).

 3.
Limited Use disclosure

 Bitrix24 use of information received from Google APIs will adhere to the Google API Services User Data Policy, including the Limited Use requirements.

 4.
What data is collected?

4.1 Google Services Integrations

 If you connect your Bitrix24 account to apps or services provided by other parties, such as Google, certain Customer Data may be collected from your device by Google.
This data may be collected automatically through the use of application programming interfaces such as the Google API Services or Gmail's API (OAuth), and may include: 



The contents, metadata and related information of emails, Google calendar events and stored files when you choose to sync your App with Gmail, calendar and cloud storage services (Google Drive);
Email addresses of your Inbox and Sent folders, when you choose to sync your Bitrix24 account and Gmail with your device’s address book.
and
Customer Data that you send from your Bitrix24 account to Google, or data that you request from any of the Google services, automatically or otherwise.
Note that, as a security precaution, if you choose to connect your Bitrix24 account to apps or services provided by Google and you request data from any of the Google services, information that identifies you or your device may also be sent in order to authenticate the request.
You can revoke access at any time.
App's use of information received, and App's transfer of information to any other app, from Google APIs will adhere to Google's Limited Use Requirements.
App’s use of information received from Gmail APIs will adhere to Google's Limited Use Requirements.



4.2 Bitrix24 Two-way synchronization:




Two-way synchronization between Bitrix24 and Gmail means that even if you work with emails in Gmail, you’ll have copies of those in Bitrix24 CRM or Webmail.
Also, you can send emails directly from inside Bitrix24 using Gmail when this integration is enabled.
If you’d like more information about this integration, please see https://helpdesk.bitrix24.com/open/8236675/?sphrase_id=39451817 ;
Calendar Two-way synchronization between Bitrix24 and Google Calendars means all events created in Google Calendar are automatically synched with Bitrix24 calendars and vice-versa.
If you’d like more information about this integration, please see https://helpdesk.bitrix24.com/open/8747845/?sphrase_id=39451913;
Google Docs: Google Docs can be used inside Bitrix24 account for viewing and editing documents online.
If you’d like more information about this integration, please see https://helpdesk.bitrix24.com/open/2154445/?sphrase_id=39451935



5.
How Your Personal Information Is Used via the Third party integrations:

 5.1 Based on our legitimate interests or as necessary to perform our contract with you, to administer, improve and provide to you our extended integration Services upon your request.

 5.2 Legal obligation We may hold some of your information for complying with legal requirements and enforcing our website terms of use or otherwise protecting our legal rights.

 We also reserve the right to contact you if compelled to do so as part of a legal proceeding or if there has been a violation of any applicable licensing, warranty and purchase agreements.

 Bitrix24 is retaining these rights because in limited cases we feel that we may need to contact you as a matter of law or regarding matters that will be important to you.
These rights do not allow us to contact you to market a new or existing service if you have asked us not to do so, and issuance of these types of communications is rare.

6.
Disclosure of your personal data to Third Parties

 Bitrix24 is not responsible for the data processing practices of any Third Party Providers.
We encourage you to review your Third Party Providers’ respective privacy notices before enabling a Third Party Service integration.

7.
Choices Available to You

 You can always choose whether or not to disclose personally identifiable information and that choice will not prevent you from using our Services.
Please note, however, if you should choose not to make available some of your personal information, we may not be able to provide you with some of the services described in thisIntegrations, Third Party links and extensions privacy statement.

8.
Data Retention

 Bitrix24 may retain your Personal Data for a period of time consistent with the original purpose of collection (see the section “4.
How Your Personal Information Is Used via the Third party integrations”).

9.
Your rights

 In European Union and some other jurisdictions you may have the following rights concerning our processing of your personal data: 
 Right to access.
You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information.
This right always applies.

 Right to rectification.
You have the right to ask us to rectify information you think is inaccurate.
You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete.
This right always applies.


 Right to erasure.
This right is applicable when one of the following applies: 
 (a) the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; (b) the data subject withdraws consent on which the processing is based or where there is no other legal ground for the processing; (c) the data subject objects to the processing and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing; (d) the personal data have been unlawfully processed.

 Right to restriction of processing.
When processing is restricted, we will store your personal data, but not further process it.

 Right to data portability.
Is your right to receive the personal data which you have given to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and the right to transmit that data to another controller from the current controller applicable if: The processing is based on consent or on a contract, and the processing is carried out by automated means.

 Right to object.
You have the right to object to processing (on grounds relating your particular situation) if we process your information in our legitimate interests.
The only reasons we will be able to deny your request is if we can show compelling legitimate grounds for the processing, which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defense of a legal claims or if the processing of data is necessary for the performance of our contract with you.

 Right to withdraw your consent at any time in case of any consent-based processing of your personal data without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before your withdrawal.
and 
 Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.


Copyright © 2018 Bitrix, Inc.
All rights reserved. This Website and accompanying products and documentation are the copyrighted property of Bitrix, Inc.
and/or its licensors and protected by copyright laws and international intellectual property treaties.
Bitrix24 and related logo, and all related product and service names, design marks and slogans are the trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Bitrix, Inc.
All other product and service marks contained herein are the trademarks of their respective owners.
Any use of the Bitrix24 or third party trademarks or logos without the prior written consent of Bitrix, Inc.
or the applicable trademark owner is strictly prohibited.
 Bitrix 
 Bitrix24 
 Pricing 
 Media kit 
 Contact us 
 In the press 
 Bitrix24 Release Presentation 
 Support 
 Helpdesk 
 Webinars 
 How-to videos 
 Contact support 
 Schedule a demo 
 Bitrix24 Status page 
 Resources 
 Blog 
 Articles 
 Solutions 
 Testimonials 
 Alternatives 
 Uses 
 Guides 
 Research 
 On-premise 
 Download 
 Documentation 
 Apps 
 Market 
 Mobile app 
 Desktop app 
 API/developers 
 Google API Services 
 Partners 
 Find a partner 
 Become a partner 
 Partner login 


 Terms 
 Privacy 
 GDPR 
 Security 
 Abuse 
 Rules for Bitrix24.Sites 
 Copyright © 2021 Bitrix24 
























 Privacy Overview 
Cookies: This website uses cookies for analytical and technical reasons.
‘Analytical Cookies’ are inserted by Google Analytics to help us understand which countries our visitors come from, which pages they visit and what actions they take on this site.
‘Strictly Necessary Cookies’, as the name implies, are a type of cookies that are required for proper functioning of certain features of this website, such as the ability to use live chat.
Disabling these cookies will disable access to those features and degrade your website experience.


Cookies of both types can be enabled or disabled within this plugin.
 Cookie Settings Strictly Necessary Cookies Analytical Cookies Cookie Policy More information about our Cookie Policy We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience - Find out more.
By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Change your cookie settings.
Got it Faster with Bitrix Bitrix24 Implementation Request Submit your Bitrix24 implementation request, and receive up to 5 offers from our certified Partners! No worries, all personal information is treated as strictly confidential by Bitrix24 and our Partners.
No spam, no hassle.
First Name * Field is required Last Name * Field is required Your Email * Field is required Your Phone Number * Field is required Your Country * Field is required City / State / Region * Product version or services required * Implementation Request * Field is required I acknowledge that I have read and understood Bitrix24 Privacy Policy and agree to be contacted by authorized Bitrix24 partners * Field is required I accept I don't accept Submit Debug: fill fields Request has been sent!



 Resend The form is disabled
