

 image/svg+xml 
 Site News 
 Contact 
 About Blend Swap 
 Site Status 
 Terms of use 
 F.A.Q.

 File Licensing 


 Blends 
 All Blends 
 Pending Blends 
 Staff Picks 
 Categories 
 Blend Collections 
 By File License 
 Under CC-0 License 
 Under CC-BY License 
 Under CC-BY-NC License 
 Under CC-BY-SA License 
 Under CC-BY-NC-SA License 


 By Blender Version 
 Blender 2.4x 
 Blender 2.5x 
 Blender 2.6x 
 Blender 2.7x 


 More Lists 
 Durian Open Movie 
 HJM Military Contest 
 Fantasy Content 


 RSS Feed 


 Requests 
 All Requests 
 Weekend Challenges 
 Open Requests 
 Closed Requests 
 RSS Feed 


 Questions 
 All Questions 
 Open Questions 
 Solved Questions 
 RSS Feed 


 Users 
 Artists For Hire 
 Top ranking 
 User Achievements 


 Search 
 Search in Blends 
 Search Everything Else 


 Sign up 
 Enter 
 Log in 
 Register 
 Reset Password 


 Help 
 Send us a Bug Report 
 F.A.Q.

 Get Help 
 Known Issues 
 All Documentation 
 Contact Blend Swap 


 <div class="cage-large-12"&gt.
<div class="col-large-12"&gt.
<p class="error-message"&gt.
Your browser's javascript interpreter is disabled, Blend Swap will not work at 100% for you.
Please enable javascript so you can enjoy Blend Swap to it's full glory </p&gt.
</div&gt.
</div&gt.
 Your browser doesn't support Local Storage.
Some features will not work fine for you...

 Your browser doesn't support Advanced CSS calculations.
Some parts of the site might look out of place for you...

 Your browser doesn't support History Push State.
Some features will not work fine for you...

 Your browser doesn't support Web Fonts.
Some text lines and icons might look weird to you...
 Code Of Conduct Blend Swap is a big site, and nowadays it is rather hard to keep track of everything happening in comments and messages across the community.
This is the Code of Conduct we expect you to uphold for the good of the community and your account.
Failure to comply with these simple rules will result in your account getting audited and even closed permanently.


Be respectful to your peers:
All users on Blend Swap are equal, regardless of their gender, nationality, religion (or lack thereof), sexual orientation, age, level of expertise with Blender, etc.
Report any harrassment directed towards you or any other users.
Be solidary and all around awesome with everybody.

Be strictly respectful of other artists copyright:
DON'T EVER UPLOAD MATERIAL BY ANOTHER ARTIST THAT YOU GOT FROM ANOTHER SITE THAT'S NOT PROPERLY LICENSED UNDER A BLEND-SWAP-COMPATIBLE CREATIVE COMMONS LICENSE.
Ripping, plagiarism and impersonation will not be tolerated.
Users found abusing someone else's art or identity will be blocked permanently without a warning of any kind.
No second chances.

Leave good, helpful comments:
Thank the blend authors any time! That's a gesture everybody appreciates.
Criticism is good, but try your best to be polite when criticizing some one else's work.
artists have put time and effort in their blends and they share them with love and passion, don't ruin the party by being a dick.
If you don't like a model, that's ok, but if you can't give advice for improvements, it's better if you don't say anything and move on.

Don't feed the trolls:
From time to time a troll will appear on the site, being a total douche and flaming the comment threads.
Don't fall to their level and leave similar responses.
Report trolls to us the admins ( @poifox , @mofx ) and we'll get rid of them.
If you start answering with profanity to a troll we might as well block you too.

Be respectful to the admins:
We are people, we don't like being told that our service just plain sucks without a good reason, you're not going to get anywhere if you flame our email inbox.
We are very cool guys if you're cool to us.
We will do our best to get the site working for you as fast as we can, but if you are a dick to us you're just getting yourself in trouble.

Report anything that's not working as expected, spam comments, trolls, site errors, you guys are our eyes out there, the site is really big now and we don't have enough time with our day jobs to take care of every little error.
We will normally solve the problems within minutes of your report (unless we're sleeping or it's a weekend).

Read the site's documentation and Terms of Use:
We've spent a lot of time writing these pages, so you can get most answers from them.
If your question is still not answered write us from the Contact form, with you input, questions and feedback are always welcome.

Enjoy the site.


Thanks.
The Blend Swap Crew.
 Last updated on June 03, 2014, @ 12:58 pm (America/Chicago)  Blend Swap 
 Services 
 User Accounts 
 Information 
 Legal 


 Blend Assets 
 Blend Requests 
 Blender Q&A 
 Content Search 


 Top Users 
 Artists For Hire 
 Register Your Account 
 Log In 


 About Blend Swap 
 The News Blog 
 Site Status 
 F.A.Q.

 Contact Us 


 Terms Of Use 
 Asset Licensing 
 Privacy Policy 
 User's Code of Conduct 

© 2009-2020, Blend Swap LLC.
Developed by POIFOX.
