

About


Help
Plans


 Login 
 Login Email: Password:  Password Reset 
 Policies, Terms and Conditions
Privacy
Personal information we collect, and how it's used
Profile information
You may provide us with profile information such as your e-mail address, name, and password when you sign up for a subscription, create an account, or when you edit your account information.
We use your email address to provide you with updates to your subscribed feeds, and we may also use it to provide you with technical support or billing notifications.
We do not store your password directly, instead we store a non-reversible cryptographic hash using an industry standard hashing mechanism.
We retain your profile information until you delete your account. Site visitation and tracking
 Like many websites, this site uses Google Analytics (GA) to track user interaction.
We use this data to determine the number of people using our site, to better understand how they find and use our web pages and to see their journey through the website.
Although GA records data such as your geographical location, device, internet browser and operating system, none of this information personally identifies you to us.
We configure our tracking codes to anonymise any IP addresses.
 Payment details
 We do not store your payment details ourselves, instead we partner with ChargeBee, a Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) level 1 certified payment services provider.
 Advertising
Our Free plan is supported by adverts placed in the update emails you receive.
We try and keep these adverts
appropriate to your language, country, and interests.
We partner with LiveIntent to provide this advertising, and you can read their privacy policy here: https://liveintent.com/services-privacy-policy
In order for LiveIntent to provide you with relevant advertising, we share a hashed representation of your email address with them. Support by e-mail
If you contact us by email, you will be sharing your contact details (e-mail address and name) with us for the purposes of responding to your query.
This is necessary to provide our service to you.
We retain all support tickets for the purposes of auditing and training of staff. Backups
We maintain data backups for use in disaster recovery.
These backups are encrypted and stored securely for 1 year. Our servers
We operate using both cloud and physical servers located in the UK, Ireland, and Germany.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems and are required to keep the information confidential.
All sensitive information you supply is encrypted via Transport Layer Security (SSL/TLS) technology. Correcting your personal data
You may update your details at any time through our website. Right to be forgotten
Accounts can be deleted at any time from your Account Settings page, or by contacting support. Data Breaches
We will report any unlawful data breach of this website’s database or the database(s) of any of our third-party data processors to any and all relevant persons and authorities within 72 hours of the breach if it is apparent that personal data stored in an identifiable manner has been stolen. Use of our services by persons under the age of 16
We do not allow anyone under the age of 16 to sign up or use our service.
If we discover or are notified about the presence of a user under this age, we will remove their data from our systems without notice. Changes to our Privacy Policy
This privacy policy may change from time to time in line with legislation or industry developments.
We will not explicitly inform our clients or website users of these changes.
Instead, we recommend that you check this page occasionally for any policy changes. Disclosure of information to law enforcement agencies
We may release information if we are requested to by law enforcement agencies, where we believe the release is appropriate to comply with the law. Our Third Party Data Processors
We use a number of third parties to process personal data on our behalf Name Purpose Google Site analytics ChargeBee Payment processing FreshWorks Support desk software LiveIntent To provide email advertising on free accounts External Sites
Blogtrottr is not responsible for the content of external internet sites.
You are advised to read the privacy policy of external sites before disclosing any personal information. Cookies
You can read more about the cookies we use on our cookies policy page. Refunds and cancellations All plans are available free of charge for a 1 month period, so you can fully evaluate our service before committing.
After the trial period expires, your card will be billed according to the plan's billing period.

You can cancel your service any time.
However, no refunds are offered for any unused portion of time in a billing period.

All sales for services are final: Blogtrottr Ltd does not offer refunds at this time, but under certain circumstances
we may offer pro-rated credit for services purchased. EU VAT
In order to comply with the EU's 2015 rules on the supply of electronic services, Blogtrottr is obliged to charge VAT on invoices to EU consumers, in accordance with the local VAT rate of the member state where the customer belongs.
EU businesses who supply a VAT number will be charged no VAT, as it will be for them to account for the tax under the EU VAT reverse charge mechanism.
Blogtrottr currently trades below the UK VAT threshold, and thus no VAT will be added for UK customers. About us
We are Blogtrottr Ltd, a UK limited company registered in England and Wales.

Registered office:
Blogtrottr Ltd
71-75 Shelton Street
Covent Garden
London
WC2H 9JQ

Company No.
08447594
VAT No.
GB 221636141


For any other information, please get in touch.

About
Blog
Cookies
Help
Legal

