
         BloomSky Privacy Policy Last Updated: July 21st, 2015
Protecting your privacy is really important to us.
With this in mind, we’re providing this Privacy Policy to explain our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information that we receive through our Services.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party websites, services or applications, even if they are accessible through our Services.
Also, please note that, unless we define a term in this Privacy Policy, all capitalized terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service.
So, please make sure that you have read and understand our Terms of Service. Click to jump directly to the section: 
Revisions	to	this	Privacy	Policy
Collection and Use	of Information
Information	that We	Share with	Third	Parties
Your Choices
Responding to Do Not Track Signals
The Security of Your Information
Links to Other Sites
International Transfer
Our Policy Toward Children
Questions?
 Revisions	to	this	Privacy	Policy Any information that is collected via our Services is covered by the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected.
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we’ll notify you of those changes by posting them on the Services or by sending you an email or other notification, and we’ll update the “Last Updated Date” above to indicate when those changes will become effective. Collection and Use	of Information Information	Collected	or	Received	from	You Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our Services, to administer your use of the Services (including your Account, if you are an Account holder), and to enable you to enjoy and easily navigate our Services.

Account	Information.	If you create an Account, we’ll collect certain information that can be used to identify you, such as your email address and name (“Personally Identifiable Information” or “PII”).
When you create an Account, you will also be able to choose a name for your Weather Station	(the	“Device	Name”).
If you create an account using your login credentials from one of your SNS Accounts, we will be able to access and collect your name and email address and other PII that your privacy settings on the SNS Account permit us to access.
We may also collect certain information that is not considered PII because it cannot be used by itself to identify you, such as your Weather Data.

Information Collected Using Cookies and other Web Technologies. Like many website owners and operators, we use automated data collection tools such as Cookies and Web Beacons to collect certain information.
“Cookies” are small text files that are placed on your hard drive by a Web server when you access our Services.
We may use both session Cookies and persistent Cookies to identify that you’ve logged in to the Services and to tell us how and when you interact with our Services.
We may also use Cookies for analytical purposes, to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on our Services and to customize and improve our Services.
Unlike persistent Cookies, session Cookies are deleted when you log off from the Services and close your browser.
Although most browsers automatically accept Cookies, you can change your browser options to stop automatically accepting Cookies or to prompt you before accepting Cookies.
Please note, however, that if you don’t accept Cookies, you may not be able to access all portions or features of the Services.
Some third-party services providers that we engage (including third-party advertisers) may also place their own Cookies on your hard drive.
Note that this Privacy Policy covers only our use of Cookies and does not include use of Cookies by such third parties.
“Web	Beacons”	(also known as Web bugs, pixel tags or clear GIFs) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier that may be included on our Services for several purposes, including to deliver or communicate with Cookies, to track and measure the performance of our Services, to monitor how many visitors view our Services, and to monitor the effectiveness of our advertising.
Unlike Cookies, which are stored on the user’s hard drive, Web Beacons are typically embedded invisibly on web pages (or in an e-mail).

Information	Related	to	Use	of	the	Services.	Our	servers	automatically	record	certain	information	about	how
a	person	uses	our	Services (we	refer	to	this	information	as	“Log	Data”),	including	both	Account-holders and
non-Account holders (either,	a	“User”).
Log Data may include information such as a User’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, operating system, the web page that a User was visiting before accessing our Services, the pages or features of our Services to which a User browsed and the time spent on those pages or features, search terms, the links on our Services that a User clicked on and other statistics.
We use Log Data to administer the Services and we analyze (and may engage third parties to analyze) Log Data to improve, customize and enhance our Services by expanding their features and functionality and tailoring them to our Users’ needs and preferences.
We may use a person’s IP address to generate aggregate, non-identifying information about how our Services are used.

Information Sent by Your Mobile Device. We collect certain information that your mobile device sends when you use our Services, like a device identifier, user settings and the operating system of your device, as well as information about your use of our Services.

Information	Sent	by	Your	Weather	Station. The sensors and high-definition camera in your Weather Station will collect the following weather information about your location: temperature, barometric pressure, humidity, UV and sun exposure, precipitation, and pictures of the sky and the surrounding environment
(collectively,	the	“Weather	Data”).


Location	Information. When you use our App, we may collect and store information about your location by converting your IP address into a rough geo-location or by accessing your mobile device’s GPS coordinates or coarse location if you enable location services on your device.
When you open the App, you will receive a push notification on your mobile device asking you for permission to enable your location information.
If you give us permission, we may use location information to improve and personalize our Services for you, including providing you with relevant information about the other Weather Stations you are in proximity with.
If you do not want us to collect your location information, you may disable that feature on your mobile device.
Additionally, when you connect your Weather Station to a Wi-Fi network, we can identify your Weather Station’s location.


Billing	Information. When you place a pre-order or order with us, we will also collect, as necessary, your billing information, including credit card information, and shipping address (collectively, “Billing	Information”) to complete your pre-orders and orders for the purchase of BloomSky products via our Site.
We do not share your Billing Information with any third parties. Information	that We	Share with	Third	Parties We	will	not	share	any	PII that	we	have	collected	from	or	regarding	you	except	as	described	below:

Information	Shared	with	Other	App	Users.
When you use the Services, if you make your Weather Station publicly available and consent to share your Weather Data through the App, BloomSky App Users will be able to see your Weather Data, your Device Name and your approximate location (not your exact address).

Information	Shared	with	Our	Services	Providers.
We may engage third-party services providers to work with us to administer and provide the Services.
These third-party services providers have access to your PII only for the purpose of performing services on our behalf and are expressly obligated not to disclose or use your PII for any other purpose.

Information Shared with Third Parties.
We may share aggregated information and non-identifying information with third parties for industry research and analysis, demographic profiling and other similar purposes.

Information Disclosed in Connection with Business Transactions.
Information that we collect from our users, including PII, is considered to be a business asset.
Thus, if we are acquired by a third party as a result of a transaction such as a merger, acquisition or asset sale or if our assets are acquired by a third party in the event we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, some or all of our assets, including your PII, may be disclosed or transferred to a third party acquirer in connection with the transaction.

Information	Disclosed	for	Our	Protection	and	the	Protection	of	Others.
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law.
We may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate: (i) to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas).
(ii) to protect our property, rights and safety and the property, rights and safety of a third party or the public in general.
and (iii) to stop any activity that we consider illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity. Your Choices We offer you choices regarding the collection, use and sharing of your PII and we’ll respect the choices you make.
Please note that if you decide not to provide us with the PII that we request, you may not be able to access all of the features of the Services.

Opt-Out.
We may periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote our Services.
When you receive such promotional communications from us, you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” (either through your Account or by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive).
We do need to send you certain communications regarding the Services and you will not be able to opt out of those communications – e.g., communications regarding updates to our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy or information about billing.

Modifying	Your Information.
If you want us to modify your PII or delete your PII and your Account, please contact us at support@bloomsky.com with your request.
We’ll take steps to delete your information as soon we can, but some information may remain in archived/backup copies for our records or as otherwise required by law. Responding to Do Not Track Signals Our Site does not have the capability to respond to “Do Not Track” signals received from various web browsers. The Security of Your Information We take reasonable administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect the information that we collect from or about you (including your PII) from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
[When you enter sensitive information into our Services and it is transmitted through our network, we encrypt this data using SSL or other technologies].
Please be aware, however, that no method of transmitting information over the Internet or storing information is completely secure.
Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information. Links to Other Sites Our Services may contain links to websites and services that are owned or operated by third parties, including National Weather Service websites (each, a “Third-party Service”).
Any information that you provide on or to a Third-party Service or that is collected by a Third-party Service is provided directly to the owner or operator of the Third-party Service and is subject to the owner’s or operator’s privacy policy.
We’re not responsible for the content, privacy or security practices and policies of any Third-party Service.
To protect your information we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies of all Third-party Services that you access. International Transfer Your PII may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction.
If you’re located outside the United States and choose to provide your PII to us, we may transfer your PII to the United States and process it there. Our Policy Toward Children We do not knowingly collect PII from children under 13.
If we learn that we have collected PII of a child under 13 we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible. Questions? Please contact us at support@bloomsky.com or BloomSky 1600 Seaport Blvd, Suite 550, Redwood City, California 94063 if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy.
