

RESOURCES
FAQs
 Privacy Policy Privacy Policy
Last updated: February 26, 2021
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Website.

Bottom Line Up Front (BLUF): Our policy is simple: We do not collect, use or disclosure Your Personal data.
HOWEVER, usage and other data may be automatically captured by hardware and software systems not under our control.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions.
The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:.



We (referred to as either “We”, “Us” or “Our” in this Agreement) refers to Blue Archive.



Cookies are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.



Country refers to: Oregon, United States



Device means any device that can access the Website such as a computer or a cellphone/ tablet.



Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.



Service Provider means any natural or legal person who may have access to the data on the Website.
It refers to third-party companies or individuals use to facilitate and otherwise provide the Website.



Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).



Website refers to Blue Archive, accessible from www.blue-archive.org



You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.


Types of Data
Personal Data
While using the Website, We will not ask You to provide Us with any information.
If fact, we specifically request that you do not provide us with any information.
Further, We HIGHLY encourage you to review your privacy settings to limit information that you and your systems may automatically share with or without your consent.
Usage Data
Usage Data will not be collected by Us.
However, it may be collected automatically when using the Website by others (i.e.
from the hardware &amp.
software of web-hosting and internet Service Providers.
Within our ability, we will block, disable and discourage such activities to the extent that we are able.
However, We make no promises nor assume any liability if we fail to do so.
Usage Data may include information such as Your Device’s Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Website that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When You access the Website by or through a mobile device, certain information may be automatically determined, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Your browser may also send information automatically whenever You visit the Website or when You access the Website by or through a mobile device.
Tracking Technologies and Cookies
We not not use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on the Website.
However, tracking technologies such as beacons, tags, and scripts may be added without our knowledge and used by third-party Service Providers to collect and track information and to analyze the Website.
The technologies may include:



Cookies or Browser Cookies. A cookie is a small file placed on Your Device.
We suggest that You instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent.



Web Beacons. Software containing small electronic files known as web beacons that permit tracking.
We actively search for such items and remove them, if and when, they are found.
However, as software is updated frequently by Service Providers, we make no promises nor accept any liability if we fail to do so.


Disclosure of Data
Law enforcement
No data is collected and therefore, nothing can be disclosed.
No promises are made, nor liability assumed, for automatically collected information by third-parties (i.e.
web-hosting and internet Service Providers).
Security of Your Personal Data
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
While We strive to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee the security of it and assume no liability whatsoever.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us.
If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party’s site.
We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility nor liability for the content, data collection, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
No other notifications will be given.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us by email: root@blue-archive.org

