
         Blurdle Privacy Policy Last updated: 11th April 2022
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
We do not ask for or store Your Personal Data, and We only collect some information about Your browser so We can generate some statistics regarding overall use of the Service.
By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the Privacy Policy Template. Interpretation and Definitions Interpretation The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions.
The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural. Definitions For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

"Account" means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of Our Service.
"Cookies" are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile Device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
"Country" refers to: United Kingdom 
"Device" means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone, mobile phone or a digital tablet.

"Personal Data" is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

"Service" refers to the Website.

"Service Provider" means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Team.
It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Team to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Team, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Team in analysing how the Service is used.

"Team" (referred to as either "the Team", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Blurdle.

"Usage Data" refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

"Website" refers to Blurdle, accessible from https://blurdle.uk 
"You" means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
 Collecting and Using Your Personal Data Types of Data Collected Personal Data While using Our Service We will not ask You to provide Us with any personally identifiable information.
The Service only collects anonymous metadata as described below in Usage Data. Usage Data Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.
Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g.
IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other diagnostic data.
When You access the Service by or through a mobile Device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile Device You use, the IP address of Your mobile Device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use and other diagnostic data.
We may also collect information that Your Internet browser sends whenever You visit Our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile Device. Tracking Technologies and Cookies We use Cookies to store a session token.
The technologies We use may include:

Cookies or Browser Cookies.
A cookie is a small file placed on Your Device.
You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent.
However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of Our Service.
Unless You have adjusted Your browser setting so that it will refuse Cookies, Our Service may use Cookies.

Cookies can be "Persistent" or "Session" Cookies.
Persistent Cookies remain on Your personal computer or mobile device Device when You go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as You close Your web browser.
Learn more about cookies: Cookies by PrivacyPolicies Generator.


 We only use Session Cookies for the purposes set out below: 

Necessary / Essential Cookies 
Type: Session Cookies 
Administered by: Us 
Purpose: These Cookies are essential to provide You with the Services available through the Website and to enable You to use some of its features.
We only use these Cookies to track Your guesses within a particular game.
Without these Cookies, the Service that You have asked for cannot be provided, and We only use these Cookies to provide You with the Service.

More Information: Put simply, We don't want to store Your information or track You.
However, We do want to generate nice looking graphs to see how people are playing the game and that's why We record at least some metadata (date and time of guesses, your answers, your IP address [temporarily] and your browser user-agent).
None of it can be tracked back to Yourselves, and even the IP address We initially take is put through a geolocation service and immediately discarded.
The User Agent of Your browser is stored against the initial guess, but again this is only used to get a rough idea of the Devices people are using to access Blurdle.
There has been a lot of talk in the past about fingerprinting people through their User Agent, but We're not doing that.
We don't care who You are (in a nice way!), We're just looking to make the game as accessible and fun as possible.
We also want to be able to give You nice features such as the Stats page, and to do that We need to record some information.
If You're ok with that, and You understand Our promise not to "harvest" Your data, then We'll keep developing Blurdle for You.

 Links to Other Websites Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us.
If You click on a third-party link, You will be directed to that third-party's site.
We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services. Changes to this Privacy Policy We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time.
We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. Change Log 
2022-04-11: Initial Policy 
2022-04-17: Addition of 'More Information' under the Session Cookies section explaining what data we collect and why.

 Contact Us  If You have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact Us: 

By email: team@blurdle.uk

