
        This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn moreGot it! Free Overnight Shipping 100% Certified Authentic | Bob's Watches Bob's Watches Open Menu Search Close Menu Menu 
Rolex
Omega
Sell Rolex
New Arrivals
Luxury Watches Shop Other Brands Tudor
Breitling
Panerai
Patek
Philippe
Oris Cartier
Longines
Tissot
Grand Seiko
Audemars
Piguet Sell My Watch
All
Luxury Watches
Watch
Accessories
Auctions
Shop
By Collection 
Vintage Rolex
More Rolex 101
Rolex Serial Numbers Rolex Prices
Rolex Financing
Rolex Models
How-to Videos
Rolex History Resources
Blog
Watch Resources
FAQs
Articles
Gift Guides About Bob's
About Us
Contact Us
Our Locations
Trade Program 
 Call Email Account Sign In Sign In 
 Search: Return Policy
At Bob's Watches, it is our goal to ensure that every customer is 100% satisfied with their purchase.
To that end, we offer a "no questions asked" 3 day refund on all purchases subject to the following conditions.
Products that have been worn, altered or damaged will not be accepted for a full refund.
Any pre-owned watch may be returned provided the watch is in the exact same condition as it was sold and includes all the boxes, papers, books and accessories.
Please inform one of our representatives of your intention to return the watch before you ship the merchandise.
All return shipments must be post marked before the 3rd calendar day from receipt of your watch and are sent at your sole cost and expense.
Please be sure to insure the contents for their full value as we are not responsible for lost packages.
Upon receipt, all items will undergo a thorough inspection by one of our watch experts to ensure that the watch is in the original condition in which it was sold and it includes all tags (especially any "non-removable" tags), items/accessories, etc before we will issue a refund.
Upon completion of the inspection we will refund the purchase price less any return shipping and insurance fees paid by Bob's Watches and any transaction fees (i.e.
credit card, Amazon, financing or PayPal fees).&nbsp.
This return policy is for on-line sales only: all in-store sales and International sales are final.
Rolex Factory Stickered Watches
These items are being sold in unused/unworn condition and come with the original Rolex factory stickers.
Removing these factory stickers will significantly impact the value and resalability of this watch.
Therefore, these stickers must not be removed in-order-to be eligible for a full refund.
Any watches returned with these factory stickers removed will be addressed on a case-by-case basis, but could decrease the refund by as much as 20% of the purchase price.
Holiday Policy
During the holiday season Bob's is offering an extended return policy for exchange only.
There are no cash refunds for this extended period.
Any watch purchased between Black Friday and December 25th may be exchanged for any item through December 31st.
We must receive the returned item by December 31.
Merchandise purchased after December 25th, or merchandise that is returned within 3 days of receipt, falls under Bob's standard non-holiday return policy.
Need More Time for Holiday Purchases?
No problem.
Just give us a call so we can make special arrangements with you.
Call 800-494-3708.
Pricing Policy
Bob's Watches is dedicated to always offering the best value to our customers.
We will match the price, at the time of purchase, on a Low Price Guarantee product if you find the same item at a lower price at a Designated Major Online Retailer.
However, Bob's Watches reserves the right to make any change to pricing, specifications, and inventory availability without prior notice.
Statements made on this site are the opinion of Bob's Watches.
Here's How:


If you find a qualifying lower price online, call 1-800-494-3708 and direct a customer service agent to the web site with the lower price.
On qualifying products, Bob's Watches will then verify the current price to complete the price match.


Purchase price shown is the cash wire price, and any payment method fees such as credit card fees, PayPal fees, Amazon fees, etc, will be added to the transaction total.
Prices may be higher if other payment methods are selected.
Some exclusions apply.
See the list of Designated Major Online Retailers and full details.

Bob's
Return Policy

About
Us

Careers
Affiliates
How We Give Back
Press
Trusted Partners
Bob's
Watches Wikipedia
Scholarship

Services &amp.
Support

Seller Terms &amp.
Conditions
Consignor Terms
Contact Us
FAQ

Buying &amp.
Selling

Why Buy From Us
Authenticity Pledge
Buyers Protection Plan
Bob's Rolex USA
Testimonial Reviews

Shipping &amp.
Returns

U.S.
Shipping
International Shipping
Returns
Warranty
 Bob's Watches - The Pre-Owned Rolex Exchange Subscribe to our newsletter Email address: Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube © 2022 Bob's Watches

Privacy
·
Terms
·
Sitemap

1900 Quail St •
 Newport Beach, CA 92660

MON -
FRI 9AM
- 5PM (PST)
Have a Question? (800) 494-3708 PayPal Visa Klarna Mastercard Discover All rights reserved.
Bob's Watches is not affiliated with Rolex S.A., Rolex USA, or
any
of its
subsidiaries.
Bob's Watches is an independent watch dealer and is not sponsored by, associated with
and/or
affiliated with Rolex S.A., Rolex USA, or any other brand listed on its website.
Bob's
Watches
only sells pre-owned watches and provides its own warranties on the watches it
sells.
The brand
names and associated model names for Rolex, OMEGA and other manufacturers are the
trademarks of
their respective owners.
