
        Cookies PolicyNovember 18 2020 8:09pm • Est.
Read Time: 4 MINLAST UPDATED: MAY 15, 20181.
WHAT IS A COOKIE?Cookies are small bits of data we store on the device (e.g., computer, mobile phone, tablet, or any other mobile device) that you use to access any of the Bodybuilding.com Platforms (as defined in our Terms of Use).
We collect these cookies for a number of purposes, including: (i) to recognize repeat users.
(ii) enable you to use and access Bodybuilding.com’s Platforms.
(iii) to help facilitate your navigation through and interaction with the Bodybuilding.com Platforms.
(iv) to provide personalized content.
and (v) for fraud detection and prevention.
Specific types of cookies we collect are described below.
Most cookies expire after a certain period of time depending on what we use it for.
We use cookies for several reasons, which we describe below.
By using Bodybuilding.com’s Platforms, you expressly consent to the use of cookies as described on this page as well as in our Privacy Policy.
You may adjust your cookie settings at any time as described in section 7 below.2.
WHAT COOKIES DO WE USE?Bodybuilding.com’s Platforms use both first-party cookies (which are set by the websites and/or mobile apps being visited) and third-party cookies (which are set by a server located outside the domain of our websites and/or mobile apps).3.
FUNCTIONAL OR ESSENTIAL COOKIES(Example: login session cookies)
Certain cookies are necessary in order for Bodybuilding.com’s Platforms to operate correctly.
For example, we use cookies to authenticate you.
When you log on to our websites, authentication cookies are set which let us know who you are during a browsing session.
Additionally, if you have created an account with Bodybuilding.com through a social media login, such as Facebook, these cookies allow us to facilitate such login on our website or mobile apps.
Functional cookies do not include social media or advertising cookies, which are discussed below.4.
EXPERIENCE OR PREFERENCE COOKIES(Example: language setting cookies.
RTP Cookies – customizing content)
These cookies collect information about your choices and preferences (e.g.
username and language selection) and are used to enable certain additional functionality on our websites, such as storing your preferences.
This functionality improves user experience and allows us to customize your site experience accordingly.5.
SOCIAL MEDIA AND ADVERTISING COOKIES(Examples: Facebook/Google Plus using social media for behavioral advertising, analytics, advertising and market research.
AdRoll)
Social media cookies collect information about social media usage and allow you to connect to your social networks to share content from our website or mobile apps.
We may also use advertising cookies to market Bodybuilding.com products or services to you on third party websites.
For example, if you visit our website, you may then see an advertisement for Bodybuilding.com products or services on certain third-party websites you visit in the future.
Information about this is described under the paragraphs in our Privacy Policy entitled “Service Providers” and “Third Party Partners And Integrations.”
We sometimes use cookies delivered by third parties to track the performance of our advertisements.
For example, these cookies remember which browsers have visited our websites.
The information provided to third parties does not include personal information, but this information may be re-associated with personal information after we receive it.
This process helps us manage and track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.
We also contract with third-party advertising networks that may collect IP addresses and other information from web beacons on our websites, emails, and on third-party websites.
Ad networks follow your online activities over time by collecting website navigational information through automated means, including through the use of cookies.
They use this information to provide advertisements about products and services that may be of interest to you.
You may see these advertisements on other websites.
This process also helps us manage and track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts and ensure you receive a personalized experience.6.
ANALYTICS COOKIES(Example of third party cookie: Optimizely/Google Analytics)
Analytics cookies collect information about your use of the Bodybuilding.com Platforms, and enable us to improve the way it works.
For example, analytics cookies show us which are the most frequently visited pages on our website or mobile apps, help us record any difficulties you have (e.g., mobile app crashes), and show us whether our advertising is effective or not.
This allows us to see the overall patterns of usage on the Platforms, rather than the usage of a single person.
We use the information to analyze Bodybuilding.com Platforms’ traffic to help create a better user experience.
Analytics cookies may be classified as either functional, experience/preference, or social media/advertising cookies.7.
HOW DO I MANAGE COOKIES?If you'd like to remove or disable cookies via your browser, you certainly can.
You'll want to refer to your browser's configuration documentation (usually the Help portion of your browser’s toolbar) to do this since the steps for doing so are usually browser-specific.
Flash cookies operate differently than browser cookies, and cookie management tools available in a web browser will not remove flash cookies.
To learn more about how to manage flash cookies, you can visit the Adobe website and make changes at the Global Privacy Settings Panel.
Your mobile device may allow you to control cookies through its settings function.
Refer to your device manufacturer’s instructions/settings panel for more information.
For customers located in the EEA, you may adjust your Cookie Settings at any time by taking the following actions:

If you are accessing our site via a desktop browser, you can adjust your Cookie Settings by clicking the “Cookie Settings” link in the site footer below.
If you are accessing our site via a mobile app, or using any of Bodybuilding.com’s various mobile applications, you may access and adjust your Cookie Settings in the “Settings” menu in the mobile application.

One important note is that if you do go this route, this might adversely impact your ability to use our services effectively.
Enabling cookies ensures a smoother experience when you use our site or mobile apps.
