
        EU Conditions of UseNovember 18 2020 8:08pm • Est.
Read Time: 28 MIN
Last modified on May 1, 2015.

Bodybuilding.com (UK) Ltd.
and/or its parent companies, affiliates and subsidiaries ('BBcom UK') provide website features and other products and services to you when you visit or shop at Bodybuilding.com (the 'website'), use Bodybuilding.com products or services, use Bodybuilding.com applications for mobile, or use software provided by Bodybuilding.com in connection with any of the foregoing (collectively 'BBcom UK Services').
BBcom UK provides the BBcom UK Services and sells our products to you subject to the conditions set out on this page.Conditions Of Use: EU (European Union)
Please read these conditions carefully before using BBcom UK Services.
By using BBcom UK Services, you signify your agreement to be bound by these conditions. We offer a wide range of BBcom UK Services, and sometimes additional terms may apply.
When you use a BBcom UK Service (for example Gift Cards or BBcom UK applications for mobile), you will also be subject to the terms, guidelines and conditions applicable to that BBcom UK Service ('Service Terms').
If these Conditions of Use are inconsistent with the Service Terms, those Service Terms will control.A.
PrivacyPlease review our Privacy Notice and Cookies And Internet Advertising policy, which also govern your use of BBcom UK Services, to understand our practices.B.
Electronic CommunicationsWhen you use any BBcom UK Service or send emails to us, you are communicating with us electronically.
We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on the website or through the other BBcom UK Services.
For contractual purposes, you consent to receive communications from us electronically and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing, unless mandatory applicable laws specifically require a different form of communication.C.
Copyright, Authors' Rights and Database RightsAll content included in or made available through any BBcom UK Service, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads and data compilations is the property of BBcom UK is used under license or belongs to content suppliers and is protected by international copyright, authors' rights and database right laws.
The compilation of all content included in or made available through any BBcom UK Service is the exclusive property of BBcom UK, its licensors or content suppliers and is protected by international copyright and database right laws.
You may not extract and/or re-utilise parts of the content of any BBcom UK Service without our express written consent.
In particular, you may not utilise any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools to extract (whether once or many times) for re-utilisation any substantial parts of the content of any BBcom UK Service, without our express written consent.
You may not create and/or publish your own database that features substantial parts of a BBcom UK Service (e.g.
our prices, product listings, videos and articles) without our express written consent.D.
TrademarksIn addition graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names included in or made available through any BBcom UK Service are trademarks or trade dress of BBcom UK and/or Bodybuilding.com, LLC.
Bodybuilding.com's trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not BBcom UK's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers or in any manner that disparages or discredits BBcom UK.
All other trademarks not owned by BBcom UK that appear in any BBcom UK Service are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by BBcom UK.E.
Licence and AccessSubject to your compliance with these Conditions of Use and applicable Service Terms and your payment of any applicable fees, BBcom UK or its content providers grant you a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable licence to access and make personal and non-commercial use of the BBcom UK Services.
This license does not include any resale or commercial use of any BBcom UK Service or its contents.
any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices.
any derivative use of any BBcom UK Service or its contents.
any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant.
or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools.
All rights not expressly granted to you in these Conditions of Use or any Service Terms are reserved and retained by BBcom UK or its licensors, suppliers, publishers, rights holders, or other content providers.
No BBcom UK Service, nor any part of any BBcom UK Service, may be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without our express written consent.
You may not frame or use framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) without our express written consent.
You may not use any meta tags or any other 'hidden text' utilizing BBcom UK's names or trademarks without our express written consent.
You may not misuse the BBcom UK Services.
You may use the BBcom UK Services only as permitted by law.
The licenses granted by BBcom UK terminate if you do not comply with these Conditions of Use or any Service Terms.F.
Your BodySpace AccountIf you use any BBcom UK Service you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and to the extent permitted by applicable law you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password.
You should take all necessary steps to ensure that the password is kept confidential and secure and should inform us immediately and change your password if you have any reason to believe that your password has become known to anyone else, or if the password is being, or is likely to be used in an unauthorised manner.
You are responsible for ensuring that the details you provide us are correct and complete, and for informing us of any changes to the information you have provided.
You can access and update much of the information you have provided us with, including your account settings, in the BodySpace area of the website.
You must not use any BBcom UK Service: (i) in any way that causes, or is likely to cause, any BBcom UK Service, or any access to it to be interrupted, damaged or impaired in any way, or (ii) for fraudulent purposes, or in connection with a criminal offense or other unlawful activity, or (iii) to cause annoyance, inconvenience or anxiety.
We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts or remove or edit content if you are in breach of applicable laws, these Conditions of Use or any other applicable terms and conditions, guidelines or policies.G.
Reviews, Comments, Communications, and Other ContentVisitors may post reviews, comments and other content.
and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions or other information, as long as the content is not illegal, obscene, abusive, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political/religious campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings or any form of 'spam'.
You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of a card or other content.
We reserve the right (but not, in the absence of valid information, the obligation) to remove or edit such content.
If you believe that any content on or advertised for sale on any BBcom UK Service contains a defamatory statement, or that your intellectual property rights are being infringed by an item or information on any BBcom UK Service, please notify us by completing and submitting the appropriate information and we will respond.
If you post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant: (a) BBcom UK a non-exclusive, royalty-free and fully sublicensable and transferable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media.
and (b) BBcom UK, its sublicensees and transferees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose.
No moral rights are assigned under this provision.
You agree that the rights you grant above are irrevocable during the entire period of protection of your intellectual property rights associated with such content and material.
To the extent permitted by law, you agree to waive your right to be identified as the author of such content and your right to object to derogatory treatment of such content.
You agree to perform all further acts necessary to perfect any of the above rights granted by you to BBcom UK including the execution of deeds and documents, at our request.
You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post.
that, as at the date that the content or material is posted: (i) the content and material is accurate.
and (ii) use of the content and material you supply does not breach any applicable policies or guidelines and will not cause injury to any person or entity (including that the content or material is not defamatory).
You agree to indemnify BBcom UK for all claims brought by a third party against BBcom UK arising out of or in connection with the content and material you supply except to the extent that any liability arises from our failure to properly remove the content when it is notified of the illegal nature of the content arising out of or on the grounds of, or originating from the content that you have provided.H.
Intellectual Property ClaimsBBcom UK respects the intellectual property rights of others.
If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been used in a way that gives rise to concerns of infringement, please use our Report a Problem feature.I.
Software TermsIn addition to these Conditions of Use, the terms found here may apply to any software (including any updates or upgrades to the software and any related documentation) that we make available to you from time to time for your use in connection with BBcom UK Services (the 'BBcom UK Software').J.
Other BusinessesWe may provide links to the sites of affiliated companies and certain other businesses.
We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the offerings of, any of these businesses or individuals or the content of their websites.
BBcom UK does not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, product, and content of all of these or any other third parties.
When a third party is involved in your transactions, you should carefully review their privacy statements and other conditions of use.K.
Our LiabilityWe will do our utmost to ensure that availability of the BBcom UK Services will be uninterrupted and that transmissions will be error-free.
However, due to the nature of the internet, this cannot be guaranteed.
Also, your access to BBcom UK Services may also be occasionally suspended or restricted to allow for repairs, maintenance, or the introduction of new services.
We will attempt to limit the frequency and duration of any such suspension or restriction.
BBcom UK will not be responsible for (i) losses that were not caused by any breach on our part, or (ii) any business loss (including loss of profits, revenue, contracts, anticipated savings, data, goodwill or wasted expenditure), or (iii) any indirect or consequential losses that were not foreseeable to both you and us when you commenced using the BBcom UK Services.
We will not be held responsible for any delay or failure to comply with our obligations under these conditions if the delay or failure arises from any cause which is beyond our reasonable control.
This condition does not affect your legal right to have goods sent or services provided within a reasonable time or to receive a refund if goods or services ordered cannot be supplied within a reasonable time owing to a cause beyond our reasonable control.
The laws of some countries do not allow some or all of the limitations described above.
If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above limitations may not apply to you and you might have additional rights.
Nothing in these conditions limits or excludes our responsibility for fraudulent representations made by us or for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or willful misconduct.L.
Applicable LawThese conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the UK, and the application of the United Nations Convention of Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded.
We both agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the district of London, which means that you may bring a claim to enforce your consumer protection rights in connection with these Conditions of Use in the UK or in the EU country in which you live.M.
Alterations to Service or Amendments to the Conditions of UseWe reserve the right to make changes to any BBcom UK Services, policies, terms and conditions including these Conditions of Use, and Service Terms at any time.
You will be subject to the terms and conditions, policies and Conditions of Use in force at the time that you use the BBcom UK Services.
If any of these Conditions of Use is deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.N.
WaiverIf you breach these Conditions of Use and we take no action, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these Conditions of Use.O.
ChildrenWe do not sell products for purchase by children.
If you are under 18 you may use the BBcom UK Services only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.P.
Our Contact DetailsBodybuilding.com (UK) Ltd.
operates the website under the name Bodybuilding.com.
This website is owned and operated by Bodybuilding.com, LLC.

For BBcom UK:
Bodybuilding.com (UK) Ltd., Units 7 and 8 Foster Ave, Woodside Park, Dunstable, Bedfordshire, LU5 5TA, United KingdomRegistered in LondonRegistration No: 120/PV00935791

For Bodybuilding.com, LLC: Bodybuilding.com, LLC, 5777 N Meeker Ave, Boise, ID 83713, U.S.A.Registered in Delaware, U.S.A.Business Registration Number: 4171983Q.
Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Right InfringementsIf you believe that your rights are being infringed, you may fill submit the information at Report A Problem.
We respond expeditiously to rights owners and their agents who submit information or communicate concerns about any alleged infringement.
Upon receipt of a communication, we may take certain actions, including removing information or an item, all of which are taken without any admission as to liability and without prejudice to any rights, remedies or defenses, all of which are expressly reserved.
Furthermore, in submitting the information, you grant to BBcom UK the right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, and display its content throughout the world in any media.
This includes forwarding the information to the parties involved in the provision of the allegedly infringing content.
You agree to indemnify BBcom UK for all claims brought by a third party against BBcom UK arising out of or in connection with the submission of the information.

Important Warning: giving false, misleading or inaccurate information to BBcom UK may result in civil and/or criminal liability.
You should contact a legal advisor should you have any questions.R.
Notice and Procedure for Notifying BBcom UK of Defamatory ContentBecause thousands of products are listed and many thousands of comments are hosted on Bodybuilding.com, it is not possible for us to be aware of the contents of each product listed for sale, or each comment or review that is displayed.
Accordingly, we operate on a 'notice and action' basis.
If you believe that any content on or advertised for sale on, the website contains a defamatory statement, please notify us immediately by completing and submitting information in Report A Problem.
Follow the instructions provided.

Important Warning: giving false, misleading or inaccurate information to BBcom UK may result in civil and/or criminal liability.Additional BBcom UK Software Terms
1.
Use of the BBcom UK Software. You may use BBcom UK Software solely for purposes of enabling you to use and enjoy the BBcom UK Services as provided by BBcom UK, and as permitted by the Conditions of Use, these Software Terms and any Service Terms.
You may not incorporate any portion of the BBcom UK Software into your own programs or compile any portion of it in combination with your own programs, transfer it for use with another service, or sell, rent, lease, lend, loan, distribute or sub-license the BBcom UK Software or otherwise assign any rights to the BBcom UK Software in whole or in part.
You may not use the BBcom UK Software for any illegal purpose.
We may cease providing any BBcom UK Software and we may terminate your right to use any BBcom UK Software at any time.
Your rights to use the BBcom UK Software will automatically terminate without notice from us if you fail to comply with any of these Software Terms, the Conditions of Use or any other Service Terms.
Additional third party terms contained within or distributed with certain BBcom UK Software that are specifically identified in related documentation may apply to that BBcom UK Software (or software incorporated with the BBcom UK Software) and will govern the use of such software in the event of a conflict with these Conditions of Use.
All software used in any BBcom UK Service is the property of BBcom UK or its software suppliers and protected by U.S., UK, and international copyright laws.

2.
Use of Third Party Services. When you use the BBcom UK Software, you may also be using the services of one or more third parties, such as a wireless carrier or a mobile platform provider.
Your use of these third party services may be subject to the separate policies, terms of use, and fees of these third parties.

3.
No Reverse Engineering. Unless explicitly permitted under applicable mandatory law, you may not, and you will not encourage, assist or authorize any other person to copy, modify, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble, or otherwise tamper with, the BBcom UK Software, whether in whole or in part, or create any derivative works from or of the BBcom UK Software.Conditions of SaleThese Conditions of Sale govern the sale of products by Bodybuilding.com (UK) Ltd.
to you.
Bodybuilding.com is a trading name of Bodybuilding.com (UK) Ltd.
We offer a wide range of products and services, and sometimes additional terms may apply.
When you use a BBcom UK website feature (for example BodySpace, Gift Cards or BBcom UK applications for mobile devices), you will also be subject to the terms, guidelines and conditions applicable to that BBcom UK product or feature ('Service Terms').
If these Conditions of Sale are inconsistent with the Service Terms, those Service Terms will control.

Please read these conditions carefully before placing an order with Bodybuilding.com (UK) Ltd.
By placing an order with Bodybuilding.com (UK) Ltd., you signify your agreement to be bound by these conditions.
A.
Our ContractYour order is an offer to BBcom UK to buy the product(s) in your order.
When you place an order to purchase a product from BBcom UK, we will send you an e-mail confirming receipt of your order and containing the details of your order (the 'Order Confirmation E-mail').
The Order Confirmation E-mail is acknowledgement that we have received your order, and does not confirm acceptance of your offer to buy the product(s) ordered.
We only accept your offer, and conclude the contract of sale for a product ordered by you, when we dispatch the product to you and send e-mail confirmation to you that we've dispatched the product to you (the 'Dispatch Confirmation E-mail').
If your order is dispatched in more than one package, you may receive a separate Dispatch Confirmation E-mail for each package, and each Dispatch Confirmation E-mail and corresponding dispatch will conclude a separate contract of sale between us for the product(s) specified in that Dispatch Confirmation E-mail.
Your contract is with Bodybuilding.com (UK) Ltd.
Without affecting your right of withdrawal set out in section 2 below, you can cancel your order for a product at no cost any time before we send the Dispatch Confirmation E-mail relating to that product.B.
ReturnsPlease review the Returns section in the Help section of the Store page which applies to products sold by BBcom UK.
BBcom UK does not take title to returned items until the items arrive at the returns address destination.
At our discretion, a refund may be issued without requiring a return.
In this situation, BBcom UK does not take title to the refunded item.C.
Pricing and AvailabilityAll prices are inclusive of legally applicable VAT.
We list availability information for products sold by us on the website including on each product information page.
Beyond what we say on that page or otherwise on the website, we cannot be more specific about availability.
As we process your order, we will inform you by e-mail as soon as possible if any products you order turn out to be unavailable, delayed or on back order if we cannot ship an item for some reason or you cancel the order, and you will not be charged for those products.
Please note that unless otherwise stated on the website, delivery estimates are just that.
They are not guaranteed delivery times and should not be relied upon as such.
Despite our best efforts, a small number of the items in our catalogue may be mispriced.
We will verify pricing when processing your order and before we take payment.
If we have made a mistake and a product's correct price is higher than the price on the website, we may either contact you before shipping to request whether you want to buy the product at the correct price or cancel your order.
If a product's correct price is lower than our stated price, we will charge the lower amount and send you the product.D.
Product InformationUnless expressly indicated otherwise, BBcom UK is not the manufacturer of the products sold on this website.
While we work to ensure that product information on our website is correct, actual product packaging and materials may contain more and different information to that displayed on our website.
Ingredients may also change.
All information about the products on our website is provided for information purposes only.
We recommend that you do not rely solely on the information presented on our website.
Please always read labels, warnings and directions provided with the product before use.
BBcom UK accepts no liability for inaccuracies or misstatements about products by manufacturers or other third parties.E.
CustomsWhen ordering products from BBcom UK for delivery outside of the EU you may be subject to import duties and taxes, which are levied once the package reaches the specified destination.
Any additional charges for customs clearance must be borne by you.
we have no control over these charges.
Customs policies vary widely from country to country, so you should contact your local customs office for further information.
Additionally, please note that when ordering from BBcom UK, you are considered the importer of record and must comply with all laws and regulations of the country in which you are receiving the products.
Your privacy is important to us and we would like our international customers to be aware that cross-border deliveries are subject to opening and inspection by customs authorities.F.
Our LiabilityBBcom UK and its affiliates will not be responsible for (i) losses that were not caused by any breach on our part, or (ii) any business loss (including loss of profits, revenue, contracts, anticipated savings, data, goodwill or wasted expenditure), or (iii) any indirect or consequential losses that were not foreseeable to both you and us when the contract for the sale of products by us to you was formed.
The laws of some countries do not allow some or all of the limitations described above.
If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above limitations may not apply to you and you might have additional rights.
Nothing in these conditions limits or excludes our responsibility for fraudulent representations made by us or for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or willful misconduct.
We will not be held responsible for any delay or failure to comply with our obligations under these conditions if the delay or failure arises from any cause which is beyond our reasonable control.
This condition does not affect your right to have the products sent to you within a reasonable time.
If the delay occurs before the products are dispatched, we will not charge you for the products until they are dispatched and you may cancel your order at any time prior to dispatch.G.
Applicable LawThese conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the UK, and the application of the United Nations Convention of Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded.
We both agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of London, which means that you may bring a claim to enforce your consumer protection rights in connection with these Conditions of Sale in the UK or in the EU country in which you live.H.
Transfer of Collected Data to Third CountriesData collected will be transferred to Bodybuilding.com in the United States for storage and processing.
Bodybuilding.com takes the protection of this data seriously and has implemented many safety features to prevent unauthorised access to and dissemination of your data.I.
Amendments to the Conditions of SaleWe reserve the right to make changes to our website, policies, and terms and conditions, including these Conditions of Sale at any time.
You will be subject to the terms and conditions, policies and Conditions of Sale in force at the time that you order products from us, unless any change to those terms and conditions, policies or these Conditions of Sale is required to be made by law or government authority (in which case it may apply to orders previously placed by you).
If any of these Conditions of Sale is deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.J.
WaiverIf you breach these Conditions of Sale and we take no action, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these Conditions of Sale.K.
ChildrenWe do not sell products for purchase by children.
If you are under 18, you may only use Bodybuilding.com with the involvement of a parent or guardian.L.
Our Contact DetailsOur contact details:
Bodybuilding.com (UK) Ltd., Units 7 and 8 Foster Ave, Woodside Park, Dunstable, Bedfordshire, LU5 5TA, United KingdomRegistered in LondonRegistration No: 120/PV00935791Privacy NoticeBodybuilding.com (UK) Ltd.
knows that you care how information about you is used and shared and we appreciate your trust in us to do that carefully and sensibly.
This notice describes BBcom UK's privacy policy.
By visiting Bodybuilding.com, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Notice.


Controllers of Personal Information
What Personal Information About Customers Does Bodybuilding.com Gather?
What About Cookies?
Does Bodybuilding.com Share the Information it Receives?
How Secure Is Information About Me?
What About Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites?
What Information Can I Access?
What Choices Do I Have?
Are Children Allowed to Use Bodybuilding.com?
Notices and Revisions
Examples of Information Collected

Controllers of Personal Information
Any personal information provided to or gathered by Bodybuilding.com is controlled by BBcom UK through Bodybuilding.com, LLC (the data controllers).
BBcom UK is at Bodybuilding.com (UK) Ltd., Units 7 and 8 Foster Ave, Woodside Park, Dunstable, Bedfordshire, LU5 5TA, United Kingdom.
and Bodybuilding.com, LLC is at 5777 N Meeker Ave, Boise, ID 83713, U.S.A.
What Personal Information About Customers Does Bodybuilding.com Gather?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at Bodybuilding.com.
We use the information to handle orders, deliver products and services, process payments, communicate with you about orders, products, services and promotional offers, update our records and generally maintain your accounts with us, display content such as wish lists and customer reviews and recommend merchandise and services that might be of interest to you.
We also use this information to improve our store and platform, prevent or detect fraud or abuses of our website and enable third parties to carry out technical, logistical or other functions on our behalf.
Here are the types of information we gather:

Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way.
You can choose not to provide certain information but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features.
We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our stores, and communicating with you.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us.
For example, like many websites, we use 'cookies' and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses Bodybuilding.com or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of Bodybuilding.com on other Web sites.
Mobile: When you download or use apps created by BBcom UK or its subsidiaries and, where applicable, have requested or consented to location services, we may receive information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device.
We may use this information to provide you with location-based services, such as search results, and other personalised content.
Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services.

What About Cookies?
To enable our systems to recognize your device and to provide features to you, we use cookies.
For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our Cookies And Internet Advertising policy.
Does Bodybuilding.com Share the Information It Receives?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not in the business of selling it to others.
Bodybuilding.com shares customer information only as described below and with Bodybuilding.com, LLC and the subsidiaries which Bodybuilding.com, LLC controls and that are either subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.

Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control: We work closely with affiliated businesses.
You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions and we may share customer information related to those transactions with that third party.
Third Party Service Providers: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf.
Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analysing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments and providing customer service.
They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Further, they must process the personal information in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection laws.
Promotional Offers: Sometimes we may send offers to selected groups of Bodybuilding.com customers on behalf of other businesses.
When we do this, we do not give that business your name and address.
Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy subsidiaries or business units.
In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise).
Also, in the unlikely event that Bodybuilding.com, LLC or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Bodybuilding.com and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law.
enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements.
or protect the rights, property or safety of Bodybuilding.com, our users or others.
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in a way that is contrary to the commitments made in this Privacy Notice.
With Your Consent: Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
Whenever we transfer personal information to countries outside of the European Economic Area in the course of sharing information as set out above, we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by the applicable laws on data protection.

How Secure is Information About Me?

We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order.
Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage and disclosure of personally identifiable customer information.
Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorised access to your password and to your computer.
Be sure to sign off when you finish using a shared computer.

What About Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Web sites?
Our site may include third-party advertising and links to other Web sites.
For more information about third-party advertising at Bodybuilding.com, including personalised or interest-based ads, please read our Cookies And Internet Advertising policy.
What Information Can I Access?
Bodybuilding.com gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with Bodybuilding.com for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information.
This list will change as our website evolves.
What Choices Do I Have?

As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of such Bodybuilding.com features as BodySpace, Customer Reviews and Forums.
You can add or update certain information on pages within the website.
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please be sure to opt out of these features.
Even if you opt out of receiving notices regarding our Conditions of Use and Sale and other legal notices from us, such as this Privacy Notice, those notices will still govern your use of Bodybuilding.com and orders placed with Bodybuilding.com, and it is your responsibility to review them for changes.
We may use personal information that we gather from you to allow third parties to personalize advertisements we display to you, when you allow us to do so.
The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie or how to disable cookies altogether.
Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer.
However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Bodybuilding.com's essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on.

Are Children Allowed to Use Bodybuilding.com?
Bodybuilding.com does not sell products for purchase by children.
If you are under 18, you may use Bodybuilding.com only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you have any concern about privacy at Bodybuilding.com, please e-mail us at legal@bodybuilding.com with a thorough description and we will try to resolve the issue for you.
Our business changes constantly and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use and Sale will change also.
We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our website frequently to see recent changes.
Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account.
We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
Related Practices and Information:

Conditions of Use and Sale
Help Desk

Examples of Information Collected



Information You Give Us:
You provide most such information when you search, buy, post, participate in a contest or questionnaire or communicate with customer service.
For example, you provide information when you: search for a product.
place an order through Bodybuilding.com or one of our third-party sellers.
provide information in BodySpace (and you might have more than one if you have used more than one e-mail address when shopping with us) or your BodySpace.
communicate with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise.
complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form.
use our services.
participate in Forums or other community features.
and provide and rate Reviews.
As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as: your name.
address and phone number.
credit card information.
people to whom purchases have been dispatched (including addresses and phone numbers).
e-mail addresses of your friends and other people.
content of reviews and e-mails to us.
personal description and photograph in BodySpace.
and financial information.
Automatic Information:
Examples of the information we might collect and analyse include: the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet.
login.
e-mail address.
password.
computer and connection information such as browser type and version.
and time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions.
operating system and platform.
purchase history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create features such as best sellers.
the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our website (including date and time).
cookie number.
products you viewed or searched for.
and any phone number used to call our customer service number.
We may also use browser data such as cookies, Flash cookies (also known as Flash Local Shared Objects), or similar data on certain parts of our website for fraud prevention and other purposes.
During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
We may also collect technical information to help us identify your device for fraud prevention and diagnostic purposes.
Mobile:
Most mobile devices provide users with the ability to disable location services.
Most likely, these controls are located in the device's settings menu.
If you have questions about how to disable your device's location services, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer.
Email Communication:
We collect emails from customers/visitors for the purpose of email promotion from several sources on our website, including when a new customer places an order.
The email information is stored in a marketing email system.
All of these email communications provide the ability for you to opt out of future email communications through an 'Unsubscribe' link at the bottom of these emails.
Placing a second order does not change your previous choice for receipt of promotional emails.
You may sign up to receive promotional emails through 'Discounts and Deals' on our site.
If you sign up to enter a sweepstakes or contest, you are opted in to receive email communications.
If you sign up to receive 'weekly trainer' emails, you are opted in to receive promotional emails.
When submitting your information for these purposes, you will see the following message: 'By submitting your email you are agreeing to receive promotional emails from Bodybuilding.com.
You may opt out at any time.' We do not sell your email or other contact information to third parties.
Information From Other Sources:
Examples of information we might receive from other sources include: updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties, which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily.
account information, purchase or redemption information and page-view information from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide technical, fulfillment, advertising or other services.
search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links).
and credit history information from credit bureaus, which we use to help prevent and detect fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers.
Co-Branded and Joint Offerings:
We may from time to time offer joint or co-branded content, products and services.
Information You Can Access:
Examples of information you can access easily at Bodybuilding.com include: up-to-date information regarding recent orders.
personally identifiable information (including name, e-mail, password, communications and personalised advertising preferences).
payment settings (including credit-card information and gift card, gift card and cheque balances).
e-mail notification settings.
and Your Profile (including your product reviews and personal profile).Cookies And Internet AdvertisingVisiting BBcom UK's websites with your browser settings adjusted to accept cookies or using Bodybuilding.com devices, mobile apps, or other software tells us that you want to use BBcom UK's products and services and that you consent to our use of cookies and other technologies to provide them to you as described in this notice and in our Privacy Notice.
See below for information on how to modify the settings in your device to notify you when you receive a new cookie and disable cookies altogether.
Cookies and How We Use Them
Cookies are unique identifiers that we transfer to your device to enable our systems to recognise your device and to provide features to you.
Any reference to 'sites' of BBcom UK includes our Bodybuilding.com websites, devices, mobile apps or other software.
For information on the controllers of your personal information, see Controller of Personal Information in our Privacy Notice.
We also use cookies for additional purposes, including:

Identifying you when you sign-in to our site.
This allows us to provide you with product recommendations, display personalised content, and recognise you as a BodySpace member, among other customised features and services we provide.
Delivering content, including advertisements, relevant to your interests on BBcom UK sites and third-party sites.
Our interest-based ads are subject to your preferences as described in the next section.
Keeping track of your specified preferences.
This allows us to honour your likes and dislikes, such as whether or not you would like to see interest-based ads.
You may generally exercise your preferences through your BodySpace account.
Keeping track of items stored in your shopping basket.
Conducting research and diagnostics to improve Bodybuilding.com's content, products and services.
Preventing fraudulent activities.
Improving security.

Cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Bodybuilding.com's essential features.
Cookies and Browser Settings
The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether.
Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer.
Internet Advertising
On BBcom UK-owned and operated sites and unaffiliated sites, BBcom UK displays interest-based advertising using information you make available to us when you interact with our sites, content, or services.
Interest-based ads, also sometimes referred to as personalised or targeted ads, are displayed to you based on information from activities such as purchasing on our sites, use of devices, apps or software, visiting sites that contain BBcom UK content or ads, interacting with BBcom UK tools or using our payment services.
Like other online ad networks, we use cookies, web beacons (also known as action tags or single-pixel gifs), and other technologies (collectively, 'cookies').
Cookies enable us to learn about what ads you see, what ads you click, and other actions you take on our sites and other sites.
This allows us to provide you with more useful and relevant ads.
For example, if we know what ads you are shown we can be careful not to show you the same ones repeatedly.
We do not associate your interaction with unaffiliated sites with your identity in providing you with interest-based ads.
We do not provide any personal information to advertisers or to third party sites that display our interest-based ads.
However, advertisers and other third-parties (including the ad networks, ad-serving companies, and other service providers they may use) may assume that users who interact with or click on a personalised ad or content are part of the group that the ad or content is directed towards (for example, users in a particular geographical area or users who bought or browsed for whey protein).
Also, some third-parties may provide us information about you (such as demographic information or sites where you have been shown ads) from offline and online sources that we may use to provide you more relevant and useful advertising.
Third party advertisers or advertising companies working on their behalf sometimes use technology to serve the advertisements that appear on our sites directly to your browser.
They automatically receive your IP address when this happens.
They may also use cookies to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalise advertising content.
We do not have access to or control over cookies or other features that advertisers and third party sites may use, and the information practices of these advertisers and third party websites are not covered by our Privacy Notice or this Cookies And Internet Advertising page.
Please contact them directly for more information about their privacy practices.
Advertising Preferences
BBcom UK offers you choices about receiving interest-based ads from us.
You can choose not to receive interest-based ads from BBcom UK.
You will still see ads but they will not be personalized.
You may modify the settings in most browsers to notify you when you receive a new cookie and disable cookies altogether.
