
        DonorsApplicantsView Scholarships Resources
LeadersCompany LoginJoin Bold.orgTerms of UseThis website is operated by Bold.org, Inc (“Bold”).
Throughout this website (the “site”), the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Bold.
Bold offers this site, including all information, tools and services available from this site to you (the “Service”), conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here (the “Terms”).
If you do not agree to these Terms, you must not access the site nor do you have the right to use our Service.
We reserve the right to update, change, or replace any part of these Terms by posting updates and/or changes here at which time they shall be binding on you.
The headings used in this agreement are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms.
By visiting our site and/or purchasing something from us, you are engaging in our Service and agree to be bound by the Terms.
These Terms apply to all users of the site, including without limitation users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, and/ or contributors of content.1.
General Conditions
You may use the Site, including the content on it solely for the purposes stated on the Site itself and as described in this Agreement and in accordance with any Service Agreement that you have with us.
We reserve the right to refuse Service to anyone for any reason at any time.
Users are the sole creators of their accounts and Bold may not independently verify the information provided.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Bold account and password.
You shall be responsible for all uses of your account and password, whether or not authorized by you.
You agree to immediately notify Bold of any unauthorized use of your account or password.

While as a practice we do encrypt data in transmission and at rest, you understand that your content may be transferred unencrypted and involve: (a) transmissions over various networks.
and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.

We own all of the intellectual property connected with the Site.
This includes, but is not limited to all copyrights, trademarks, patents, derivative works, moral rights, trade secrets, and proprietary information in all content that appears on the Site (other than the content of our third party business partners who have permission to appear on the Site), and in all software that we develop in connection with the Site and our services.
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service or any contact on the website through which the service is provided, without express written permission by us.

We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time.
We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.2.
Accuracy, Completeness and Timeliness of InformationAlthough Bold attempts to provide accurate product descriptions and other information, we are not responsible if information made available on the site is not accurate, complete or current.
The material on the site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or more timely sources of information.
Any reliance on the material on the site is at your own risk.
The site may contain certain historical information.
Historical information, necessarily, is not current and is provided for your reference only.
We reserve the right to modify the contents of the site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on the site.
You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to the site.3.
Third-Party Links.
AffiliatesCertain content, products and services available via our Service may include materials from third-parties.
Third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with us.
We are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third-parties.
We are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions made in connection with any third-party websites.
Please review carefully the third-party’s policies and practices and make sure you understand them before you engage in any transaction.
Complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should be directed to the third-party.
Additionally, Bold participates in affiliate advertising programs designed to provide a means for Bold to generate revenue by advertising and linking to those affiliates’ products or services.
This allows us to keep Bold.org 100% free for students, and keeps 100% of donations going directly to recipients.When such affiliate relationships exist and there is an opportunity for Bold to be compensated for referring you to the affiliate, Bold will clearly and conspicuously disclose that to you.4.
User Comments, Feedback and Other Personal Information and SubmissionsWe may give you the ability through the Site and the Service to provide comments, images, videos, audios, files, and other information and materials that you wish to share (collectively, “Submitted Content”).
For example, Submitted Content includes any information that you provide to us when creating your Bold profile or submitting your scholarship applications.
Please be assured, to the extent Submitted Content includes any personal information, we will solely use such personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
By providing Submitted Content, subject to Section 12 (Personal Information) of these Terms and your rights set out in our Privacy Policy, you authorize Bold to copy, modify, display, distribute, perform, or otherwise use the Submitted Content in any manner (collectively, the “Use Rights”) and to grant such Use Rights to third parties (such as our service providers).
For example, we may share your Submitted Consent on Internet-based digital and social media (including, but not limited to, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, TikTok, and Snapchat), via e-mail to users of the Site, on any website maintained by Bold or its affiliates, print advertising (including in newspapers, magazines, and other periodicals), promotional materials, and press releases.
However, Bold will honor any request by you to stop a certain Use Right or to cease using particular Submitted Content (for example, if you’d like us to remove a social media post).
To make such a request, email privacy@bold.org.
We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove Submitted Content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms.
You represent and warrant that your Submitted Content will not (i) violate any right of any third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality or other personal or proprietary right, (ii) contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or (iii) contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Service or the site.
Moreover, if you provide us with any personal information relating to another individual, whether via Submitted Content or otherwise, then you represent and warrant that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with these Terms and our Privacy Policy.
You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the origin of any Submitted Content.
You are solely responsible for any Submitted Content you provide and its accuracy.
We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any Submitted Content posted by you or any third-party.5.
Prohibited UsesIn addition to other prohibitions as set forth in these Terms, you are prohibited from using the site or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose.
(b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts.
(c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances.
(d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others.
(e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability.
(f) to submit false or misleading information.
(g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or the site, other websites, or the Internet.
(h) to collect or track the personal information of others.
(i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape.
(j) for any obscene or immoral purpose.
or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or the site, other websites, or the Internet.
We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or the site for violating any of the prohibited uses.6.
Disclaimer of Warranties.
Limitation of LiabilityWe do not guarantee, represent or warrant that your use of the Service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free.
We do not warrant that the results that may be obtained from the use of the Service will be accurate or reliable.
You agree that from time to time we may remove the Service for indefinite periods of time or cancel the Service at any time, without notice to you.
You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the Service is at your sole risk.
THE SERVICE AND ALL PRODUCTS AND SERVICES DELIVERED TO YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE ARE (EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED BY US) PROVIDED ‘AS IS’ AND ‘AS AVAILABLE’ FOR YOUR USE, AND WE HEREBY DISCLAIM ANY REPRESENTATION, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, MERCHANTABLE QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, DURABILITY, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
IN NO CASE SHALL BOLD, ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AFFILIATES, AGENTS, CONTRACTORS, INTERNS, SUPPLIERS, SERVICE PROVIDERS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INJURY, LOSS, CLAIM, OR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS, LOST REVENUE, LOST SAVINGS, LOSS OF DATA, REPLACEMENT COSTS, OR ANY SIMILAR DAMAGES, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF ANY OF THE SERVICE OR ANY PRODUCTS PROCURED USING THE SERVICE, OR FOR ANY OTHER CLAIM RELATED IN ANY WAY TO YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE OR ANY PRODUCT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT, OR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF THE SERVICE OR ANY CONTENT (OR PRODUCT) POSTED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE SERVICE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THEIR POSSIBILITY.
BECAUSE SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, IN SUCH STATES OR JURISDICTIONS, OUR LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.7.
IdemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Bold and its subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, officers, directors, agents, contractors, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, suppliers, and employees, harmless from and against any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third-party due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms or the documents they incorporate by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party.8.
SeverabilityIn the event that any provision of these Terms is determined to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms, such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.9.
TerminationThe obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of these Terms for all purposes.
These Terms are effective unless and until terminated by either you or us.
You may terminate these Terms at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use the Service, or when you cease using the site.
If in our sole judgment you fail, or we suspect that you have failed, to comply with any of these Terms, we also may terminate this agreement at any time without notice and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination.
and/or accordingly may deny you access to the Service and the site (or any part thereof).10.
Entire AgreementThe failure by us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
These Terms and any policies or operating rules posted by us on the site or in respect to the Service constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and governs your use of the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of these Terms).
Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms shall not be construed against the drafting party.11.
Governing LawThese Terms and any separate agreements whereby we provide you Service shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regards to its conflicts of law provisions.
The city and county of San Francisco shall have exclusive jurisdiction, and you hereby waive any claims that the forum is inconvenient, over any disputes related to Bold, these Terms, the site, or the Service.

The Site is controlled and operated from within the United States.
We make no representation that the Site is appropriate or available in locations outside the United States.
Anyone choosing to access the Site from other locations are responsible for compliance with applicable laws.
International visitors must comply with all local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable content, including laws regulating the export of data from the United States or your country of residence.
12.
Personal InformationYour submission of personal information to Bold or through the site is governed by our Privacy Policy which you can access via the link located at the bottom of this page.

You also agree that we or third parties acting on our behalf may send you emails regarding important information regarding your use of the Site and other electronic communications such as newsletters, promotional materials and so on.
While using the Site, if you consent to receiving a newsletter, promotional materials, or any other subscription or registration or use of another platform that partners with Bold, then you will be deemed to have acknowledged, agreed, and consented to Bold’s use of your personal information and data for that purpose.
You may opt out of receiving the newsletters and other promotional messages at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link on the email, but you may not opt-out of receiving important items regarding the use of the Site or your account and the like.
All suggestions and comments you provide become the intellectual property of Bold.

