
        THE BOLD.ORG PRIVACY POLICYThis Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or use the Bold.org, Inc.
(“Bold”) website (the “Site”).
In addition, we may from time to time add new sites that may not be listed in this Privacy Policy which are also considered the Site.Your privacy matters to you and it matters to us.At Bold, your privacy is a top priority.
The information provided below is not just so we can make our lawyers happy, but to show you that we can be trusted with your information.
If you are a California resident, please see our Notice To California Residents to learn more about your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”).Your information that we collectWhen you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device.
Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site.
This information is collected using the following technologies:

“Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier.
For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit https://www.allaboutcookies.org.
“Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
“Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.

We may also collect personal information from you that includes your name and email address, and such other information as we may require to provide our services.
Also, if you contact us, we collect additional information such as your location, and any personal information that you provide in your contact request.
In addition, we may receive information about you from other online or offline sources, including third parties from whom we validate consumer self-reported information, and verify information we already have about you.
This helps us to update, expand and analyze our records and provide products and services that may be of interest to you.How we use your informationWe use your information to provide our services.
Of course, you can opt-out at any time by providing us notice that you want us to delete and no longer use your information.
We also use information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site.
Additionally, Bold participates in affiliate advertising programs designed to provide a means for Bold to generate revenue by advertising and linking to those affiliates’ products or services.
When such affiliate relationships exist and there is an opportunity for Bold to be compensated for referring you to the affiliate, Bold will clearly and conspicuously disclose that to you.How we share your informationWe will share your information with scholarship providers, applicable academic institutions, and as otherwise necessary to provide the Bold service to you.
By using the Bold service, you acknowledge, confirm, and consent to: (i) Bold’s generation of revenue from its partnerships with scholarship providers, applicable academic institutions, and other third parties who are necessary for Bold to provide its services to you, and (ii) Bold’s use of your information and data on Bold’s platform in order to do so.
This includes third party processors (“Sub-processors”) which generally refers to technology vendors that need access to and use of your personal information to give us additional personal data about you, and to perform analytics and other work that we may need to outsource.
These Sub-processors are bound by law and/or contract to protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information.
They only process your personal information to provide requested services for us, and only act on our documented instructions.
For example, we use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site.
You can read more about how Google uses your information here.
You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here.
In addition to Google Analytics, we may share your information with other third parties in an aggregated and anonymous manner to assess the overall trends and information about our customers.
This information will not contain any of your personal information and is only shared in an aggregated and anonymized manner.
Additionally, if you indicate you are interested in particular educational institutions in your profile or via other means when using Bold’s platform, Bold may share your data with those educational institutions from time to time.
If you do not want Bold to share your data with those educational institutions at all, please let us know by contacting privacy@bold.org.
Finally, we may also share your information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.Some information security basicsThe security of your information is very important.
To help protect your information, we maintain reasonable physical, technical and administrative safeguards.
We update and test our security technology on an ongoing basis.
We restrict access to your personal information to those employees who need to know that information in order to provide services to you.
In addition, we train our employees about the importance of confidentiality and maintaining the privacy and security of your information.For our international usersThe Site and the Services we offer through it are U.S.
based and are controlled, operated and administered by Bold and its Sub-processors from offices and servers within the United States.
The Site and this Privacy Policy is strictly intended for audiences located in the United States and are provided in accordance with and subject to applicable United States law.
If you decide to continue to access our Site from your location outside the United States, you hereby agree that your use of the Site or any services we may offer are subject to this Policy and your personal information will be transferred or processed in the United States, and you may have fewer privacy rights and protections than you have in your country of origin.Our retention of your informationWe will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.
If you wish to request that we no longer use your information to provide you services or updates on additional products, contact us at privacy@bold.org.
Additionally, we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTSThis notice supplements the Bold privacy policy and provides additional information applicable only to California residents identified as “consumers” regarding their personal information pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”).
Unless otherwise indicated, terms used in this supplemental notice shall have the meanings ascribed them in the CCPA.Access, Deletion and Do Not Sell RightAs a Consumer under the CCPA, you have the following right subject to certain limitations described in the CCPA: (1) to request that we disclose to you what Personal Information we collect, use, disclose and sell, including the right to request that we provide you the specific Personal Information we have collected about you in the prior twelve (12) months (the “Right To Know”), and (2) to ask us to delete your Personal Information (the “Right to Delete”).
You can opt-out from our potential sale of your Personal Information as described below (“Do Not Sell My Information”).
The following links are provided as an easy way for you to exercise these rights.
Alternatively, you can contact us for more information or to make a request regarding your Personal Information.
To ensure that we do not provide or delete your Personal Information in response to a fraudulent request, we will require verification of your identity prior to proceeding with your request.
In the event we are unable to verify your identity, we will not be able to proceed with a Right to Know request, and will proceed with a “Do Not Sell My Information” request in response to a Right to Delete request.Right to knowWe will provide the requested information for no charge up to two times during a 12 month period.Right to deleteWe will also direct our service providers to delete your Personal Information subject to limitations proscribed by the CCPA.
This request may be fulfilled by erasing or de-identifying certain information as permitted under the CCPA.Do Not Sell My InformationIf you wish for us to retain your Personal Information, but do not want us to sell your Personal Information, please contact us by e-mail at privacy@bold.org or by mail using the details provided below.Changes to our privacy policyPlease review this Privacy Policy from time to time as we may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
Unless otherwise provided by applicable law, any changes that we make to this Policy will be published on the Site and will become effective upon publication.
Your continued use of our services or the Site will constitute your acceptance of any such.How to contact usFor more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at privacy@bold.org or by mail using the details provided below:
Effective Date: January 18, 2021.

Bold.org, Inc., 133 Kearny #400, San Francisco CA 94108 United States
