
         Welcome to Boomer.host Terms &amp.
conditions
These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of DFDB LLC's website and use of DFDB LLC’s online hosting and domain services.
By accessing this website we assume you accept these terms and conditions in full.
Do not continue to use DFDB LLC’s website and services if you do not accept all of the terms and conditions stated on this page.

The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and any or all Agreements:“Client”, “You” and “Your” refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting the Company’s terms and conditions.
“The Company”, “Ourselves”,“We”, “Our” and “Us”, refers to our Company.
All terms apply to the offer, acceptance, and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of Our services to the Client in the most appropriate manner with respectof the provision of theCompany’s stated services/products.
Cookies
We employ the use of cookies.
By using DFDB LLC’s website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with DFDB LLC’s privacy policy.
Most of the modern day interactive web sites use cookies to enable us to retrieve userdetails for each visit.
Cookies are used in some areas of our site to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people visiting our website and using our hosting services.
Some of our affiliate/advertising partners mayalso use cookies.
Reservation of Rights
We reserve the right at any time and in its sole discretion to request that you remove all links or any particular link to our website.
You agree to immediately remove all links to our website upon such request.
We also reserve the right to amend these terms and conditions and its linking policy at any time.
By continuing to link to our website, you agree to be bound to and abide by these linking terms and conditions.
Content Liability
We shall have no responsibility or liability for any content appearing on your website(s)/vps(s) and any content you choose to host on our server.
You agreeto indemnify and defend us against all claims arising out of or based upon your website(s).
No link(s) or content may appear on anypage on your website(s) or within any context containing content or materials that may be interpreted as
libelous, obscene or criminal, or which infringes, otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement or other violation of, any third party rights.
All the following usages is also prohibited on all of our server(s).
CryptoCurrency Mining, Terrorist activities, Security exploits, Email spam, Phishing, DDoS/DoS attacks
Refund Policy
All of our services do not include any money back guarantee and all purchases are final.
You can cancel your subscription at anytime, that will result in you no longer being billed in the future.
In case of chargeback you will be liable for any costs associated with that, including but not limited to the extra time it takes to resolve the problem.
Disclaimer
All services provided by DFDB LLC are for the expressed use of Clients within reasonable limitations as deemed by Company members.
We reserve the right to terminate your membership at any time if you break any of our terms and conditions.
We reserve the right to change the price of our services for the next billing period at our discretion at any time.
All our services are unmanaged.
If you contact us you need to be sure that the issue is caused by us otherwise you may be billed as is appropriate for the labor cost regarding your case

 Contact 
 Terms of service 
 Privacy policy 
 © 2021 DFDB LLC, all rights reserved 
      