
         Privacy PolicyWe at Bows-N-Ties are dedicated to protect your privacy.
All information that we collect from you is only used to process your orders and to ensure the best possible shopping experience.Bows-N-Ties is a wholly owned subsidiary of United E-Commerce LLC, and is the sole owner of all personally identifiable information collected via our web site.
Information Collected and What it’s used forTo process your order we need to know your name, mailing address, e-mail address, phone number, credit card number, and credit card expiration date.
This information is used to fulfill your order, including payment and shipping, and to notify you of your order status.
A week after you placed your order we will also send you an e-mail asking you to rate your shopping experience with us.
We partnered with 3rd party provider eKomi to conduct and evaluate this survey but we do not share any private information with eKomi.
Orders placed with Bows-N-Ties are encrypted, using SSL Technology.
Our site uses a COMODO digital certificate.
With COMODO and SSL Technology, information sent via the Internet is encrypted to protect access to communications and transactions.
Upon completion of your order, all credit card information is deleted from our database to ensure your protection.

E-mail addresses are collected and used to notify you about the status of your order and shipping information.
We do not rent, trade or sell your personal data to third parties.
In addition we offer a free newsletter through Bows-N-Ties.com used to keep you informed of specials and New arrived items.
To sign up for the newsletter we will ask for your e-mail address.
We will deliver the newsletter to your e-mail address, and you will have the option to stop your receipt of the publication at any time.
We only require your e-mail address for the purpose of the newsletter, and you will only receive our newsletter if you so choose.


Contacting Bows-n-Ties.com
Feel free to contact us with any concerns

United E-Commerce LLC
DBA: Bows-n-Ties.com434 Page Street, Ste ASan Francisco, CA, 94102
