
This site uses cookies..
We use cookies to enhance the experience of our site and better support our community and marketing efforts.
By using our site, you accept our Cookie Policy.


 


Your consent applies to the following domains: surveys.gobranded.com Your current state: Use necessary cookies only. Your current state: Do Not Sell My Personal Information. Your current state: Allow selection (Necessary, Preferences, Statistics, Marketing). Your current state: Allow all cookies. Your consent ID: 0Consent date: Change your consent  |  Withdraw your consentDo Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie declaration last updated on 1/24/21 by Cookiebot: 
Necessary (3) 


Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website.
The website cannot function properly without these cookies.


 Name Provider Purpose Expiry Type __cf_bm Pexels This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
1 day HTTP Cookie CookieConsent Cookiebot Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain 1 year HTTP Cookie WurflCloud_Client surveys.gobranded.com Used to remember if the user is accessing the website on a computer or mobile device.
1 day HTTP Cookie Preferences (2) 
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Name Provider Purpose Expiry Type __uvt Uservoice Used by the user support platform UserVoice to test whether cookies are enabled 1 year HTTP Cookie yt-player-bandwidth YouTube Used to determine the optimal video quality based on the visitor's device and network settings.
Persistent HTML Local Storage Statistics (7) 


Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.

 Name Provider Purpose Expiry Type _ga surveys.gobranded.com Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
2 years HTTP Cookie _gat surveys.gobranded.com Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate 1 day HTTP Cookie _gid surveys.gobranded.com Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
1 day HTTP Cookie collect Google Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behaviour.
Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
Session Pixel Tracker ugid Unsplash Necessary for the implementation of video-content on the website.
1 year HTTP Cookie uvts Uservoice Unique identifier for UserVoice's help desk system 1 year HTTP Cookie yt-player-headers-readable YouTube Used to determine the optimal video quality based on the visitor's device and network settings.
Persistent HTML Local Storage Marketing (29) 
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites.
The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Name Provider Purpose Expiry Type _fbp Facebook Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
3 months HTTP Cookie _pin_unauth Pinterest Used by Pinterest to track the usage of services.
1 year HTTP Cookie _rdt_uuid Reddit Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
3 months HTTP Cookie _uetsid Microsoft Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
1 day HTTP Cookie _uetsid Microsoft Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
Persistent HTML Local Storage _uetsid_exp Microsoft Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
Persistent HTML Local Storage _uetvid Microsoft Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
16 days HTTP Cookie _uetvid Microsoft Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
Persistent HTML Local Storage _uetvid_exp Microsoft Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
Persistent HTML Local Storage ads/ga-audiences Google Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites.
Session Pixel Tracker fr Facebook Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
3 months HTTP Cookie IDE Google Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user.
1 year HTTP Cookie MUID Microsoft Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID.
The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains.
1 year HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-user-list/# Google Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites.
This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites.
Session Pixel Tracker pagead/landing Google Inc.
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
Session Pixel Tracker rp.gif Reddit Necessary for the implementation of the Reddit.com's share-button function.
Session Pixel Tracker test_cookie Google Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
1 day HTTP Cookie tr Facebook Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
Session Pixel Tracker v3 Pinterest Used by Pinterest to track the usage of services.
Session Pixel Tracker VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE YouTube Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos.
179 days HTTP Cookie wwwmintvine surveys.gobranded.com Pending 299 days HTTP Cookie YSC YouTube Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
Session HTTP Cookie yt-player-bandaid-host YouTube Used to determine the optimal video quality based on the visitor's device and network settings.
Persistent HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed YouTube Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices YouTube Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Persistent HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id YouTube Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Persistent HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period YouTube Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app YouTube Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name YouTube Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML Local Storage Unclassified (5) 
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Name Provider Purpose Expiry Type __uv_r Uservoice Pending Session HTML Local Storage CakeCookie[device_type] surveys.gobranded.com Pending 29 days HTTP Cookie gb_error surveys.gobranded.com Pending Session HTTP Cookie gb_lb_login[gb_lb_login] surveys.gobranded.com Pending 29 days HTTP Cookie usersource[aid] surveys.gobranded.com Pending 29 days HTTP Cookie 
      