
         Brax.Me Terms of Service Use 
 Use of this service is FREE for non-commercial use and for personal storage use under 4GB, and file sharing download bandwidth under 4GB.
SocialVision use requires an annual subscription and is subject to the storage and bandwidth limits of the subscription.
Enterprise users must sign up on the website https://brax.me.


You may choose to terminate this service at any time and you have the ability to delete all content before you do so.
If you terminate this service, your content will not be retrievable.


Use of this software is prohibited in certain countries to which export of Cryptography is banned.
These are
"Terrorist Supporting Countries" classified as "E1" as defined in EAR part 772.1 of US Export Laws.


There are no warranties with the use of this service, either expressed or implied.


Privacy

 Your privacy is our focus and is of the utmost importance to us.


We designed our Privacy Policy to make important disclosures about how you can use Brax.Me to communicate with others and what information we collect and use.
We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy, and to use it to help you make informed decisions.


Sharing Your Content and Information

 You own all of the content and information you post on Brax.Me, and you can control how it is shared through your privacy and application settings.
We do not share your information unless required
to do so by US law.


Brax.Me Photos - Photos uploaded to the Brax.Me My Photos are stored in an encrypted form.
We do not expose an open
link to the Internet to those photos unless you choose to do it yourself.
You can share your photos as "Open" or "Hidden".
At any time,
you can delete a photo and it will be unavailable to all where it was shared.


Brax.Me Files - Files uploaded to the Brax.Me My Files are also stored in an encrypted form.
You can provide links to your stored file for external use if you wish.
Note that downloads of your content is subject to the bandwidth and storage limit of your subscription.


Brax.Me Blog Rooms - discussions and photos are private and encrypted and not exposed to non-members of the room.
The
blog creator decides which blog rooms will have open or restricted membership.
Subscribers cannot see who is participating in any other Brax.Me Blog Room unless they are a member of that blog room.
Blog Rooms are not visible to search engines and robot crawlers.


Brax.Me Chat - If you 'Chat' with any party be assured that your messages are encrypted.
You control the lifespan of the conversation.
Once you delete the conversation, there will be nothing kept on our end.
This is HIPAA compliant.


If you are on the free subscription, you are only eligible to see chat messages within the last 60 days.
However, once you change to a paid subscription, viewing of all messages will be restored.


Social media posts, likes, or any other content created through Brax.Me are not used to track your behavior in any
way for advertising purposes.
We strive to limit exposure of your identity on the Internet.


Passwords to all aspects of Brax.Me are stored with encryption or stored as hashes.
Only you can know your password.
We
cannot view it or modify it for you.
You may reset the password yourself as long as you control your email address.
In
the event that you lose control of your email address, we advise you to set up a new account.
We will be happy to transfer any account credits if any apply (for paid services).


Encryption


All content is kept in an encrypted form both in storage and in transport.
Encryption ciphers used meet or exceed US Government security requirements (cipher used is approved for TOP SECRET use).


Content Moderation


Public (discoverable and searchable) viewable content or materials of any kind (text, graphics,
images, photographs, sounds, etc.) that in our reasonable judgment may be found objectionable or
inappropriate, for example, materials that may be considered obscene, pornographic, or defamatory will be
removed from public access.


Inappropriate content includes: harassment, ad-hominem and defamatory attacks against specific people using the app.


Users who create inappropriate content in publicly discoverable areas are subject to having their account inactivated, disabled, or have parts of their content partially or totally deleted in publicly visible areas.
They may also be subject to restrictions
on public posting.
Users may block individuals from contacting them by adding them to their block list.


Copyrights and Trademarks


You will not represent yourself as employees or officials of Brax.Me without prior authorization.
You will not use the name Brax.Me and logos of Brax.Me on merchandise without the prior approval of the company.
You will not use the name 'Rob Braxman','Brax' or use usernames that imply authority within the platform.


Your Commitments


We do our best to keep Brax.Me safe, but we cannot guarantee it.
We need your help to keep Brax.Me safe, which includes the following commitments by you:


You will not post unauthorized commercial communications (such as spam).


You will not collect users' content or information, or otherwise access Brax.Me, using automated means (such as harvesting bots, robots, spiders, or scrapers) without our prior permission.


You will not engage in unlawful multi-level marketing, such as a pyramid scheme, on Brax.Me

You will not create discoverable or searchable content that can be considered obscene, pornographic, or defamatory.


You will not upload viruses or other malicious code.


You will not solicit login information or access an account belonging to someone else.


You will not use Brax.Me to do anything unlawful, misleading, malicious, or discriminatory.


You will not do anything that could disable, overburden, or impair the proper working or appearance of Brax.Me, such as a denial of service attack, spamming, or interference with page rendering or other Brax.Me functionality.


You will not facilitate or encourage any violations of this Statement or our policies.


You must agree to the Terms of Use before using this service.
You must be of legal age in your jurisdiction to accept the Terms of use.
If not then the terms of use must be accepted by your guardian.
You must be at least 13 years old to use this service.








(C) Copyright 2020 Brax.Me 
      