
         <iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NK8XSV3&l=dataLayer" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe&gt.
Summer 2021: Extreme Weather, Heatwaves &amp.
Wildfires 
Products 
 Products Overview Air quality data APIs for businesses

 Air Pollution API Real-time air quality data for your business Pollen API Global multi-species pollen API Fires API Location-specific fire information

 API Documentation How to use and integrate our APIs API Login 


Solutions 
 Air Purification &amp.
Smart Homes Air quality alerts for residential and commercial settings

 Medical Devices &amp.
Digital Health Pollution alerts for medical devices and health apps

 Automotive &amp.
Smart Mobility Preventing in-cabin contamination &amp.
passenger exposure to harmful pollution

 Media &amp.
Advertising Environmental data for advertisers and publishers to increase ROI



Plans
Resources 
 Use Cases Innovative customer integrations and benefits

 Resource Center Informative premium content about air pollution, pollen data, and API integrations



Company 
 About Us 
 Careers 


Blog

Contact Us


Check Your Air Quality
Contact Us Cookies Policy  In our site, www.breezometer.com ("Site"), we use cookies and similar files or technologies to automatically collect and store information about your computer, device, and Site usage, in order to improve their performance and enhance your user experience.
We use the general term "cookies" in this policy to refer to these technologies and all such similar technologies that collect information automatically when you are using our Site where this policy is posted.
You can find out more about cookies and how to control them in the information below.


 If you do not accept the use of these cookies, please disable them using the instructions in this cookie policy or by changing your browser settings so that cookies from this Site cannot be placed on your computer or mobile device.
Important: disabling cookies on this Site may seriously cripple the user experience and other features on the Site, to the point of rendering them useless.


 In this Cookies Policy, we use the term Breezometer (and "we", "us" and "our") to refer to Breezometer Ltd.
Our Privacy Policy is available at https://www.breezometer.com/privacy-policy.
 What is a cookie?  Cookies are computer files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website.
Cookies can then be sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognizes that cookie.
Cookies are widely used in order to make websites work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the website.


 Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improving the user experience.
Cookies may tell us, for example, whether you have visited our Site before or whether you are a new visitor.


There are two broad categories of cookies:


First party cookies, served directly by us to your computer or mobile device.
Third party cookies, which are served by a third party on our behalf.
We use third party cookies for functionality, performance / analytics, marketing, unclassified and other technologies, and social media purposes.



 Cookies can remain on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time.
Some cookies are 'session cookies', meaning that they exist only while your browser is open.
These are deleted automatically once you close your browser.
Other cookies are 'permanent cookies', meaning that they survive after your browser is closed.
They can be used by websites to recognize your computer when you open your browser and browse the Internet again.

 Web beacons: 
 Cookies are not the only way to recognize or track visitors to a website.
We may use other, similar technologies from time to time, like web beacons (sometimes called "tracking pixels" or "clear gifs").
These are small graphics files that contain a unique identifier that enable us to recognize when someone has visited our website.
This allows us, for example, to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page within our website to another, to deliver or communicate with cookies, to understand whether you have come to our website from an online advertisement displayed on a third party website, to improve website performance and to measure the success of email marketing campaigns.
In most instances, these technologies are reliant on cookies to function, and therefore declining cookies prevents them from functioning.


 If you don't want your cookie information to be associated with your visits to these pages, you can set your browser to turn off cookies as described further below.
If you turn off cookies, web beacon and other technologies will still detect your visits to our Site.
however, they will not be associated with information otherwise stored in cookies.
 Targeted advertising 
 Third parties may drop cookies on your computer or mobile device to serve advertising through our website.
These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide relevant advertisements about goods and services that you may be interested in.
They may also employ technology that is used to measure the effectiveness of advertisements.
The information collected through this process does not enable us or them to identify your name, contact details or other personally identifying details unless you choose to provide these to us.

 How do we use cookies? 
We use cookies to:


track traffic flow and patterns of travel in connection with our Site;
understand the total number of visitors to our Sites on an ongoing basis and the types of internet browsers (e.g.
Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Internet Explorer) and operating systems (e.g.
Windows or Mac) used by our visitors;
monitor the performance of our Site and to continually improve it.
and
customize and enhance your online experience.

 What types of cookies do we use? 
 The types of cookies used by us in connection with the Site can be considered 'essential website cookies', 'functionality cookies', 'analytics and performance cookies', 'marketing', 'unclassified', and 'other technologies' We've set out some further information below, and the purposes of the cookies we set in the following table.


1.
Cookies necessary for essential website purposes

 These cookies are essential to provide you with services available through this Site and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas.
Without these cookies we will not be able to provide services that you require, such as transactional pages and secure login accounts.

 Cookie name Source Expiry Purpose JSESSIONID nr-data.net Session Preserves users states across page requests.

2.
Functionality Cookies

 These cookies record information about choices you've made and allow us to tailor the website to you.
These cookies allow us to provide you with our services in the way in which you have required, as you continue to use or come back to our Site.
For example, these cookies allow us to: 


Save your location preference if you have set your location on the homepage in order to receive a localized information;
Remember settings you have applied, such as layout, text size, preferences, and colors;
Show you when you are logged in.
and
Store accessibility options.

 Cookie name Source Expiry Purpose lang ads.linkedin.com Session Remembers the user's selected language version of a website lang linkedin.com Session Set by Lin kedIn when a web page contains an embedded "Follow u s" pan el messagesUtk breezometer.com 1 year Stores a unique ID string for each chat-box session .
This allows the website-support to see previous issues and reconnect with the previous supporter.

3.
Performance / Analytics Cookies

 We use performance/analytics cookies to analyze how the website is accessed, used, or is performing.
We do this in order to provide you with a better user experience and to maintain, operate and continually improve the website.
For example, these cookies allow us to: 


Better understand our website visitors so that we can improve how we present our content;
Test different design ideas for particular pages, such as our homepage;
Collect information about Site visitors such as where they are located and what browsers they are using;
Determine the number of unique users of the website;
Improve the website by measuring any errors that occur.
and
Conduct research and diagnostics to improve product offerings.

 Cookie name Source Expiry Purpose _ga breezometer.com 2 years Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
_gat breezometer.com 1 day Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate _gid breezometer.com 1 day Registers unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.

4.
Marketing

 We use marketing cookies to deliver many types of targeted digital marketing..
We do this in order to provide you with a better user experience and to maintain, operate and continually improve the website.
The cookie store user data and behavior information, which allows advertising services to target audience according to variables.
For example, these cookies allow us to: 


Observe the site performance and generate retargeting (Site retargeting, search retargeting, etc).
Maintain and improve the website and our products

 Cookie name Source Expiry Purpose __gads breezometer.com 2 years Used to register what ads have been displayed to the user.
__hstc breezometer.com 1 years Collects statistical data related to the user's website visits, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded.
The purpose is to segment the website's users according to factors such as demographics and geographical location ,in order to enable media and marketing agencies to structure and understand their target groups to enable customised online advertising.
__hssc breezometer.com 1 day Collects statistical data related to the user's website visits, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded.
The purpose is to segment the website's users according to factors such as demographics and geographical location ,in order to enable media and marketing agencies to structure and understand their target groups to enable customised online advertising.
__hssrc breezometer.com Session Collects statistical data related to the user's website visits, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded.
The purpose is to segment the website's users according to factors such as demographics and geographical location , in order to enable media and marketing agencies to structure and understand their target groups t o enable customised online advertising.
__ptq.gif hubspot.com Session Sends data to the marketing platform Hu bspot about the visitor's device and behaviour.
Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
__fbp breezometer.com 3 months Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
ads/ga-audiences google.com Session Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor 's online behaviour across websites.
bcookie linkedin.com 2 years Used by the social networking service, Lin kedIn , for tracking the use of embedded services bscookie linkedin.com 2 years Used by the social networking service, Lin kedIn , for tracking the use of embedded services embed/v3/counters.gif forms.hsforms.com Session Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign -platform used by w ebsite ow n ers for promoting events or products.
fr facebook.com 3 months Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
google_experiment_mod breezometer.com Persistent Used by Google AdSen se for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.
GoogleAdServingTest breezometer.com Session Used to register what ads have been displayed to the user.
hubspotutk breezometer.com 1 year Keeps track of a visitor's identity.
This cookie is passed to the marketing platform HubSpot on form submission and used when deduplicating contacts.
IDE doubleclick.net 1 year Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user.
lidc linkedin.com 1 day Used by the social networking service, Lin kedIn , for tracking the use of embedded services lissc linkedin.com 1 year Used by the social networking service, Lin kedIn , for tracking the use of embedded services pagead/1p-user-list/# google.com Session Unclassified sbjs_current breezometer.com 269 days Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
sbjs_current_add breezometer.com 269 days Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
sbjs_first breezometer.com 269 days Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
sbjs_first_add breezometer.com 269 days Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
sbjs_migrations breezometer.com 269 days Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
sbjs_session breezometer.com 1 day Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
sbjs_udata breezometer.com 269 days Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
test_cookie doubleclick.net 1 day Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
tr facebook.com Session Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
UserMatchHistory linkedin.com 29 days Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisements based on the visitor's preferences.

5.
Unclassified
 Cookie name Source Expiry Purpose goog_pem_mod breezometer.com Persistent This cookie is used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor’s device and behaviour.
It tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
i18n_redirected breezometer.com 1 year The il8n redirect, redirects user with permanent 302 redirect to their detected locale if a valid language was not found for them.
It also sets the cookie locale for future requests to their detected locale.
This also stores the last_locale for a user.
rise-above-competition-popup breezometer.com Persistent Not actually a cookie - Its saved on 'local storage' and it saves only the timestamp for when a user closes the popup 
Please note: a persistent cookie remains in your browser's subfolders until you delete them manually or your browser deletes them based on the duration period contained within the persistent cookie's file.

How to control or delete cookies

 Most browsers allow you to change your cookie settings.
These settings will typically be found in the “options” or “preferences” menu of your browser.
In order to understand these settings and learn how to use them, please consult the “Help” function of your browser, or the documentation published online for your particular browser type and version.


However, please note that if you choose to refuse cookies you may not be able to use the full functionality of our Site.

The following pages have information on how to change your cookies settings for the different browsers:


Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Safari and iOS and iOS


Third Party Websites' Cookies

 When using our website, you may be directed to other websites for such activities as surveys, to make payment in currency other than U.S.
dollars, or for job applications.
These websites may use their own cookies.
We do not have control over the placement of cookies by other websites you visit, even if you are directed to them from our website.


If you use the buttons that allow you to share products and content with your friends via social networks like Google, Twitter and Facebook, these companies may set a cookie on your computer memory.
Find out more about these here:
 https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy http://twitter.com/privacy http://www.google.com/intl/en-GB/policies/privacy 
Need More Information?

If you would like to find out more about cookies and their use on the Internet, you may find the following link useful:


All About Cookies


Cookies that have been set in the past

If you have disabled one or more Cookies, we may still use information collected from cookies prior to your disabled preference being set, however, we will stop using the disabled cookie to collect any further information.

Contact us

If you have any questions or comments about this cookies policy, or privacy matters generally, please contact us via email at privacy@breezometer.com Headquarters  24 HaNamal St, P.O.
Box 33887, Haifa, Israel 3303124 

twitter
linkedin
youtube
facebook
 Products 
Overview
Plans

Core Products:

Air Pollution API
Pollen API
Fires API



For Developers:

API Documentation
API Login


 Solutions 
Air Purification &amp.
Smart Homes
Medical Devices &amp.
Digital Health
Automotive &amp.
Smart Mobility
Media &amp.
Advertising
 Resources 
Blog
Use Cases
Resource Center
Check Your Air Quality
Air Quality App
 About Us 
Company
News and Events
Careers
Contact Us

Copyright © 2021 BreezoMeter, All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Cookies Policy Privacy Policy  This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn more  Got It! 
      