

 Play 
 Shop 
 Clans 
 Users 
 Forum 
 Membership 
 Login
Register Terms of Service Introduction and Accepting Terms Welcome to Brick Hill! In order to make Brick Hill (“Brick Hill”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) a safe and enjoyable place, these terms of service and conditions of use (“Terms”), which include hereby incorporate the Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) have been set in place.
This is a legal agreement between us and you (the “User”, “you”, or “your”).
By using Brick Hill, its website (the "Site"), or our services (collectively referred to as the "Service"), you agree that you are at least thirteen years old and you are the minimum age of digital consent in your country, and you agree that you have read, understood, and accepted these Terms and the User Conduct and Community Guidelines (“Community Guidelines”) set out by us in these Terms, and you acknowledge that you are entering a legally binding agreement between you, a user, and the Site.
If you do not agree to any of these policies then you may not use the Service provided by us.
We reserve the right to append, update, or modify The Terms without prior notice or reason, and any changes made to these Terms will be effective immediately upon being published to the Service.
By continuing to use the Service following any changes to these Terms you agree to be bound by the modified terms.
If the changes made will affect your legal rights, you will be notified at least seven days before the modifications are enacted.
If you object to any changes made within these Terms, you are no longer permitted to use the Service.
By accepting these Terms, you agree to resolve any disputes between us in binding, individual arbitration, and you are resigning your right to go to court individually or as part of a class action, except otherwise provided by the European General Data Protection Regulation and except for matters that may be taken to small claims court.
Any dispute (any dispute, action, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to any aspect of these Terms with any legal or equitable basis) that arises will be resolved in accordance with the most recent version of the Terms published to the site at the time the dispute arose.
It is the User’s responsibility to ensure that they acknowledge the latest modifications of the Terms. The Service Users may connect and interact with other users through the Site and any software or applications we may provide.
By complying with these Terms, Brick Hill grants you a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to use and access the Service, and you agree not to use the Service for any use or purpose other than as expressly permitted by these Terms.
Any attempt to obtain complete or partial source code, decompile, or otherwise exploit the Service or any portion of the Service will be considered a breach of these Terms.
All users have the opportunity to use tools and interfaces provided by the Service that can be used to create, play, interact, chat, and socialize on the Site.
We reserve the right to discontinue, temporarily or permanently, this Service at any time without giving any notice to the User.
This includes restricting or discontinuing features on the Service, and we have no liability whatsoever regarding changes made to the Service.
We are not responsible for any third-party content on our Site as these services are not under our control, and we are not responsible in any way for their content, their use of your data, or any losses sustained by you through the use of third-party content. Your Account Many features of the Service require you to create a user account (“Account”).
By registering an account with us you affirm that the information you provide to us upon registration and at all other times will be true, accurate, current, and complete.
We reserve the right to reject any information provided by you in our sole discretion, and without any liability to you.
Accessing any Account aside from your own is prohibited no matter the situation, and it is your responsibility to ensure that your Account is secure, as we offer email verification and two-factor authentication to protect your Account.
Trading, lending, or giving your Account to other users is not allowed under any circumstances.
If you believe your Account or any confidential credentials have been compromised, you agree to notify us immediately, and that we are not liable for any loss or damage related to unauthorised use of your credentials.
Any violation of these Terms or the Community Guidelines (set out below) will automatically relinquish your permission to use your Account and the Service.
We may suspend or terminate your Account or your access to any Service we may provide.
We are not accountable whatsoever regarding any suspension or termination of your access to the Service or the Site.
You can request for your Account to be terminated by emailing help@brick-hill.com. User-Generated Content Through our Service you and other users may create, modify, publish, or otherwise provide data, texts, images, or other materials to or for the Service, (referred to as “user-generated content”, or “Your Content”).
Your Content encompasses all types of content on the Site, including all digital assets for avatars (such as digital clothing and accessories), and any artwork, text, reviews, scripts, images, audio, names, and logos that may appear throughout the Services, as well as any other works, items, or content.
By accepting these Terms, you are also agreeing to grant us a non-exclusive license to use whatever user-generated content you create using the Service, and we are bound by no restrictions concerning how we use Your Content.
By uploading Your Content to the Service you affirm that you are the original creator and you exclusively own the rights to such works.
All of Your Content is your sole and complete responsibility and we are not liable for any materials that you may upload or publish to the Service.
We do not provide any guarantee of accuracy, quality, or integrity of any User Content published and you acknowledge and accept that you may be exposed to content materials that you find offensive or questionable.
We reserve the right to modify or delete any of Your Content without providing notice or any reason.
If you believe any content is violating these terms, you may notify us by reporting such content. Virtual Currencies and Virtual Goods Our service includes the use of virtual currency (referred to as “Bits” or “Bucks”, collectively as “Bucks”), which is used to obtain virtual goods and may only be used exclusively with the Services permitted by us.
While you may be required to purchase Bucks through the service, they do not have an equivalent value in real currency, nor do they act as a substitute for real currency and as such they cannot be used for this purpose.
Bucks are not redeemable or exchangeable outside of the Service, and transactions for virtual items or virtual services (collectively “Virtual Goods”) on the Service that use Bucks as a virtual currency are not legally enforceable.
Purchasing, selling, or exchanging Bucks outside of the Service is a violation of these Terms and may result in the termination of your Account.
Virtual currency and Virtual Goods are governed solely by us and we retain the right to control, modify, or manage virtual currency and/or virtual goods at our sole discretion.
Because of this, you acknowledge that changes that we make may impact the perceived value or acquired price of such virtual currency or Virtual Goods, and that these changes may occur at any time.
We reserve the absolute right to manage, modify, limit, suspend, and/or revoke the use of virtual currency and Virtual Goods and how they may be acquired, earned, or redeemed without notice, refund, compensation, or liability to you, except as otherwise prohibited by applicable law. User Privacy We respect the privacy of our users, and request that all who choose to use our site refer to our Privacy Policy which details how we collect, use and disclose information regarding privacy.
When signing up to or accessing brick-hill.com or any subdomain of it, you confirm your agreement to our Privacy Policy.
This policy may be updated at any time by members of our staff. Assets and Property All content hosted on the Brick Hill website and it services are copyrighted by Brick Hill (unless otherwise specified) and may not be reused, redistributed, or resold.
Upon registering to Brick Hill, your account and all content and assets belonging to the account are owned by Brick Hill.
We reserve the right to manipulate or alter your account as we see necessary.
If your account has not been accessed in over 12 months, we may exercize our right to control your account.
You agree that by using our service and uploading content of whatever form, you are granting us a non-exclusive license to use whatever you publish to the Brick Hill website and its services however we wish.
If any content hosted on Brick Hill violates any patents or trademarks, please email help@brick-hill.com to have it removed.
Further detail below.
 User Conduct and Community Guidelines 1.
User Conduct
The Brick Hill website is a free service, and as such registration and site features are non-restricted.
Upon registering an account on Brick Hill, a personal account will be created under the given username and can be accessed using the given password. You agree to report any unauthorised access or use of your account to brick-hill.com.
Brick Hill is not responsible for any damages, liabilities or losses caused by any unauthorized access of your account.
2.
Community Guidelines
Our staff at Brick Hill work hard to provide an enjoyable and safe environment to all of our users.
In doing so, we require that all users, upon registering, agree to abide by our rules completely.

Below includes (all further use of “includes”, “including”, or “include” will imply that it is “including, but is not limited to”) a list that our users must abide by or otherwise face punishment or account suspension determined by our staff members.
Note that if your account has received a permanent suspension or IP ban (“superban”), then you, as a user, will no longer be welcome on Brick Hill and we reserve the right to terminate any further accounts created by you regardless of the circumstances.

You may not register an account on Brick Hill with, or purchase a username change to, an inappropriate username.
This includes any swear words, vulgar slang or relating to sexual activity.
You may not use any excessive inappropriate language on Brick Hill.
Use of profanity is considered a privilege on Brick Hill, and you will be punished if this privilege is exploited.
Posting, referencing, or sharing any inappropriate or malicious links, media, or reference is not tolerated on Brick Hill.
Harassing or verbally attacking other users is not tolerated.
This includes hatred, racism, sexism, prejudice, and other vulgar remarks.

Do not execute any nature of activity that will give you an unfair advantage over other users.
We reserve the right to determine what activity falls under this.
“Coin-Farming” and “Alt-Hoarding” is strictly prohibited.
When referring to coin-farming, we are conveying the act of using other accounts under your control that move their virtual currency to one (or multiple) main accounts, for the purpose generating a fraudulent income.
Alt-hoarding refers to using alternative accounts under your control to purchase multiple “Special” or “Special Edition” items.

You may not post any content that may be considered spam.
This includes posting threads with no meaning/little content and recreating existing threads or ones that a staff member has removed.
This also includes posting false reports.
Trading, selling, or any offsite activities are strictly prohibited and any accounts associated with such activities may be terminated.
We will not be held responsible for any items, data, or user accounts lost or compromised due to offsite activities.

You, the user, are responsible for your own site experience.
Do not impersonate other users, and report any content that you find offensive or that which directly abuses these Terms.

All Brick Hill assets, accounts and features are limited to brick-hill.com.
Any attempt to sell, lend or gift these virtual assets will result in suspension of the user in question.
Brick Hill is not responsible for any purchases outside of the platforms we offer.
You can request for your account to be deleted (having all public information removed) by emailing help@brick-hill.com.
Please note that after this action has been taken, it cannot be reversed.

Do not use a form of payment without permission from the owner of said payment method.
If an unauthorized purchase was made from your account, please email help@brick-hill.com
Accessing any account aside from your own is prohibited no matter the situation.
Trading, lending, or giving your account to other users is not allowed under any circumstances, and any accounts associated will be terminated.
Each forum board may contain different rules (as well as these Terms and the site guidelines) in the form of a pinned thread.
Breaking said rules can result in account suspension.
The following content is strictly prohibited across all boards:

Hate, bullying or prejudice.
Sexually explicit content or material.
Use of illegal substances or alcohol.
Publishing private information.
All offsite links must adhere to the ToS.

Although we value your opinions, we believe there are limits and everyone has the right to stay safe and enjoy Brick Hill.
Our staff reserve the right to remove any content uploaded by users for any reason.
Our staff are exempt from these rules as their actions are reviewed regularly by higher authority.
Our staff reserve the right to terminate or suspend any account on brick-hill.com for any reason. Payments All payments made to Brick Hill are used solely for the development of Brick Hill and any excess fees required to host brick-hill.com and its features, and hence will be regarded as donations.
When donating, you agree that you are not purchasing or subscribing to a product or content from us and that all gifts are purely virtual.
All payments made to Brick Hill are final.
Refunds will only be given in our sole and absolute discretion except as required by applicable law.
If an unauthorized payment was made on your brick-hill.com account, you must contact help@brick-hill.com as soon as possible.
Brick Hill reserves the right to terminate all accounts related to unauthorized payments.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, claims against Brick Hill related to payments must be submitted within 45 days after the charge was made.
All refunds and donations are made in USD (U.S.
Dollars).
If your account is suspended or terminated, you will be offered no refunds to previously made donations.
In the event of brick-hill.com becoming no longer accessible, no full refunds will be made.
Memberships or virtual assets provided in return for your donation are gifts, and hence cannot be regarded as a product bought or sold.
If any fraudulent, falsified, or invalid purchases be made (or attempted) by any user, we may revoke any services provided by Brick Hill from said user.
Users are responsible for their own purchases, and hence should contact help@brick-hill.com if any issues arise. Intellectual Property Brick Hill respects the rights of others and we expect the same of our community.
brick-hill.com
complies with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, hence if your work has been uploaded without your permission, please submit a request to
help@brick-hill.com.

When writing to us, please include the following:

Contact information (email, phone number, address).
Evidence of the item on your website.
Link to the asset uploaded to our website.
A statement written by you, the complainant, that you have reasonable suspicion that the disputed asset is not authorized by the intellectual property owner, agent, or law.
A statement written by you, the complainant, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your submission is accurate and that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the asset involved.

We will endeavour to contact you as soon as possible. Severability If a portion of these Terms are deemed invalid, illegal, or incapable of being enforced, the remaining parts of these Terms will remain in full force and effect, and the unenforceable part will be followed as closely as intended as possible (or it will be severed from these Terms if it cannot legally be given any effect). Last Updated: 10th June, 2020 © 2020 Brick Hill.
All rights reserved.
Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Staff 
      