

 Play 
 Shop 
 Clans 
 Users 
 Forum 
 Membership 
 Login
Register Privacy Policy General This privacy policy regards the website brick-hill.com and all associated subdomains.
Any questions regarding this policy may be directed to help@brick-hill.com.
Staff reserve the right to change or adapt this policy at any time for any reason.
We care for your privacy.
if you question our practices, please email help@brick-hill.com. Requested Information Users may view our content anonymously as a guest, though may be restricted from some features.
This is due to the lack of control we have over moderating an anonymous account.
We do not share any information with third-parties for non statistical purposes.
It is required that users choose a safe password that is not easy to guess or crack.
As well as this, all passwords are stored in an encrypted form and cannot be accessed by anyone.
Upon signing up to Brick Hill, we require you supply a valid email address.
This both verifies your account and enables more user security. Stored Information Non-personally identifiable information is automatically collected when visiting brick-hill.com.
Brick Hill may use scripts, cookies and other methods for monitering activity on our website in order to better administrate and control certain actions.
Your IP address, browser type and date/time may be stored, though do not obtain any personally indentifiable information.
All passwords are encrypted, and hence the original password cannot be retrieved by any parties.
Brick Hill will not attempt to obtain your location through a device or application.
If your location is ever requested, it will not be shared with third-parties and would be optional.
For security purposes, all actions performed by users are logged and may be used for support.
These logs may consist of your IP address, requested pages, browser type, date/time, and operating system. Shared Information Brick Hill will only share personal information in ways specified in this privacy policy.
we do not sell any personal information to third-party companies.
Brick Hill reserves the right to share personally identifiable information required by law to protect the rights of our website or to comply with a court order.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, Brick Hill may also share personally identifiable information with law enforcement or other agencies if the concealment of such material may risk the safety of both the party involved or our website. Updating Information You may change or request the removal of any personally identifiable information stored by Brick Hill either on your account settings page or by emailing help@brick-hill.com
Brick Hill will hold all information associated with your account for as long as it is required in providing you our services.
Your information will be used to settle disputes when needed for legal obligations and to enforce our policies. Effective Date: 11/04/2017
Last Updated: 11/04/2017 © 2020 Brick Hill.
All rights reserved.
Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Staff 
      