
         Terms and Conditions The Bright Cellars Experience  The Bright Cellars Experience is a monthly wine subscription that matches you with unique wines based on your preferences.
Once per month, you will automatically receive new wines chosen specifically for you! Members are able to make adjustments to their account any time before their next shipment processes by contacting our Wine Concierge team at 1-844-223-5527 or contact us here.
We always try our best to get back to our members within 24 business hours.
If you don’t hear back from us immediately, don’t fear - your requests are time stamped and we will respond as quickly as possible!  Undeliverable Packages  If you happen to miss all three delivery attempts, UPS &amp.
FedEx will return your order to Bright Cellars.
UPS &amp.
FedEx will charge Bright Cellars a return shipping fee in addition to the original shipping costs.
Because of this, packages that are returned to Bright Cellars as “undeliverable” are eligible for a partial refund upon request.
Your refund total will include the cost of your order minus $25 to cover the returned shipment fee.
 Canceling In-Transit Orders  To cancel an order for a full refund, please contact us within 24 hours from the time your order receipt is delivered - we honor the timestamp of your request and are happy to accommodate your needs.

 Once an order is in transit, UPS &amp.
FedEx will charge Bright Cellars a return shipping fee in addition to the original shipping costs in the event of a cancellation.
Packages that are canceled more than 24 hours after processing, may no longer be eligible for a full refund.
Once the order is submitted to our fulfillment center for packing and shipping, order cancellation will result in a partial refund upon request, once the order is returned to us.
Your refund total will include the cost of your order minus $25 to cover the returned shipment fee.

 If you request to cancel your order in transit, it is possible that delivery attempts will still be made.
In that case, please be sure to refuse the package with the carrier so that it returns to us.
We can only process your partial refund, minus the $25 return fee, if the package is returned by the carrier to Bright Cellars.
If the package is accepted upon delivery, it is no longer eligible for a refund.
 Coupons, Discounts, and Multiple Accounts  Our mission at Bright Cellars is to make wine accessible and fun, particularly if you’re just starting out in the wine world.
To help support this mission, introductory discounts are occasionally offered on the first order of a new subscription.
Each new member is eligible for one introductory discount.
Maintaining multiple accounts to continue receiving introductory discounts is strictly prohibited.
Bright Cellars reserves the right to cancel any orders/accounts due to suspicious activity.

 Discounts are offered at the discretion of Bright Cellars.
Any discounts or coupons are non-transferrable, may not be bartered or sold, may not be used in conjunction with any other offers or used more than once, and are not applicable to successive accounts if a member signs up for multiple subscriptions.
Discounts or coupons are not applicable to gift subscriptions.
Discounts are applicable to the first order of wine subscriptions.
Additional add-ons or upgrades such as the Mystery Bottle are purchased after sign up and are not eligible for this discount.
 Referral Rewards  Effective for referrals after August 17, 2016  Cheers to you for sharing Bright Cellars with fellow wine lovers! We have some exciting news.
We’ve officially launched our Member Rewards Program and are so excited to offer a variety of reward options.
After hearing your feedback, active members will now be rewarded in points for referrals, rather than bonus bottles.
This allows you to have full control over the redemption of your rewards points! Of course, points may still be redeemed for bonus bottles, or you may choose to save your points and redeem them for the item of your choice.
For more information on the Bright Cellars Member Rewards Program, please see content below.
 Shipping Conditions  Unfortunately, severe weather conditions can impact the delivery date of your order (tragic, we know!).
We do our best to only deliver wine of the highest quality, so we may hold our trucks if the forecast predicts that your wine may get too hot or too cold while in transit.
Since the shipments require a signature, there's no need to worry about your wine sitting out in the sun or freezing temps! Just make sure you store your wine at room temperature or refrigerate upon delivery.
If you have any questions about weather delays, please contact the Concierge Team!  Gift Card Policy  All gift card purchases are final sale and may not be returned for credit or refund.
If your gift card recipient lives in a state we are unable to ship to*, you may either give the gift card to a recipient who lives in a deliverable state or redeem the gift card for personal use (our favorite option).
Gift codes/cards purchased from third-party sellers will not be honored.

 Effective November 18th, 2019  Gift pricing reflects the total dollar amount required to process a 6-bottle wine subscription (1-12 months).
Additional fees cover the cost of shipping and taxes, so that the gift recipient will not owe any additional costs to receive their personalized wine gift.

 *Gift cards are not available for purchase if the recipient’s shipping address is in one of the following states: Alaska, Delaware, Hawaii, Michigan, Mississippi, and Utah.
Additionally, gift card purchase availability is subject to the same local law and regulation restrictions as our subscription service.
Please contact us if you have a question about shipping.
 Member Rewards Program  Let’s talk rewards! Bright Cellars members may be eligible to receive and redeem points earned from various activities related to their account.
Points are awarded by Bright Cellars and are redeemable for items specified on our Member Rewards page.
Keep in mind, the points are non-transferrable, may not be bartered or sold, may not be pooled with points of other individuals and may not be used in conjunction with any other offers.
The point values of rewardable actions, or the point values of redeemable rewards, may change at any time.
Items purchased by point redemption may not be returned or refunded, with the exception of damaged or defective products. That’s a lot to take in, so feel free to reach out with any questions you may have.
The Concierge Team is always happy to help! 
 Due to a change in our Rewards program, all referrals made before August 17, 2016 and all accounts with outstanding earned bonus bottles prior to the date stated above, will automatically be rewarded those bonus bottles in their next shipment.
All rewardable actions performed after the date stated above will automatically result in accumulation.

 For example, a referral made before August 17, 2016 will result in a bonus bottle in your next shipment! A referral made after August 17, 2016 will result in a 1000 point credit to your Member Rewards account.
These points can then be immediately redeemed for a bonus bottle in your next shipment, or saved for redemption at a later time.
Have questions? Let us know!  Delight Guarantee  We are sorry to hear that you were not pleased with your shipment! Our Concierge team is here to help make it right and improve your matches.
In the event you are not satisfied with a bottle in your subscription order, please reach out to the Concierge team.
We would be more than happy to add one bonus bottle to your next shipment that is specifically curated to you to make up for anything that you might have found unsatisfactory.
 Refunds and Returns  We are sorry to hear about your dissatisfaction with your Bright Cellars Experience! Please feel free to contact the Concierge Team at anytime.
Members of the team are ready to chat Monday through Friday between 9:00am CT and 5:00pm CT.
If you reach out outside of these hours, your emails will be addressed during business hours on a first come, first served basis.
While most items are not refundable, if you received a damaged or defective product, we may refund at our discretion if we are notified within 30 days of the order date.
Please be aware that gift card purchases are non-refundable.

 If your package has been marked as delivered, the Concierge Team is no longer able to make any changes to the order.
Any delivered packages are not eligible for returns.
To avoid this, look out for your order receipt each month! You have 24 hours from the time your monthly order is processed to cancel the shipment or make any changes to your account.
 SMS Communications  When you opt-in to our SMS service, Bright Cellars will send you a text message to confirm your signup.

 Message frequency varies.
By signing up, you agree to receive marketing text messages from Bright Cellars.
Message and data rates may apply for any messages that we send to you or that you send to us, depending on the text plan and/or data plan you have with your wireless provider.
If you have any questions about your text plan or data plan, contact your wireless service provider.
Your privacy will be protected and your information will not be shared.
If you have any questions regarding privacy, please read our privacy policy: https://www.brightcellars.com/privacy/ 
 You can cancel our SMS service at any time.
Just text "STOP" to 84410.
After you send the text message "STOP" to us, we will send you a text message to confirm that you have been unsubscribed.
After this, you will no longer receive text messages from our SMS service.

 If you want to join our SMS service again, just text "JOIN" to 84410.
Bright Cellars will start sending text messages to you again.

 If at any time you forget what keywords are supported by our SMS service, just text "HELP" to 84410.
After you send the text message "HELP" to us, you will receive a text with instructions on how to use our SMS service as well as how to unsubscribe.

 Bright Cellars is able to deliver messages to the following major mobile phone carriers: AT&T, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, T-Mobile, MetroPCS, U.S.
Cellular, Alltel, Boost Mobile, Nextel, and Virgin Mobile.

 Bright Cellars is able to deliver messages to the following minor mobile carriers: Alaska Communications Systems (ACS), Appalachian Wireless (EKN), Bluegrass Cellular, Cellular One of East Central IL (ECIT), Cellular One of Northeast Pennsylvania, Cincinnati Bell Wireless, Cricket, Coral Wireless (Mobi PCS), COX, Cross, Element Mobile (Flat Wireless), Epic Touch (Elkhart Telephone), GCI, Golden State, Hawkeye (Chat Mobility), Hawkeye (NW Missouri), Illinois Valley Cellular, Inland Cellular, iWireless (Iowa Wireless), Keystone Wireless (Immix Wireless/PC Man), Mosaic (Consolidated or CTC Telecom), Nex-Tech Wireless, NTelos, Panhandle Communications, Pioneer, Plateau (Texas RSA 3 Ltd), Revol, RINA, Simmetry (TMP Corporation), Thumb Cellular, Union Wireless, United Wireless, Viaero Wireless, and West Central (WCC or 5 Star Wireless).

***Carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages*** Changes to Terms and Conditions  We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove any portion of the Terms and Conditions, in whole or in part, at any time.
Changes in the Terms and Conditions will be effective when posted.
Your continued use of the Web Site and/or the services made available on or through the Website after any changes to the Terms and Conditions are posted will be considered acceptance of those changes.

