
        
BudgetPulse Privacy Policy
Your private personal information is very important to you, and we take full measures here at iSquare Inc.
to make sure that it is secured on BudgetPulse.
Please read the following Privacy Policy to learn more about the security of your information.
By reading this policy and using BudgetPulse, you have accepted the terms below.
PRIVACY NOT FOR SALE
We will not in any way sell or rent out your personal information to anyone.
ANONYMOUS REGISTRATION
BudgetPulse does not and will not sync with banks or personal credit card accounts.
Therefore, any information or e-mail address you supply for registration remains strictly anonymous.
INFORMATION WE WILL COLLECT
Many areas of BudgetPulse do not require any type of information to be collected to view the content and information on the site as well as the blog.
In order to have the full use of the functionality of the personal budgeting software, you will be required to submit a valid e-mail address and a password which you choose.
BudgetPulse employees are the only people who will have access to your login information, and only on an as-needed bases to help operate and fix the Service when necessary.
Other personal identity information that may be asked for in a users profile is strictly optional including such information as first and last name.
Location, time zone, currency, and currency format are options a user can select which will better help the Service fulfill its functional needs for the user, but these are not required either.
A valid e-mail address is required by BudgetPulse for the following services:

Registration for the BudgetPulse service
Registration for any BudgetPulse newsletter
Participate in any forums that BudgetPulse may set up

YOUR INFORMATION IS SECURE AND ANONYMOUS
We at BudgetPulse will never rent or sell any of your information.
It may be used by us in a few situations or upon your request.
We use your e-mail information to determine how much the Site is used and to make improvements upon the software.
We may send e-mail notifications about Site updates and improvements or to communicate necessary information about the Site to our users.
We may further use your e-mail address when necessary to help with issues you may be having.
For market research and strategic planning and to enforce the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, we may need to communicate with you through your e-mail address.
CHANGING REGISTRATION INFORMATION
The user can change their login and password at any time they like.
To accomplish this action, select Your Profile and you have the ability to change your access password.
If you would like to change your login ID (your e-mail address), please feel free to contact us at support@budgetpulse.com so we can take care of your request.
DISCLOSURE
We do not disclose any of member's information except under special circumstances, such as complying with legal or statutory requirements, or if BudgetPulse believes that a member's account is being used to commit unlawful acts.
SECURITY
BudgetPulse does not take any personal identifying bank and credit card account information as our Service does not sync with financial institutions.
Data is inserted manually into the Site.
To ensure the safety of your data, communications on the site are encrypted with Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology.
This is a high-powered security measure we have taken to protect you and your data.
To ensure SSL is enabled on your computer, you will see the URL prefix "HTTPS" in your browser.
COOKIES
Cookies are small pieces of text files that are stored on your computer by a web browser when you visit a site.
We use cookies to improve our Site and to help make it easier to use.
A lot of browsers automatically accept cookies unless you change your browser settings.
BudgetPulse may access cookies on your computer to track anonymous information about you that may be used to analyze Site usage to help improve the Service.
DELETION OF ACCOUNT INFORMATION AND CONTENT
The data that you input into the Service is yours.
You are free to add, edit, and delete content that you submit to your account any time.
You have the ability to export your account data to your own computer.
You may request to remove any data or to have your account deleted from the system at anytime.
The data will be removed from the server and it will not be possible to access the account further.
If you would like to have your account deleted, please contact us via e-mail at support@budgetpulse.com.
BLOGS AND FORUM
You are aware that any comments, links, pictures, or information that you may leave on the blog or forum can be viewed, read, collected, and used by other members of the blog or forum.
We are not responsible for any personal information you may leave on the blog or forum.
MODIFICATIONS TO THIS PRIVATE POLICY
We may modify the content to this Private Policy and have the right to change it at anytime.
The new updated Private Policy will take into affect right away and by accessing BudgetPulse, you agree to adhere by the changes made.
Please review this Private Policy for updates.
CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions, concerns, or suggestions about this Private Policy, please contact us via e-mail at support@budgetpulse.com.
