
        
Acceptable Use Policy  This acceptable use policy sets out the terms between you and us under which you may access our website at  www.bullionbypost.co.uk  or use our helpline (  our facilities  ).
This acceptable use policy applies to all users of, and visitors to, our facilities.

 Your use of our facilities means that you accept, and agree to abide by, all the policies in this acceptable use policy.



www.bullionbypost.co.uk
 is a site operated by Jewellery Quarter Bullion Limited trading as BullionByPost® (

we

or

us
 ).
We are a company limited by shares, registered in England and Wales under company number 6758398, and we have our registered office and main trading address at Floor 16, Centre City Tower, 7 Hill Street, Birmingham B5 4UA.
Our VAT number is 941 5123 47.

 .



Our copyright and similar rights


 As between us and persons who visit or use our facilities, all content stored or used on or by the facilities (including computer programs, code and scripts), and content published or transmitted by us on or via our facilities at any time, and all associated databases and their content, all belong to Jewellery Quarter Bullion Limited unless authored by you.
Our rights include copyright, performance right and database right.
We reserve all rights.

 The name “BullionByPost” is a registered trade mark owned by us.
You may not use it without our prior written permission.



Prohibited uses


 You may use our facilities only for lawful purposes.
You may not use our facilities: 


 In any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation.



 In any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect.



 For the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way.



 To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with our content standards set out below.



 To transmit any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam), or request or knowingly facilitate such a transmission.



 To knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other computer programs, code, script or method designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.





You also agree:




 Not to reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of our website except that you may print or save a copy of your order and our terms and conditions for your personal and private domestic records.



 Not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt any part of our website, any equipment or network on which our website is stored, any software used in the provision of our website, or any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.



 .



Security


 It is your responsibility to ensure that your account details for using our facilities are kept private and secure, and are not available to any other person.
If another person (including any minor) is able to access your account on our facilities, you will be responsible for their conduct.

 .



Minors


 We do not offer our goods or services to minors.

 We will do our best to detect the use of our facilities by minors.
However, we are under no obligation to oversee, monitor, or moderate any service we provide via our facilities.
We expressly exclude our liability for any loss or damage arising from the use of any service by a minor.

 .



Content standards


 These content standards apply to any and all material which you submit to or via our facilities ( 
contributions
 ), and to any associated services, correspondence, meetings or publications.

 You must comply with the spirit of the following standards as well as the letter.
The standards apply to each part of any contribution as well as to its whole.



Contributions must:




 Be accurate (where they state facts).



 Be genuinely held (where they state opinions).



 Comply with applicable law in the UK and in any country from which they are posted.




 Contributions must not: 




 Contain any material which is defamatory of any person.



 Contain any material which is obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory.



 Promote sexually explicit material.



 Promote violence.



 Promote discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age.



 Infringe any copyright, database right or trade mark of any other person, including us.



 Be likely to deceive any person.



 Be made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence.



 Promote any illegal activity.



 Be threatening, abuse or invade another’s privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety.



 Be likely to harass, upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any person.



 Be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person.



 Give the impression that they emanate from us, if this is not the case.



 Advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act such as (by way of example only) copyright infringement or computer misuse.



 .



Suspension and termination


 We will decide, in our discretion, whether there has been a breach of this acceptable use policy through your use of our facilities.
When a breach of this policy has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate.

 Failure to comply with this acceptable use policy constitutes a material breach of our
 Terms and Conditions  upon which you are permitted to use our facilities, and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions: 


 Immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our facilities.



 Immediate, temporary or permanent removal of any posting or material transmitted, uploaded or submitted by you to or via our facilities.



 Issue of a warning to you.



 Legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach.



 Further legal action against you.



 Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary.



 We exclude liability for actions taken in response to breaches of this acceptable use policy or our Terms and Conditions.
The responses described in this policy are not limited, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.

 .



Changes to the acceptable use policy


 We may revise this acceptable use policy at any time by amending this page.
You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are legally binding on you.
Some of the provisions contained in this acceptable use policy may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our website.

