
         Burning Man Privacy Policy WHAT THIS POLICY COVERS
This policy covers personal information that Burning Man Project receives when you use the burningman.org website and affiliated webpages (collectively, “our Site”).
“Personal information” is information that can be linked to you as an individual, such as your name, address, email address, or phone number.
By visiting our Site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy.
If you are under 16, you must ask your parent or guardian for their permission before sending any information to us or asking us to email you, and by visiting our Site and/or sending any information to us, you are confirming that your parent or guardian has consented to you doing so.
This privacy policy is intended to give you information about:

The personal information that is collected or processed when you use our Site;
How your personal information is used and protected;
Your rights to your personal information.
and
How to contact us to exercise your rights regarding your personal information.

INFORMATION YOU KNOWINGLY GIVE TO US
We receive and may store any personal information you actively send us or enter on our Site.
You provide such information when you interact with our Site in a number of different ways, including without limitation:

Create a Burner Profile;
Contribute to the ePlaya online community, image Galleries, Spark connection tool, Rideshare board, Playa Events calendar, or other public areas of our Site;
Submit an online questionnaire, application, or other form;
Sign up for our newsletters or other mailing lists;
Post comments on the Burning Man Journal;
Send us emails;
Make online donations to Burning Man Project;
Register for ticket sales or events;
Purchase tickets to Burning Man events or other items via our Site.
or
Make Burner Express bookings.

Certain information you provide to us, such as your Black Rock City Census responses, is only compiled statistically and not recorded in a personally identifiable way.
INFORMATION THAT IS AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED BY OUR SYSTEM
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us through our Site.
We use a cookie to identify your session and to synchronize your responses to one form with other relevant forms.
You can configure your browser to reject cookies, but if you do so, you might not be able to experience all the interactive features of our Site.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about the use of our Site.
Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit our Site, what pages they visit, and what other sites they used prior to coming to our Site.
We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to maintain and improve our Site’s technical performance.
Google Analytics collects the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit our Site, rather than your name or other identifying information.
We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information.
Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to our Site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of service, available at http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html, and the Google Privacy Policy, available at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to our Site by disabling cookies in your browser.
WHAT WE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use the personal information that we receive to operate our Site, to produce Burning Man events, and for other projects in support of our mission.
Your personal information may be stored on our systems and shared among Burning Man Project’s subsidiaries and affiliates, including without limitation Black Rock City LLC and the Black Rock Arts Foundation.
We do not rent or sell your personal information to any other entity.
We do not share your personal information with any other entity, except when:

We have your permission;
We must respond to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
We must exercise our legal rights, protect our property, defend against legal claims, or otherwise comply with the law.
or
We believe it is appropriate in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected illegal activities, fraud, threats to personal safety, or violation of our Site’s terms of use.

Donations, ticket orders, and purchases made via our Site are processed in collaboration with independent service providers, and the use of information you provide in connection with these transactions is also governed by the privacy policies of those providers.
Burning Man Project and/or our affiliates may at times contact you at your email address to keep you informed about events and other Burning Man-related opportunities.
Should you not wish to receive such communications, you may opt out by following the instructions in the communication.
If Burning Man Project is acquired or transferred, or changes entity status, the personal information maintained on our systems will be among the transferred assets but will remain subject to the Burning Man Project privacy policy in existence at the time of the acquisition or transfer.
You can contact us at the address provided below to request access to the personal information in your Burner Profile and other accounts you register on our Site.
You can edit personal information in your Burner Profile by logging in and manually editing your account.
You can also delete your Burner Profile and other accounts you register on our Site, either directly within the accounts or by sending a message through the “Contact Us” link on our Site (https://burningman.org/network/about-us/contact/) that specifies the account or other data that you would like deleted.
For technical reasons, the information that you have voluntarily shared in public submissions to our Site may remain visible to users of our Site even after the deletion of the associated account.
CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY
The only people who have access to personal information collected on our Site, either directly or through the use of Google Analytics, have a need to know this information and are bound by nondisclosure agreements and this privacy policy.
We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in place to protect the personal information that we collect and store.
You understand, however, that whenever you submit expressive content to certain areas of our Site — such as the Galleries, ePlaya, Playa Events calendar, theme camp and art project listings, and Burning Man Journal — your submission will be made public on the Site.
We are not responsible for the use of any personal information that you or others choose to post publicly.
You may be identified as the author of any posted expressive content unless you instruct us otherwise.
We will identify your public submissions to our Site by the handle you register and will not disseminate any other registration information without your authorization.
If you contact other users of our Site by email, your personal information may be included in the header, as with any email.
In general, we cannot guarantee your anonymity whenever you interact with our Site.
Please note that our Site may contain links to third-party websites.
These third-party websites may send their own cookies to collect data and solicit personal information.
Therefore, we cannot guarantee your privacy when visiting such third-party sites, nor the accuracy or acceptability of any services provided by such third parties.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this policy from time to time.
When any significant changes are made to this policy, we will post a notification in a prominent place on this website so that you may be made aware of the changes.
This notification will appear the first time you log on to this website following a significant change in this policy.
CONTACTING US
If you have questions about this privacy policy, please email privacy@burningman.org.
EFFECTIVE DATE
This policy is effective as of January 28, 2020.
