

The user agrees that by entering this website, the user will be automatically be governed by this privacy policy of THG Publishing Private Limited (THG PPL).

 THG PPL hosts several online publications including "The Hindu", "Business Line", "Sportstar", "Frontline", etc., which can be accessed through The Hindu Group's main website.
This privacy policy is applicable to all of THG PPL's "Online Publications".


User agrees that usage/browsing of the "Online Publications" may lead to the user's device information, visits to and use of this website (including [IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views, website navigation, pixel tag, etc [hereinafter to be referred to as "information"] being accessible to THG PPL and/or third party.

A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on the user's computer's hard drive.
Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving cookies from the "Online Publications" on the user's computer's hard drive the user should take necessary steps within the user's web browsers security settings to block all cookies from the "Online Publications".

Traffic log cookies may be used to identify which pages are being seen/ used to analyse data about web page traffic.
THG PPL only uses this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from THG PPL's system.

Overall, cookies are made to provide the user with a better website, by enabling THG PPL to monitor which pages the user finds useful and which the user does not.
A cookie in no way gives access to the user's computer or any information about the user, other than the data the user chooses to share.

Our website may contain links to enable the user to visit other websites of interest like the social plug-ins [viz.
Facebook, Google Plus, Pinit etc].
However, once the user shares/ uses these links THG PPL does not have any control over other websites.
Therefore THG PPL cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which the user provides whilst visiting such sites.
Such sites are not governed by this privacy policy.
The user should exercise caution and look at the privacy policy applicable to the website in question.

User is advised to use social media and other platforms wisely and with due care and caution with regard to user's own privacy and personal details.
THG PPL may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the platform in question.
User is advised before using such social sharing buttons that user does so at user's own discretion.
Social media and other platforms may track and save user's request to share a web page respectively through user's social media platform and other accounts.
User is invited to submit user comments, questions, ideas, reviews or any other information concerning THG PPL and the website's contents, provided user understands that such comments will be subject to moderation.
THG PPL reserves the right to remove or edit such content.
All such submissions should not be illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory or infringing on privacy or on intellectual property rights of others.

In the event of any grievances user can contact the grievance officer at web.businessline@thehindu.co.in or write to us at the following address
 THG Publishing Private Limited
No.
859&860 Anna Salai,
Chennai-600002
India

THG PPL may change this policy from time to time by updating this page.
You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are aware of the applicable privacy policy.

