
         Log in Sign up Welcome back.
Google Facebook Apple Twitter Or login with email 
 We just sent you a temporary login code.
please check your inbox.
Continue with email Resend email , Forgot password? If an account with that email address exists, you will receive a link to reset your password.
Privacy Policy
Buy Me a Coffee is a platform for creators to accept support from their audience and share exclusive content.
At Buy Me a Coffee, your privacy is important to us, and we want you to feel confident that your personal information is secure when using our products and our platform.
The services are provided by Publisherr Inc (parent company and hereinafter referred to as “Buy Me a Coffee”), a Delaware company with registered address at 2035 Sunset Lake Road, Suite B-2 Newark, DE 19702, USA.
It is Buy Me a Coffee’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Buy Me a Coffee collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request.
Buy Me a Coffee's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Buy Me a Coffee's visitors use its website.
From time to time, Buy Me a Coffee may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Buy Me a Coffee also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users making payments on BuyMeACoffee.com.
Buy Me a Coffee only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that payee IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of Buy Me a Coffee and is handled by payment processors at the time of processing the payments.
 Payments
To make a payment to a creator on Buy Me a Coffee, you have to provide our payment processor (Stripe) with your payment information.
They provide us with a token that represents your account, your card’s expiration date, card type and the last four digits of your credit card.
If you provide them with a name and email address then they also provide us with that information.
We collect and process information about the creators you support, the level at which you support them, what rewards you receive and how often you support them. Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Buy Me a Coffee's websites choose to interact with Buy Me a Coffee in ways that require Buy Me a Coffee to gather personally-identifying information.
The amount and type of information that Buy Me a Coffee gathers depends on the nature of the interaction.
For example, we ask visitors who sign up at BuyMeACoffee.com to provide a username and email address.
Those who engage in transactions with Buy Me a Coffee are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions.
In each case, Buy Me a Coffee collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Buy Me a Coffee.
Buy Me a Coffee does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities. Aggregated Statistics
Buy Me a Coffee may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites.
Buy Me a Coffee may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Buy Me a Coffee does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Buy Me a Coffee discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Buy Me a Coffee's behalf or to provide services available at Buy Me a Coffee's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others.
Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country.
by using Buy Me a Coffee's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them.
Buy Me a Coffee will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone.
Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Buy Me a Coffee discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Buy Me a Coffee believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Buy Me a Coffee, third parties or the public at large.
If you are a registered user of an Buy Me a Coffee website and have supplied your email address, Buy Me a Coffee may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Buy Me a Coffee and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users.
Buy Me a Coffee takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information. Cookiesy
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns.
For more information, visit All About Cookies.
Buy Me a Coffee uses cookies to help Buy Me a Coffee identify and track visitors, their usage of Buy Me a Coffee website, and their website access preferences.
Some cookies expire after a certain amount of time, or upon logging out (session cookies), others remain on your computer or terminal device for a longer period (persistent cookies).
Our Site uses first party cookies (cookies set directly by Anchor) as well as third party cookies, as described below
Strictly Necessary Cookies: Used to provide Users with the Services available through our Site and to use some of their features, such as the ability to log-in and access to secure areas.
These cookies are served by Anchor and are essential for using and navigating the Site.
Without these cookies, basic functions of our Site would not work.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the Site and the Services, you cannot refuse them.
Analytics/Performance: Used to better understand the behavior of the Users on our Site and improve our Site accordingly, for example by making sure Users are finding what they need easily.
The Site uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc.
(“Google”).
The information collected by Google (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States (Google is certified to the Privacy Shield for data transfers).
How long a Google Analytics cookie remains on your computer or device depends on what it is and what it is used for.
Some Google Analytics cookies expire at the end of your browser session, whilst others can remain for up to two years.
You can prevent your data from being collected by Google Analytics on our Site by downloading and installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on for your current web browser.
For more information on Google Analytics privacy practices, read here.
Buy Me a Coffee visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Buy Me a Coffee's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Buy Me a Coffee's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies. Business Transfers
If Buy Me a Coffee, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Buy Me a Coffee goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party.
You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Buy Me a Coffee may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy. Ads
We do not run any external advertisements on Buy Me a Coffee.
However, we use ad networks such as Twitter Ads to collect retargeting information to compile information about our users.
This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Buy Me a Coffee and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. International Users
Buy Me a Coffee is based in the United States.
If you are accessing our Services from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that your Personal Data will be transmitted to our servers in the United States and the data may be transmitted to our service providers supporting our business operations (described above).
The United States may have data protection laws less stringent than or otherwise different from the laws in effect in the country in which you are located.
Where we transfer your Personal Data out of the EU we will take steps to ensure that your Personal Data receives an adequate level of protection where it is processed and your rights continue to be protected (GDPR).
By providing your information to the Services you agree to the transfer of your information to the United States and processing globally in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Buy Me a Coffee may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Buy Me a Coffee's sole discretion.
Buy Me a Coffee encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy.
If you have a BuyMeACoffee.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes.
Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change. Other Terms and Conditions
Your access to and use of the Buy Me a Coffee is subject to any additional terms applicable to such Services that may be posted on the Terms from time to time, including without limitation, Buy Me a Coffee’s Terms of Use available at https://www.buymeacoffee.com/terms.

By agreeing to our privacy policy you are also agreeing to the Google's privacy policy for the services which we use like Google Sign In, Recaptcha, Analytics, etc.
which can be found here: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US Contact Us
Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions about Buy Me a Coffee’s Privacy Policy or the information practices.
You may contact us as follows: You may send an email to support@buymeacoffee.com, or send mail to:
Publisherr Inc.
2035 Sunset Lake Road
Suite B-2 Newark
DE 19702, USA

 Chat with us

 Email support

 FAQ

 Feature requests

 Server status

 Twitter

 Discord


Resources: About, FAQ, Blog, Buttons &amp.
Widget

Mobile apps: iOS, Android
Contact: Chat with us, Email, Request a feature
Compare: Patreon, Ko-fi
Socials: Twitter, Instagram, Youtube
Buy Me a Coffee © 2021.
Privacy &amp.
Terms.
Every week, we talk to a creator about their creative journey, and how they make money from it.

