
         Terms of Service
Last updated: January 23, 2020
Welcome to the Interspace Technologies, Inc.
d.b.a.
Byte ("Byte", "we", or "us") website located at www.byte.co ("Site") and our mobile application ("App").
Please read these Terms of Service (the "Terms") and our Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") carefully because they govern your ("you") use of our Site, App, and our content accessible via our Site and App.
To make these Terms easier to read, the Site and our services and App are collectively called the "Services."
IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING ARBITRATION: WHEN YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS YOU ARE AGREEING (WITH LIMITED EXCEPTION) TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN YOU AND BYTE THROUGH BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION RATHER THAN IN COURT.
PLEASE REVIEW CAREFULLY SECTION 19 "DISPUTE RESOLUTION" BELOW FOR DETAILS REGARDING ARBITRATION (INCLUDING THE PROCEDURE TO OPT OUT OF ARBITRATION).


Agreement to Terms. By using our Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms.
If you don't agree to be bound by these Terms, do not use the Services.
If you are accessing and using the Services on behalf of a company (such as your employer) or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind that company or other legal entity to these Terms.
In that case, "you" and "your" will refer to that company or other legal entity.

Privacy Policy. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for information on how we collect, use and share your information.
You acknowledge and agree that your use of the Services is subject to our Privacy Policy.

Changes to these Terms or the Services. We may update the Terms from time to time in our sole discretion.
If we do, we'll let you know by posting the updated Terms on the Site and may also send other communications.
It's important that you review the Terms whenever we update them or you use the Services.
If you continue to use the Services after we have posted updated Terms it means that you accept and agree to the changes.
If you don't agree to be bound by the changes, you may not use the Services anymore.
The only exception is for changes to the "Dispute Resolution" section, for which you have followed the process in Section 19(f).
Because our Services are evolving over time we may change or discontinue all or any part of the Services, at any time and without notice, at our sole discretion.
We may add, remove, suspend or alter access to any content available through or on the Services from our Services at any time and make no guarantee as to the availability or minimum amount of specific content.


Who May Use the Services?


Eligibility. To use the Services, you must be at least 13 years of age and not otherwise barred from using the Services under applicable law.
By using the Services, you represent and warrant that you (or your parent or legal guardian, as required by applicable law if you are unable to form a binding contract) have reviewed and agreed to these Terms.

Registration and Your Information. If you want to use certain features of the Services you'll have to create an account ("Account").
You can do this via the Services or through your account with certain third-party services such as Facebook, Apple, Google or Twitter (each, an "SNS Account").
If you choose the SNS Account option we'll create your Account by extracting from your SNS Account certain personal information such as your name and email address and other personal information that your privacy settings on the SNS Account permit us to access.

Accuracy of Account Information. It's important that you provide us with accurate, complete and up-to-date information for your Account and you agree to update such information to keep it accurate, complete and up-to-date.
If you don't, we might have to suspend or terminate your Account.
You agree that you won't disclose your Account password to anyone and you'll notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your Account.
You're responsible for all activities that occur under your Account, including, without limitation, the posting of User Content (as defined below), and any communications or other contact you have with other users of the Services, whether or not you know about them.
We may take actions we deem reasonably necessary to prevent fraud and abuse, including placing restrictions on user accounts or on the amount of content that can be accessed from the Services at any one time.



Feedback. We welcome feedback, comments and suggestions for improvements to the Services ("Feedback").
You can submit Feedback by emailing us at hello@byte.co.
You grant to us a non-exclusive, transferable, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, fully-paid, royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense, under any and all intellectual property rights that you own or control to use, copy, modify, create derivative works based upon and otherwise exploit the Feedback for any purpose.

Content Ownership, Responsibility and Removal.


Definitions. For purposes of these Terms: (i) "Content" means text, graphics, images, music, software, audio, video, works of authorship of any kind, and information or other materials that are posted, generated, provided or otherwise made available through the Services.
and (ii) "User Content" means any Content that Account holders (including you) provide to be made available through the Services.
User Content also includes, without limitation, any communications or content that you share with another user of the Services such as comments on other users' User Content or direct messages between you and another user of the Services ("Communications").
Content includes without limitation User Content.

Our Content Ownership.
Except for any licensed rights granted under these Terms of Service, Byte does not claim any ownership rights in any User Content and nothing in these Terms will be deemed to restrict any rights that you may have to use and exploit your User Content.
Subject to the foregoing, Byte and its licensors exclusively own all right, title and interest in and to the Services and Content, including all associated intellectual property rights.
You acknowledge that the Services and Content are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of the United States and foreign countries.
You agree not to remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Services or Content.

Rights in User Content Granted by You. By making any User Content available through the Services you hereby grant to Byte and its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, licensee, successors, and assigns an irrevocable, non-exclusive, perpetual, transferable, worldwide, royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense, to use, copy, modify, create derivative works based upon, distribute, publicly display, and publicly perform your User Content in connection with marketing, promoting, operating and providing the Services and Content to you and to others and in connection with working with our brand partners and licensees.

Name, Likeness, Other Personal Rights. By submitting User Content, in which you may appear including, without limitation, your photograph, you hereby grant to Byte the unrestricted, unlimited, perpetual, worldwide to use your name, image, likeness, or other information or materials supplied by you including any third party materials as it appears in such User Content alone or as part of the User Content, in any medium now known or hereinafter developed in connection with the Services itself, and any advertising and promotion of the Services or Byte without payment of compensation to you and without seeking any further approval from you.

Your Responsibility for User Content. You are solely responsible for all your User Content.
You represent and warrant that you own all your User Content or you have all rights that are necessary to grant us the license rights in your User Content under these Terms.
You also represent and warrant that neither your User Content, nor your use and provision of your User Content to be made available through the Services, nor any use of your User Content by Byte on or through the Services, including, without limitation, in accordance with the rights granted to Byte in your User Content in Section 6(c) and Section 6(d) above, will infringe, misappropriate or violate a third party's intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or result in the violation of any applicable law or regulation.
You represent and warrant that all of your User Content and your activities in connection with the Services will, at all times, comply with (i) the Terms.
(ii) the Byte Community Guidelines.
(iii) all applicable laws, rules, and regulations.
and (iv) any other guidelines or requirements that we may make available to you from time to time.

Rights in Content Granted by Byte. Subject to your compliance with these Terms, Byte grants to you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license, with no right to sublicense, to download, view, copy, display and print the Content solely in connection with your permitted use of the Services and solely for your personal and non-commercial purposes.
We retain and reserve all rights to that content, including, without limitation, all rights in and to the Site, App, Services, and all features, trademarks, trade names, service marks, trade dress, and the look and feel of the Site, App, and Services.
Other than the right to use the Site, App, and Services as explicitly described in these Terms for your personal, limited use, no other rights are granted to you under these Terms.




Respecting Others' User Content. Subject to our rights under Section 6, you acknowledge that all User Content and any content related thereto are the property of the respective user that makes the User Content available through the Services or, if made explicit on the Services, us.
You acknowledge and agree that Byte is not responsible or liable for your User Content, including, without limitation, any user's Communications, including yours.


Banners. In some instances, certain User Content may be displayed through the Services with a banner overlaying the User Content (each, a "Banner").
Some Banners you may see on the Services include "For Your Consideration" or "Editor's Pick," among others.
These Banners are merely provided as a convenience to indicate posts that may be of interest to particular users of the Services or to the general body of users of the Services.
You acknowledge and agree that the inclusion of a Banner, whether as a result of automated or human selection, in no way represents or indicates Byte's endorsement, support, or agreement with such User Content or the associated user.
Unless explicitly stated otherwise on the Services, we do not endorse or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, or completeness of any User Content, including User Content that features a Banner.


Rights and Terms for Apps.



Rights in App Granted by Byte. Subject to your compliance with these Terms, Byte grants to you a limited non-exclusive, non-transferable license, with no right to sublicense, to download and install a copy of the App on a mobile device or computer that you own or control and to run such copy of the App solely for your own personal non-commercial purposes.
You may not copy the App, except for making a reasonable number of copies for backup or archival purposes.
Except as expressly permitted in these Terms, you may not: (i) copy, modify or create derivative works based on the App.
(ii) distribute, transfer, sublicense, lease, lend or rent the App to any third party.
(iii) reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the App.
or (iv) make the functionality of the App available to multiple users through any means.
Byte reserves all rights in and to the App not expressly granted to you under these Terms.

Accessing App from App Store. The following terms apply to any App accessed through or downloaded from any app store or distribution platform (like the Apple App Store or Google Play) where the App may now or in the future be made available (each an "App Provider").
You acknowledge and agree that: 


 These Terms are concluded between you and Byte, and not with the App Provider, and Byte (not the App Provider), is solely responsible for the App.
The App Provider has no obligation to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the App.

In the event of any failure of the App to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify the App Provider, and the App Provider will refund the purchase price for the App to you (if applicable) and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the App Provider will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the App.
Any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be the sole responsibility of Byte.
The App Provider is not responsible for addressing any claims you have or any claims of any third party relating to the App or your possession and use of the App, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims.
(ii) any claim that the App fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement.
and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.
In the event of any third party claim that the App or your possession and use of that App infringes that third party's intellectual property rights, Byte will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by these Terms.
The App Provider, and its subsidiaries, are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms as related to your license to the App, and that, upon your acceptance of the Terms, the App Provider will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms as related to your license of the App against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof.
You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S.
Government as a terrorist-supporting country.
and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S.
Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
You must also comply with all applicable third party terms of service when using the App.


General Prohibitions and Byte's Enforcement Rights.
You agree not to do any of the following: 

Post, upload, publish, submit or transmit any content that: (i) infringes, misappropriates or violates a third party's patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, moral rights or other intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy.
(ii) violates, or encourages any conduct that would violate, any applicable law or regulation or would give rise to civil liability.
(iii) is fraudulent, false, misleading or deceptive.
(iv) is defamatory, obscene, pornographic, vulgar or offensive.
(v) promotes discrimination, bigotry, racism, hatred, harassment or harm against any individual or group.
(vi) is violent or threatening or promotes violence or actions that are threatening to any person or entity.
or (vii) promotes illegal or harmful activities or substances;
Use, display, mirror or frame the Services or any individual element within the Services, Byte's name, any Byte trademark, logo or other proprietary information, or the layout and design of any page or form contained on a page, without Byte's express written consent.

Access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Services.

Attempt to access or search the Services or download content from the Services using any engine, software, tool, agent, device or mechanism (including spiders, robots, crawlers, data mining tools or the like) other than the software and/or search agents provided by Byte or other generally available third-party web browsers.

Send any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, email, junk mail, spam, chain letters or other form of solicitation.

Use any meta tags or other hidden text or metadata utilizing an Byte trademark, logo URL or product name without Byte's express written consent.

Use the Services, or any portion thereof, for any commercial purpose or for the benefit of any third party or in any manner not permitted by these Terms.

Interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, the access of any user, host or network, including, without limitation, sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, or mail-bombing the Services.

Collect or store any personally identifiable information from the Services from other users of the Services without their express permission.

Impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity, claim a false affiliation, or misrepresent the source or identity of content used through the Services;
You agree not to provide any information that is intended to misinform, misdirect, mislead, or otherwise deceive any users of the Services or any other third party.

Violate any applicable law or regulation.
or
Induce others to do any of the above.

Byte is not obligated to monitor access to or use of the Services or to review or edit any content.
However, we have the right to do so for the purpose of operating the Services, to ensure compliance with these Terms and to comply with applicable law or other legal requirements.
We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to remove or disable access to any content, at any time and without notice, including, but not limited to, if we, at our sole discretion, consider it objectionable or in violation of these Terms.
We have the right to investigate violations of these Terms or conduct that affects the Services.
We may also consult and cooperate with law enforcement authorities to prosecute users who violate the law.

DMCA/Copyright Policy. Byte respects copyright law and expects its users to do the same.
It is Byte's policy to terminate in appropriate circumstances account holders who repeatedly infringe or are believed to be repeatedly infringing the rights of copyright holders.
Please see Byte's Copyright Policy for further information.

Links to Third Party Websites or Resources. The Services (including the Site and App) may allow you to access third-party websites or other resources.
To the extent provided by us, we provide access only as a convenience and are not responsible for the content, products or services on or available from those resources or links displayed on such websites.
Users of the Services may provide access through User Content to third-party websites or other resources.
To the extent provided by you, you hereby acknowledge and agree that, as between you and Byte, you bear full responsibility and liability in connection with such access by users of the Services.
You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from, your use of any third-party resources.
You further acknowledge that we have no responsibility to remove, add, modify, or monitor User Content, including any access to third-party websites or other resources contained in User Content.

Termination. We may terminate or suspend, in whole or in part, your access to and use of the Services, at our sole discretion, at any time and without notice to you.
You may cancel your account at any time by going into your account settings on the App.
Upon any termination, discontinuation or cancellation of the Services or your account, the following Sections will survive: 6(a), 6(b), 6(c), 6(d), 7, 8, 9, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19 and 20.

Warranty Disclaimers.
 THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WE EXPLICITLY DISCLAIM ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE.
We make no warranty that the Services will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis.
We make no warranty regarding the quality, accuracy, timeliness, truthfulness, completeness or reliability of any information or content on the Services.
WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR USER CONTENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, COMMUNICATIONS, AND WE MAKE NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION OF ANY KIND IN REGARD TO USER CONTENT.

BYTE ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY USER'S OR THIRD PARTY'S FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH ANY APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS.
WE EXPLICITLY DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY FOR ANY ACT OR OMISSION OF ANY USER OR OTHER THIRD PARTY.
WE DO NOT, AND CANNOT CONTROL YOUR INTERACTION WITH ANY USER OR OTHER THIRD PARTY.
WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY LIABILITY ARISING FROM SUCH INTERACTION.


Limitation of Liability.

For the purposes of this Section 17, "Byte", "we", or "us" shall include Byte, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, investors, agents, and successors and assigns.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, NEITHER BYTE NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THE SERVICES WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOST REVENUES, LOST SAVINGS, LOST BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY, LOSS OF DATA OR GOODWILL, SERVICE INTERRUPTION, COMPUTER DAMAGE OR SYSTEM FAILURE OR THE COST OF SUBSTITUTE SERVICES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT BYTE OR ANY OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, EVEN IF A LIMITED REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT BYTE SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR CONTENT OR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY OR ANY THIRD PARTY'S CONTENT, WHETHER OR NOT SUCH CONTENT IS ACCESSED THROUGH THE SERVICES (INCLUDING ANY USER CONTENT), AND THAT ANY RISK OF HARM OR DAMAGE FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY THE LAW OF THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION, IN NO EVENT WILL BYTE'S TOTAL LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES EXCEED TWENTY DOLLARS ($20).

THE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN BYTE AND YOU.



Governing Law and Forum Choice. These Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, federal arbitration law, and the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.
Except as otherwise expressly set forth in Section 19 "Dispute Resolution," the exclusive jurisdiction for all Disputes (defined below) that you and Byte are not required to arbitrate will be the state and federal courts located in the Southern District of New York, and you and Byte each waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue in such courts.

Dispute Resolution.



Mandatory Arbitration of Disputes. We each agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these Terms or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof or the use of the Services (collectively, "Disputes") will be resolved solely by binding, individual arbitration and not in a class, representative or consolidated action or proceeding. You and Byte agree that the U.S.
Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of these Terms, and that you and Byte are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action.
This arbitration provision shall survive termination of these Terms.


Exceptions and Opt-out. As limited exceptions to Section 19(a) above: (i) you may seek to resolve a Dispute in small claims court if it qualifies.
and (ii) we each retain the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief from a court to prevent (or enjoin) the infringement or misappropriation of our intellectual property rights.
In addition, you will retain the right to opt out of arbitration entirely and litigate any Dispute if you provide us with written notice of your desire to do so by email at hello@byte.co or by regular mail at Byte Legal Department, PO Box 611, New York, NY 10272 within thirty (30) days following the date you first agree to these Terms.

Conducting Arbitration and Arbitration Rules. The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under its Consumer Arbitration Rules (the "AAA Rules") then in effect, except as modified by these Terms.
The AAA Rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879.
A party who wishes to start arbitration must submit a written Demand for Arbitration to AAA and give notice to the other party as specified in the AAA Rules.
The AAA provides a form Demand for Arbitration at www.adr.org.
If your claim is for U.S.
$10,000 or less, you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, through a telephonic or video-conference hearing, or by an in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules.
If your claim exceeds U.S.
$10,000, the right to a hearing will be determined by the AAA Rules.
Any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) where you live, unless we both agree to a different location.
The parties agree that the arbitrator shall have exclusive authority to decide all issues relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability and scope of this arbitration agreement.


Arbitration Costs. Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA Rules.
We'll pay for all filing, administration and arbitrator fees and expenses if your Dispute is for less than $10,000, unless the arbitrator finds your Dispute frivolous.
If we prevail in arbitration we'll pay all of our attorneys' fees and costs and won't seek to recover them from you.
If you prevail in arbitration you will be entitled to an award of attorneys' fees and expenses to the extent provided under applicable law.

Class Action Waiver. YOU AND BYTE AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.
Further, if the parties' dispute is resolved through arbitration, the arbitrator may not consolidate another person's claims with your claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding.
If this specific provision is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this Dispute Resolution section shall be null and void.

Effect of Changes on Arbitration. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 3 "Changes to these Terms or the Services" above, if Byte changes any of the terms of this Section 19 "Dispute Resolution" after the date you most recently accepted these Terms, you may reject any such change by sending us written notice (including by email to hello@byte.co) within 30 days of the date such change became effective, as indicated in the "Last Updated" date above or in the date of Byte's email to you notifying you of such change.
By rejecting any change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any Dispute between you and Byte in accordance with the terms of this Section 19 "Dispute Resolution" as of the date you most recently accepted these Terms.

Severability. With the exception of any of the provisions in Section 19(e) of these Terms ("Class Action Waiver"), if an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction decides that any part of these Terms is invalid or unenforceable, the other parts of these Terms will still apply.



General Terms.


Reservation of Rights. Byte and its licensors exclusively own all right, title and interest in and to the Services, including all associated intellectual property rights.
You acknowledge that the Services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of the United States and foreign countries.
You agree not to remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Services.

Entire Agreement. These Terms constitute the entire and exclusive understanding and agreement between Byte and you regarding the Services and Content, and these Terms supersede and replace all prior oral or written understandings or agreements between Byte and you regarding the Services and Content.
If any provision of these Terms is held invalid or unenforceable by an arbitrator or a court of competent jurisdiction, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the other provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect.
You may not assign or transfer these Terms, by operation of law or otherwise, without Byte's prior written consent.
Any attempt by you to assign or transfer these Terms, without such consent, will be null.
Byte may freely assign or transfer these Terms without restriction.
Subject to the foregoing, these Terms will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.

Notices. Any notices or other communications provided by Byte under these Terms will be given: (i) via email.
or (ii) by posting to the Services.
For notices made by email, the date of receipt will be deemed the date on which such notice is transmitted.

Waiver of Rights. Byte's failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of such right or provision.
The waiver of any such right or provision will be effective only if in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of Byte.
Except as expressly set forth in these Terms, the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under these Terms will be without prejudice to its other remedies under these Terms or otherwise.



Contact Information. If you have any questions about these Terms or the Services, please contact Byte at: Email: hello@byte.co
Address: Byte, PO Box 611, New York, NY 10272

 jobs community twitter instagram youtube help What's New What's Next terms privacy guidelines contact
