
        
Refund Policy

Last updated on 8th September 2022

1.
Overview
This Refund Policy describes our policies regarding the handling of refunds in general and does not serve as a legal base, neither is it approved by professionals.
It is used to lay down the foundations for any decision made upon requests.
Any point listed here might be reason for permitted initiations of any refund.
2.
Acceptable Reasons
Listed below are possible reasons that might permit the initiation of a full or prorated refund.


Any kind of unauthorized transaction that was not undertaken on your behalf but financially affects you.


Any situation in which you have not successfully received or are unable to access premium perks.


By user request if the request is made within the first week of making the purchase.


All of the reasons above require viable proof in order to be accepted as possible inquires for the initiation of a refund.
3.
Non-Acceptable Reasons
Below listed are situations in which any kind of refund will not be initiated due to non-acceptable reasons.


Any situation in which you actively or passively forgot to cancel your ongoing subscription.


Any further non-believable reason without feasible argumentation.


Please do note that we are unable to accept inquires in situations listed above due to financial reasons.
4.
Important Notes
In order to successfully come to an agreement please remember to behave, be patient and remain pleasant.

Performing a chargeback on behalf of the payment processor your transaction was handled through will not work out in your favor! In most situations we are able to fight such cases in order to remain with our right.
Without prior contact to the team behind Cakey Bot you might end up being excluded from the usage of our services indefinitely.

When staying friendly and courteous you might end up being served with a refund regardless of the non-application of stated above points.
5.
Contact Us
If you believe your situation is viable for a refund you may wish to contact us via one of the ways listed below.


From the email address related to the Discord account that is affected if accessible.
Just send us an email.


On our Discord support server with the Discord account that is affected if accessible.
Get in touch with our staff team at https://cakeybot.app/discord


In any private message chat with a staff member from the Cakey Bot team.
Find online staff members at https://cakeybot.app/discord


