

 Log in


 Features
 Pricing
 Docs 
 Tutorial 1 How to create your first font.

 Tutorial 2 How to create a randomized font.

 Tutorial 3 How to include ligatures in a font.

 FAQ Frequently questions and their answers.



 Get started free
 Terms of Service Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using our Services.
By accessing or using any part of our services, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement.
If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access or use any of our services.
 Your agreement is with: Maklabu GmbH Baselweg 99 4147 Aesch Switzerland
 Your Fonts
Calligraphr.com does not claim any rights on the fonts you create with Calligraphr.com.
If you use third-party resources (e.g.
images) to create a font with Calligraphr.com, it is your responsibility to make sure you are entitled to use those resources. Calligraphr.com will not use your fonts or uploaded resources in any way without your prior consent.
 Expiration of your account upgrade
When your account upgrade expires, your font resources will no longer be stored on our server.
However, resources in your browser will not be affected. Account Termination.
Calligraphr may terminate your access to all or any part of our Services at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately without refunding you for your potential account upgrade. No warranties
This Website is provided "as is", with all faults, and express no representations or warranties, of any kind related to this Website or the materials contained in this Website.
Also, nothing contained in this Website shall be interpreted as advising you. Limitation of liability
In no event shall Calligraphr.com be held liable for anything arising out of or in any way connected with your use of this Website whether such liability is under contract.
Calligraphr.com shall not be held liable for any indirect, consequential or special liability arising out of or in any way related to your use of this Website. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Calligraphr.com, its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of your use of our Services, including but not limited to your violation of this Agreement. Miscellaneous
If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties’ original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect.

Last update: 10.
Jan.
2018 About us 
Contact us
Press Kit
 Your Account 
Privacy Policy
 Log in 
 Follow us 
Twitter
Instagram
 Available languages English Deutsch español français 
      