



 Home 
 Forums New posts Search forums 
 What's new New posts New profile posts Latest activity 
 Members Current visitors New profile posts Search profile posts 
 Blog 




 Log in Register 
 What's new 
 Search Search 
Search titles only By: Search Advanced search… 
 Latest activity 
 Register 




 Menu Log in Register Install the app Install 
 Welcome! CLICK HERE to ask a question about the best carseat or safest choice for your family.
Visitor posts subject to approval.


Community 2022 Recommended Carseats



 Home 
 Help 
 Cookie usage Help pages Help Smilies BB codes Trophies Cookie usage Terms and rules Privacy policy This page discusses how cookies are used by this site.
If you continue to use this site, you are consenting to our use of cookies. What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files stored on your computer by your web browser at the request of a site you're viewing.
This allows the site you're viewing to remember things about you, such as your preferences and history or to keep you logged in.
Cookies may be stored on your computer for a short time (such as only while your browser is open) or for an extended period of time, even years.
Cookies not set by this site will not be accessible to us. Our cookie usage
This site uses cookies for numerous things, including:

Registration and maintaining your preferences.
This includes ensuring that you can stay logged in and keeping the site in the language or appearance that you requested.
Analytics.
This allows us to determine how people are using the site and improve it.
Advertising cookies (possibly third-party).
If this site displays advertising, cookies may be set by the advertisers to determine who has viewed an ad or similar things.
These cookies may be set by third parties, in which case this site has no ability to read or write these cookies.
Other third-party cookies for things like Facebook or Twitter sharing.
These cookies will generally be set by the third-party independently, so this site will have no ability to access them.
 Standard cookies we set
 These are the main cookies we set during normal operation of the software.



xf_csrf

Stores a token, unique to you, which is used to verify that the actions you perform on this site were intended to be performed by you.



xf_session

Stores the current ID of your session.



xf_user

Stores a key, unique to you, which allows us to keep you logged in to the software as you navigate from page to page.


 Additional cookies and those set by third parties
 Additional cookies may be set during the use of the site to remember information as certain actions are being performed, or remembering certain preferences.

 Other cookies may be set by third party service providers which may provide information such as tracking anonymously which users are visiting the site, or set by content embedded into some pages, such as YouTube or other media service providers.
 Removing/disabling cookies
Managing your cookies and cookie preferences must be done from within your browser's options/preferences.
Here is a list of guides on how to do this for popular browser software:

Microsoft Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
Mozilla Firefox
Google Chrome
Safari for macOS
Safari for iOS
 More information about cookies
 To learn more about cookies, and find more information about blocking certain types of cookies, please visit the ICO website Cookies page.
 Car-Seat.Org Facebook Group Find us on Facebook Here Sponsors CarseatBlog
Britax Child Safety
Graco Baby
Nuna Baby Forum statistics 
Threads
219,714


Messages
2,200,173


Members
13,462


Latest member
mjbohnert


 Home 
 Help 




 Classic 


Contact us
Terms and rules
Privacy policy
Help
Home


RSS
 Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2022 XenForo Ltd.

 This site uses cookies to help personalise content, tailor your experience and to keep you logged in if you register.
By continuing to use this site, you are consenting to our use of cookies.
Accept Learn more… 


Top 
      