
        
Care.com's Identity Verification Data Collection and Retention Policy 

Last Updated: Oct 20, 2021


Purpose

This Identity Verification Data Collection and Retention Policy ("the Policy")
describes how Care.com collects, uses, stores and safeguards the
identification and photographic image data you provide ("your ID data") in
order to verify your identity in connection with determining your eligibility
to use or continue to use certain aspects of our products and services (the
"Services").
Care.com uses your ID data in some situations to help facilitate
safe interactions between individuals using the Services.

ID Data

After obtaining your voluntary written consent, Care.com will direct you to
provide to a third-party service provider, contracted to complete the identity
verification ("the Verification Provider"), a copy of a government issued
identification document and request that you upload a photo of the front and
back of the document.
You will be asked to take and provide a selfie (not an
existing photograph) and the Verification Provider may video record your
verification session, which should last approximately 2-5 minutes.
Using that
information, the Verification Provider will conduct an identity verification
process and return to Care.com the results of that process ("the Identity
Verification").

Care.com's Use and Disclosure of ID Data

It is Care.com's policy to protect, use and store your ID data in accordance
with all applicable laws.
Care.com and the Verification Provider will only use
your ID data in order to verify your identity in connection with determining
your eligibility to use the services.
Care.com will not sell or market your ID
data and will only share or disclose your ID data in the following
circumstances:



To the Verification Provider contracted to complete the Identity
Verification for Care.com.
The Verification Provider is permitted to use
your ID data solely in connection with its contractual relationship with
Care.com and is required to maintain security of your ID data as good or
better than Care.com.
The Verification Provider is not permitted to use your
ID data for any other purpose and is required to proactively notify Care.com
in the event of any breach that could impact your ID data.


To other third parties where: (i) required by applicable federal state or
municipal law, including response to legal process (such as a subpoena,
warrant or civil discovery request).
(ii) you or your legally authorized
representative consents to such disclosure.
or (iii) the disclosure
completes a financial transaction that you or your authorized representative
has requested.


Storage and Retention of ID Data

Care.com, either itself or through its chosen Verification Provider will
store, transmit and protect your ID data using a reasonable standard of care
for a period of three (3) years, unless legally permitted to be maintained
longer, for example, if preservation of your ID data is required by a warrant
or subpoena.
Care.com will store, transmit and protect your ID data in a
manner that is the same or more protective than the manner in which Care.com
stores, transmits and protects other confidential and sensitive information.

