
         100% Satisfaction Guarantee Our goal is to keep you happy, whatever it takes.
We want every single interaction you have with us to be quick, easy and trouble-free.
However, in the unlikely event that you do have an issue, everything we sell is covered by our 100% Satisfaction Guarantee.
This covers everything from product quality, to items ordered in error, and always includes freepost on printer cartridges should you need to return anything.
3 year warranty on own-brand cartridges
We are proud of our own-brand cartridges, so we’ve made trying them a no-brainer.
If within three years of purchase you have any problem whatsoever, we’ll happily offer either a replacement or a refund.
We are confident that no other own-brand cartridges are better than ours.
They produce vibrant prints with accurate colour densities and dark blacks—and their page yields are as good as the genuines, if not better
Any items damaged in transit should be reported to us within three working days.
Printer Protection Guarantee
In the unlikely event that Cartridge Save own brand cartridges cause damage to your printer—regardless of how old your printer is—we will repair or replace your printer for free.
If your printer is less than one year old, your manufacturer’s warranty won’t be affected by using our cartridges (this is the law).
However, in the unlikely event that our own brand products are to blame, we will take over the manufacturer’s warranty offering phone support and, if needed, repair or replace your printer.
One year returns on unopened printer cartridges
Provided that the products are unopened, and in brand-new condition, you can send anything back to us for a refund for up to one year after making the purchase.
You've ordered the wrong printer cartridges
Our printer cartridge compatibility information is highly accurate.
However, if there is any error on our website which has caused you to order the wrong printer cartridges, we will happily accept them for a full replacement or refund, even if you have opened the packaging. If you've ordered the wrong cartridges for another reason (and have opened the packaging), we may still be able to help.
Just call our team to discuss.
Free returns on printer cartridges
Whatever the reason for returning printer cartridges to cartridgesave.co.uk, you will never pay a penny for postage.
Customers wishing to return non-faulty printers must do so at their own cost.
To return an item, please use our returns form.

Printer returns
Printers are sold with the manufacturer's 12 month warranty, please check with the
manufacturer if this needs to be activated when you receive the printer.
In the event you receive a faulty printer, please contact the manufacturer in the first
instance, if they cannot resolve the issue with you, then will provide you with an RMA
and we will then be able to book a collection for you.
Any items damaged in transit
should be reported to us within three working days.
We work very hard to make sure that the information listed about your printer is correct,
therefore we do not sell printers on a trial basis, once opened we cannot accept this
printer back for return.
However, if you ever found the information listed to be incorrect,
please contact a member of the team who will resolve this issue with you.
Printers do not qualify for our free returns but must still be authorised in advance.
Any items received without an authorised returns number will be assumed as recycling
and handled as such, refunds will not be issued for items disposed of.
