
         Open main menu Open Projects Find Talent Pricing Classes Login Sign Up Find Talent Pricing Classes Support Policies Privacy Effective Date May 9, 2022 Policies Terms of Service Cookie Policy Privacy Policy GDPR Casting Call Club LLC.
("us", "we", or "our") operates the castingcall.club website and platform (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
This site uses cookies.
Here's why:

We keep track of your session, which lets you login and have an account.
We also use it to make your experience better by highlighting projects you've already seen, etc.
We let third-parties set cookies for analytics.
Analytics helps CCC because when we build a new feature and everyone hates it, we want to know how to make it better.

 Right, so your personal information.
What does this site do with it?

We collect your email address.
We only use it to email you directly about things you do on this site like when someone messages you, or when new projects are available in your search criteria.
It never leaves our database.
There are three exceptions to this rule: 1.
if you buy something (like a membership).
In this case, we send your email to PayPal or Stripe for the sole purposes of customer service.
2.
we use a service called sendgrid in order to send you emails.
3.
if you email us for customer support reasons, we use a service called helpscout.

You can fill in your profile.
Anything you put on your public profile is public.

 Can I delete my data?

Yes.
There is a delete account button in your account page.
When you click 'delete account', we remove all your data including email.
 What kind of data is processed? Personal Data While using our service, we ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data").
Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

Email address and username
Anything you type in your public profile
Cookies and Usage Data (see below)

We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you.
You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send, or you can opt out on the Settings page. Usage Data We collect information how the service is accessed and used ("Usage Data").
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g.
IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
However, personally identifable Usage Data is not collected in from our system and never tied directly to you.

The exceptions to this are when you view a project page or a profile page.
We track when the date and time you viewed those pages, but we strip all other data.
The only information we retain looks something similar to this: 'user_id 1 viewed project_id 234223 on 2017-03-19 00:23:23'.
This viewer data never leaves our database. Tracking Cookies Data For more information about cookies, see our cookie policy.
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier.
Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device.
Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our service.
For what purpose is the data collected?


To provide and maintain our service
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
 How do we protect your information?
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
We are committed to protecting your personal information against unauthorized use or disclosure.
We are PCI compliant, run our code through security checks on every version released, and update our libraries with the latest security patches as available.
Disclosure to Third Parties
We use a select number of trusted external service providers for certain technical data analysis, processing and/or storage offerings.
These service providers are carefully selected and meet high data protection and security standards.
We only share information with them that is required for the services.
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred.
We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g.
a court or a government agency).
We may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of our Service
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
 Your Rights
You have a right to be informed of Personal Data processed by us, a right to rectification/correction, erasure and restriction of processing.
You also have the right to receive a structured, common and machine-readable format of Personal Data you provided to us.
We can only identify you via your email address and we can only adhere to your request and provide information if we have Personal Data about you through you having made contact with us directly and/or you using our site and/or service.
We cannot provide, rectify or delete any data that we store on behalf of our users or customers.
To exercise any of the rights mentioned in this Privacy Policy and/or in the event of questions or comments relating to the use of Personal Data you may contact our support team: moderators@castingcall.club.
You have the right to withdraw consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of the processing that was carried out prior to withdrawing it.
Whenever you withdraw consent, you acknowledge and accept that this may have a negative influence on the quality of the site and/or services.
You further agree that we shall not be held liable with respect to any loss and/or damage to your Personal Data if you choose to withdraw consent.
In addition, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority in your jurisdiction. Service Providers
We employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analysing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. Analytics
We use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Simple Analytics We use Simple Analytics because they are privacy focused.
They are fully GDPR compliant and they do not collect IP addresses so they cannot track you when you are offline.
Please have a read on their polices: https://simpleanalytics.com/no-tracking Google Analytics Google Analytics is installed on some parts of the site currently.
It is being phased out.
Hosting and backend infrastructure
Heroku
Heroku is a hosting service provided by Salesforce Amazon Web Services
Amazon Web Services is a hosting and backend service provided by Amazon.com Inc.
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service.
In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g.
payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details.
That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy.
These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover.
PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The payment processors we work with are: Stripe
Stripe is a payment service provided by Stripe Inc.
PayPal/Braintree
PayPal/Braintree is a payment service provided by PayPal Inc.
Ads
There are third-party cookies set by advertisement companies on certain parts of this website.
It is being phased out.
This privacy policy will be updated when they are all removed.
Email Services
Sendgrid
Sendgrid is a service to send out email messages.
Other
CloudFlare
CloudFlare is a traffic optimization and distribution service provided by CloudFlare Inc.
The way CloudFlare is integrated means that it filters all the traffic through this Website, i.e., communication between this Website and the User's browser, while also allowing analytical data from this Website to be collected.
Oauth with Facebook, Discord, LinkedIn, and Google
This allows you to login to our service using those sites.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us.
If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site.
We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13.
If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us.
If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time.
We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Footer Need assistance? Chat with a mod moderators@castingcall.club Classes start Jan 04 Reserve Your Seat Company 
 About 
 Support 
 Pricing 
 Terms of Service 
 Privacy  Gettings Started  Create Account 
 Find Projects 
 Finding Talent 
 Find Talent 
 Find Voice Actors 
 Find Actors 
 Find Singers 
 Find Artists 
 Find Video Editors 
 Find Musicians 
 Find Animators 
 Find Directors 
 Find Writers 
 Find Agents 
 Find Producers 
 It's lovely to see you.
You look great today!
Anyway, here's our social channels: Facebook Instagram Twitter  Created by Buford Built with 
 © 2022 Casting Call Club.
A few lefts, but All rights reserved.
 Hate ads? Try upgrading to CCC Premium
      