
         Terms of Use Here are the ways that you can and can't use our website, we've tried to keep them brief and easy to understand.
Use of Trademarks
"Piriform", "CCleaner", "Defraggler", "Recuva", "Speccy" and "Agomo", including words and logos ("our trademarks") are registered trademarks of Piriform Limited.
You may not at any time use our trademarks as part of any business or trading name, style or domain name.
Linking to our Website
You may link to the home page or subpage of our website www.ccleaner.com ("our Website") provided that you comply with the following terms:
1.
You do not link to any images displayed anywhere on our Website except where you are expressly permitted by us to do so.
We reserve the right to withdraw any such permission for any reason without notice and to demand that you immediately remove any links to our images.
2.
You do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it and you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
3.
You shall not link to our Website from any website which is not owned by you or which is acting unlawfully, indecent or inappropriate, or in any other way incompatible with our reputation.
4.
Our Website must not be framed on any other site.
5.
You will not do, or omit to do, anything to diminish our rights in the logos or other trade marks or impair, jeopardise or invalidate any registration of the logos or trade marks and you will not alter, change or modify the logos in any way.
6.
You shall not at any time use our trademarked terms as part of any business or trading name, style or domain name.
7.
You acknowledge that all rights in the logos are vested in us and you shall not assert any claim of ownership of the logos or to the goodwill or reputation thereof by virtue of your use of the logos or otherwise.
You agree that any goodwill derived from your use of the logos shall accrue to us.
You may not link to our Website or use or reproduce our trade marks or logos other than is expressly allowed in this permission.
We reserve the right to withdraw this permission for any reason without notice and to demand that you immediately remove any links to our Website, our name, trade marks or logos from your website. Use of Website
You may not use our Website in such a way that disrupts, interferes with or restricts the use by other users.
You may not reproduce or copy the content of our Website in any form without prior permission.
We reserve the right to withdraw this permission for any reason without notice and to demand that you immediately remove any copyrighted material.
This terms of use and permissions within and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law and submitted to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
We are Piriform Software Limited, a company incorporated in England under company number 8235567.
 Our registered office is at: 163 Eversholt Street, London, NW1 1BU.
Telephone: 1-800-816-9004 or you can email us at info@piriform.com

