
        CDN77 Cookie Policy

This CDN77 Cookie Policy (“Policy”) outlines the general policy, practices, and types of cookies that CDN77 (“CDN77”, “we”, “us” or “our”) may use to improve our services and your experience when visiting our Website.
For the purposes of this Policy, “Website” refers to cdn77.com.
Cookies are small pieces of text used to store information on web browsers.
They are used by many websites to store and receive identifiers and other information on devices, such as a handheld phone or computer.
Our Website and Service use cookies and other similar technologies (collectively in this Policy, "cookies"), in order to provide a better service to you and to generally improve our Website and Service.
For example, we may use cookies to help direct you to the appropriate part of our Website, by indicating that you are a repeat visitor.
We also may use information to present you with services that are matched to your preferences and to manage and track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.
We also may include tracking pixels, which are small graphic images, in our marketing communications to determine engagement.
These cookies may be set by us or by third parties with whom we have partnered to assist in our marketing efforts.
Some portions of our Website are functional without cookies, and you may generally choose whether to accept cookies.
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default, however, you may be able to delete cookies yourself through your browser's cookie manager.
To do so, please follow the instructions provided by your web browser.
Please note that disabling cookies will reset your session, disable auto-login, and may adversely affect the availability and functionality of our Website and the services we can provide to you.
You can activate or deactivate the use of cookies through a functionality built into your web browser.
To learn more about how to control cookie settings through your browser:

Learn more about the “Private Browsing” setting and managing cookie settings in Firefox;
Learn more about “Incognito” and managing cookie settings in Chrome;
Learn more about “InPrivate” and managing cookie settings in Internet Explorer.
or
Learn more about “Private Browsing” and managing cookie settings in Safari.



If you want to learn more about cookies, or how to control, disable or delete them, please visit http://www.aboutcookies.org for detailed guidance.
In addition, certain third party advertising networks, including Google, permit users to opt out of or customize preferences associated with your internet browsing.
To learn more about this feature from Google, click here.


We detail the cookies used on our Website below.

Functional CookiesFunctional cookies are necessary to help our Website and Service to work as intended.
Some of these cookies include, but are not limited to:

Cookies by Intercom.com - Those cookies are enabling smooth function of website chat
rc::c by Google.com - This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots
Cookies by CDN77.com - Those cookies are for purposes of: website analytics, behavioral on site, chat and communication with us and for possibility to login into our service and keeping user logged in.


AnalyticsWe use third-party cookies and similar tracking technologies to help us understand how you use our Website and Service and improve your experience.
For example, we may use cookies to understand what pages you browsed before submitting a client solutions request form.
You can delete these cookies through your browser settings or through the links listed below.
The analytics cookies we use include:

Google Analytics - Web traffic tracking.
Learn more here.
To opt-out visit this page.
Google Tag Manager - Web traffic tracking.
Learn more here.
To opt-out visit this page.
Smartlook - Analyzing user behavioral on website.
Learn more here.
HotJar - Analyzing user behavioral on website + feedback forms.
To opt-out visit this page



In addition, we also may include tracking pixels, which are small graphic images, in our email messages to determine whether the messages were opened and if the links were clicked.
If you do not want to receive tracking pixels in emails we send you, you will need to disable HTML images in your email client, but that may affect your ability to view images in other emails you receive.

Advertising &amp.
TargetingThese third-party cookies are placed by third-party advertising platforms or networks to collect information about your visits to and actions on certain pages of our Website so that they can deliver ads for relevant Cloudflare products and services to you later, such as when you are on certain third-party sites.
These cookies also track ad performance.

Bing Ads - Advertising platform.
Learn more here.
To opt-out visit this page.
Twitter - Analyzes browsing activity to establish user profile and advertising platform.
Learn more here.
To opt-out visit this page.
Facebook Ads - Analyzes browsing activity across our Website to track advertising effectiveness, customize audiences, and improve ad retargeting.
Learn more here.
To opt-out visit this page whether you are a Facebook user (via your ad preferences) or not (via the Digital Advertising Alliance for your jurisdiction).
Google Ads - Provides Internet ad-serving services.
Learn more here .
To opt-out visit this page.
LinkedIn Insights - Analyzes browsing activity across Website to establish user profile and advertising platform.
Learn more here, including how to opt out whether you are a LinkedIn user (via your ad preferences) or not (via the Digital Advertising Alliance for your jurisdiction).
LinkedIn account holders can opt-out specifically from LinkedIn's uses of certain categories of data to show more relevant ads.
Visitors to LinkedIn can opt out here.
Quora.com - Analyzes browsing activity across our Website to track advertising effectiveness, customize audiences, and improve ad retargeting.
Read more and opt-out.


Cookie supportIf you have an enquiry or concern about our cookie policy, please contact us at support@cdn77.com


