
         Bulk Data Terms of Service Last Modified: April 7, 2009 Description of Service Bulk Data ("the Service") is part of OpenSecrets.org, the web site of the non-partisan Center for Responsive Politics ("CRP").
CRP tracks money and other elite influences in federal elections and its effect on policy.
Bulk Data enables registered users to download large data sets and customize certain pages to display money-in-politics data for specific politicians, organizations, Congressional or Presidential races, industries, etc.
Future enhancements of the service are expected regularly. Acceptance of Terms The data and information provided on nearly all of OpenSecrets is licensed under the Creative Commons license Attribution Non-Commercial Share Alike (legal code).
This license lets you remix, tweak, and build upon our work non-commercially, as long as we are credited and that your new creation is licensed under the identical terms.
Information in our Revolving Door section is exempted from this Creative Commons license as its use is restricted by our agreement with Columbia Books.
Bulk Data is operated by the Center for Responsive Politics as the customizable part of our web site at OpenSecrets.org.
By signing up for and using the Service you signify that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. Privacy When you register for The Service you are asked to provide certain personal information.
CRP takes very seriously its responsibility to safeguard the data from unauthorized access and employs multiple redundant protection mechanisms.
This information will never be shared with any other organization, except when required by legitimate law enforcement bodies in the U.S.
For more information, see our full at Privacy Policy.
Your use of the Service constitutes your consent to the collection and use (as set forth in the Privacy Policy) of this information. Disclaimer of Warranties You expressly understand and agree that:

Your use of the Service is at your sole risk.
The Service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis.
CRP expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, express or implied.
While CRP strives to provide clean, error-free and robust tools, CRP makes no warranty that (i) the Service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free.
(ii) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Service will be accurate or reliable.
(iii) the quality of the Service, and the data contained therein will meet your expectations or requirements.
and (iv) any errors in the software will be corrected.
 Limitation of Liability You expressly understand and agree that CRP shall not be liable to you for any direct or indirect damages resulting from the use or the inability to use the Service or any other matter relating to the Service. Modification or Discontinuation of The Service CRP reserves the right at any time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice.
You agree that CRP shall not be liable to you for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Service. Modification of Terms of Service We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change the Terms of Service at any time without further notice.
If we do this, we will post the changes to the Terms of Service on this page and will indicate at the top of this page the date these terms were last revised.
Your continued use of the Service on or after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms of Service.
It is the responsibility of you, the user, to regularly check to determine if there have been changes to the Terms of Service and to review such changes.
We do not anticipate that these terms will change frequently.
