
         API Terms of Service 
Last Modified: April 7, 2009

Use of this OpenSecrets.org API (Service) is provided free for educational, research, and non-commercial use.
Commercial uses and republishing of data obtained obtained via this Service may involve a fee. By completing the application process, you agree to: 
Provide us with accurate contact information and reason for access.
Abide by the Creative Commons license Attribution Non-Commercial Share Alike (legal code) under which this data is released.
Use this Service and any data provided via this Service for your own educational, research, and other non-commercial purposes.
Properly cite the Center for Responsive Politics or OpenSecrets.org as the source of the data whenever the data is displaying in reports, publications or Web postings.
Include mandatory methodology notes when data is displayed from APIs that provide such information (usually Top Contributors data).
Use the information in accordance with state and federal laws that may restrict the use of the data.
Not sell or otherwise use the data provided via this Service for direct-mail, tele-marketing, or other solicitations.
Not sell or otherwise use the data provided via this Service for other commercial purposes, including republishing, without our expressed written permission.
Allow the Center for Responsive Politics and OpenSecrets.org to cite any data mash-ups and uses of its APIs on our Web site and for promotional materials.
Not use the Service to scrape and/or store a collection of Provider's data on your server.
The Providers of this Service may change it at any time with or without notice to you.
 Disclaimers 
THIS SERVICE AND INFORMATION FROM THE SERVICE HEREIN IS PROVIDED AS IS WITHOUT ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
Use of this API does not entitle user to any technical support.
Under no circumstances shall the Providers of this Service be liable for your use of this Service or for a failure for this Service to function as expected or advertised.

