
         Cookie Notice Last Updated: August 4, 2020 See also: Terms of Use General Policies Chegg Tutors Terms of Service Intellectual Property Rights Owner Program  This Cookie Statement explains how Chegg, Inc.
(collectively with any subsidiaries, "Chegg"), "we", "us", and "ours") use cookies and similar technologies to recognize you when you visit our website at www.bibme.org, www.careermatch.com, www.chegg.com, www.citethisforme.com, www.citationmachine.net, www.easybib.com, www.internships.com, www.normasapa.com, www.studyblue.com and www.thinkful.com ("Website").
It explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them.
Some capitalized terms are defined in our Privacy Notice.


What are cookies?

 Cookies are small data files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website.
Cookies are widely used by website owners in order to make their websites work more efficiently, as well as to provide reporting information.
Like all e-commerce sites Chegg uses cookies, log files or similar technologies to track usage of our Services.
Log files are the record of your visits to the Services and include Usage Information.

 Cookies set by the website owner (in this case, Chegg) are called "first-party cookies".
Cookies set by parties other than the website owner are called "third-party cookies".
Third-party cookies enable third-party features or functionality to be provided on or through the website (e.g.
to make it easier for you to use our Services and place orders, targeted advertising, to perform interactive content, and to conduct analytics).
The parties that set these third-party cookies can recognize your computer both when it visits the website in question and also when it visits certain other websites.

 Some cookies we use are "persistent".
If you do not log out of your account, then the next time you visit, the persistent cookie will allow us to recognize you as an existing user so you will not need to log in before using the Services.
We also use "session" cookies, which are used to identify a particular visit.
Session cookies expire after a short time or when you close your web browser.


Why do you use cookies?

 We use first-party and third-party cookies for several reasons.
Some cookies are required for technical reasons in order for our Website to operate, and we refer to these as "essential" or "strictly necessary" cookies.
Other cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our Website.
Third parties serve cookies through our Website for advertising, analytics and other purposes.
This is described in more detail below.

 You can opt-out of each cookie category (except strictly necessary cookies) by clicking on the "cookie settings" button below:
 Cookie Settings  The specific types, features, and purposes of first- and third-party cookies served through our Website and the purposes they perform are described below.



Strictly Necessary cookies:
 These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our Websites and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas.
These include cookies that ensure security, prevent fraud, and debug where your data can be used to monitor for and prevent fraudulent activity, and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely and technically deliver ads or content so your device can receive and send information that allows you to see and interact with ads and content.


Store and/or access information on a device
 Cookies, device identifiers, or other information can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes presented to you.


Personalised ads and ad measurement
 Ads can be shown to you based on the content you’re viewing, the app you’re using, your approximate location, or your device type.
A profile can be built about you and your interests to show you personalized ads that are relevant to you.
The performance and effectiveness of ads that you see or interact with can be measured.


Personalised content, content measurement, audience insights, and product development
 A profile can be built about you and your interests to show you personalised content that is relevant to you.
The performance and effectiveness of content that you see or interact with can be measured.
Market research can be used to learn more about the audiences who visit sites/apps and view ads.
Your data can be used to improve existing systems and software, and to develop new products.


Precise geolocation data, and identification through device scanning
 Data from offline data sources can be combined with your online activity in support of one or more purposes.
Different devices can be determined as belonging to you or your household in support of one or more of purposes.



 What about other tracking technologies, like web beacons or embedded scripts? 

 Cookies are not the only way to recognize or track visitors to a website.
We as well as our affiliate program partners, service providers, and other third parties may use other, similar technologies from time to time, like web beacons (sometimes called "tracking pixels" or "clear gifs").
These are tiny graphics files that contain a unique identifier that enable us to recognize when someone has visited our Website and track their online movements.
This allows us to monitor the traffic patterns of users within our Website, to understand whether you have come to our Website from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, and help improve the overall quality and experience of our Services.
We tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers' Personal Information.
In many instances, these technologies are reliant on cookies to function properly, and so declining cookies will impair their functioning.

 An Embedded Script: is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Services, such as the links you click on.
The code is temporarily downloaded onto your computer or other device from our server or a third-party service provider and is deactivated or deleted when you disconnect from the Services.


Do you use Flash cookies or Local Shared Objects?

 Our Website also uses so-called "Flash Cookies" (also known as Local Shared Objects or "LSOs") such as HTML5 to, among other things, collect and store information about your use of our services, assist with fraud prevention and for other site operations.
Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity also use LSOs to collect and store information.

 If you do not want Flash Cookies stored on your computer, you can adjust the settings of your Flash player to block Flash Cookies storage using the tools contained in the Website Storage Settings Panel .
You can also control Flash Cookies by going to the Global Storage Settings Panel and following the instructions (which may include instructions that explain, for example, how to delete existing Flash Cookies (referred to "information" on the Macromedia site), how to prevent Flash LSOs from being placed on your computer without your being asked, and (for Flash Player 8 and later) how to block Flash Cookies that are not being delivered by the operator of the page you are on at the time).

 Please note that setting the Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of Flash Cookies may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applications.



What about Do Not Track?

 Please note that your browser setting may allow you to automatically transmit a "Do Not Track" signal to web sites and online service you visit.
There is no consensus among industry participants as to what "Do Not Track" means in this context.
Like many web sites and online services, Chegg does not alter its practices when it receives a "Do Not Track" signal from a visitor's browser.
To find out more about "Do Not Track", please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com.


Do you serve targeted advertising?

 Chegg works with network advertisers, ad agencies, analytics service providers and other vendors for advertising and analytics services.
The advertisements you see will be served by one or more third parties, who use information collected over time about your activities on the Services, and other websites, to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.
They may also employ technology that is used to measure the effectiveness of advertisements.
This can be accomplished by them using cookies or web beacons to collect information about your visits to this and other sites in order to provide relevant advertisements about goods and services of potential interest to you.

 Chegg shares non-Personal Information: de-identified (including hashed) information, location information, demographic information, and Usage Information with these third parties.
The information collected through this process does not enable us or them to identify your name, contact details or other personally identifying details.


How can I control cookies?

 You have the right to decide whether to accept or reject cookies.
You can exercise your cookie preferences by clicking on the appropriate opt-out links provided via the Cookie Settings button above.

 You can set or amend your web browser (e.g.
Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Safari, Firefox) controls to accept or refuse cookies.
If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our Website though your access to some functionality and areas of our Website may be restricted.
As the means by which you can refuse cookies through your web browser controls vary from browser-to-browser, you should visit your browser's help menu for more information.

 In addition, most advertising networks participate in a self-regulatory program that allows you to opt-out of targeted advertising.
If you would like to find out more information, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or http://www.youronlinechoices.com or http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp .


Mobile Use

 If you use the Services through a mobile device or one of our mobile applications, we will collect Usage Information.
You can turn off the collection of precise location information through your Device settings.
We could still infer your approximate location through other information we collect, such as IP address.


Where can I get further information?

 If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other technologies, please email us at privacy@chegg.com.

