
         Close 
Home
Fonts

Full List Of Fonts
Font License
Fonts in Action


Games

Android
iPhone and iPad
Windows Phone
Windows
Mac OS X
Browser
Nintendo Switch
PlayStation 4
Xbox One


Team

Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy


Contact


Facebook
Twitter
Google
LinkedIn
YouTube
 Skip to content 
Search Close Chequered Ink Over 800 commercial-use fonts 
Home
Fonts

Full List Of Fonts
Font License
Fonts in Action


Games

Android
iPhone and iPad
Windows Phone
Windows
Mac OS X
Browser
Nintendo Switch
PlayStation 4
Xbox One


Team

Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy


Contact
 Menu 
Facebook
Twitter
Google
LinkedIn
YouTube
 Search box Privacy Policy Skip to entry content Who are we?
We are Chequered Ink Ltd, a limited company based in the United Kingdom.
You can find full details of our registered company number and physical address here, and you can contact us directly here. What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Below is a list of the personal information that we collect and the cookies we use, separated into categories to help you understand how your personal data is being collected and used.
Contact forms
When you use the contact form on our website it sends an email directly to our support team.
This email includes all the information you provided on the form as well as your public IP address.
The information sent to us is used purely to help with your support enquiry.
We never share this information with third parties unless you explicitly ask us to do so.
Cookies
This website uses a variety of cookies to store information for the next time you visit.
Cookies are text files saved in your browser to help websites remember information about you.
We use cookies to check if users are logged in, to save information about your preferences using the website and to check whether or not you are a brand new visitor or if you have visited before.
We also use your browser’s local storage to save your progress in our HTML5 games.
You can delete cookies and local storage data at any time from your web browser’s settings menu.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g.
YouTube videos, social media buttons, images, articles, adverts etc.).
Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We use Jetpack and Google Analytics to help us understand our customers.
Both of these analytics services use cookies to store information about you.
They may store information from other websites in order to build a profile of your browsing habits.
This information is then available to us (and other Google Analytics users) to help us understand who is using our site and what their interests are.
You can find Jetpack’s privacy policy here, and information on Google Analytics usage of your data here.
You can delete either of their cookies from your browser settings.
If you continue to use our website, these services will continue to use cookies to store information about you.
The way to prevent this is to disallow cookies in your browser settings or get a browser plugin which allows you to block cookies from specific sites.
Google Ads
We use advertising to help with our day to day business costs.
Our third party advertisers, Google, may use cookies to store information about you and your browsing habits.
You can change the way adverts are served to you by clicking the “ad choices” button in the corner of any Google Ad.
Alternatively, you can block cookies or block adverts in your web browser’s settings or by downloading an ad-blocking plugin.
Spam Checking
We use a service called Akismet to prevent our website from being hacked or spammed by bots and other illegitimate users.
The information Akismet collects typically includes commenter’s public IP addresses, user agent (browser), referrer, and the current Site URL.
This information is used purely to detect illegitimate users and prevent them from posting on the site. Who we share your data with
As described above, the following third parties will have access to some of your data which they collect through advertising or analytics embedded in our website: Google, Jetpack, Akismet.
We do not share any of the data that we collect through our contact form, HTML5 games or first-party cookies.
This information is for our use only.
How long we retain your data
The data collected through our contact form is stored only as long as it takes for us to deal with your enquiry.
Cookies and local storage information are stored locally in your browser, and you can delete these at any time in your browser’s settings.
The third parties previously described will each have their own data retention policies and you should visit the links provided to find out more.
What rights you have over your data
You can request an archive of your data from us at any time using our contact form.
We take your rights very seriously and we will deal with any requests as soon as possible.
The third parties previously described will each have their own data retention policies and you should visit the links provided to find out more.
How we protect your data
Data you provide via our contact form is sent to our secure email server.
We regularly perform security checks on our website to minimise the chance of security breaches.
Your data is deleted as soon as it is no longer required.
Cookies and local storage information are stored on your device, not on our servers.
What data breach procedures we have in place
We regularly check for breaches to the security of our website.
Should any breach become apparent we will immediately act to prevent further damage by securing our servers and we will inform all users that there has been a breach – even if their data wasn’t specifically affected.
We will do this via email (if we have a user’s email on file) and by public announcement.
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
We do not personally use customer data to profile our users, however our third party analytics services do provide us with an overview of our visitors’ demographics.
They show us the estimated gender, age and interests of our users to help us better understand our customers.
As described above, you can take control of this data by visiting the websites in question or by changing your browser settings. Still worried?
If you have any further questions or comments about the privacy policy, please get in touch.
We’re happy to answer any questions you have. News News Feed
Monthly Round-up
Games Showreel 2017
Games Showreel 2016 Support Contact Us
Known Issues Legal Terms of use
Privacy Policy Copyright © Chequered Ink Ltd.
2015 - 2020 Back to top Before continuing to use our website, you will need to read and consent to our privacy policy.
This includes information about how we use cookies and how we collect and use your personal data.
Read Our Policy Accept RejectGDPR / Privacy &amp.
Cookies Policy 


 Necessary Always Enabled 

