

 Apps Abandonment Protector  All the tools you need to run successful email marketing campaigns.
 View more Upsellkit  Smarter shopping cart process to offer Upsells, Cross-sells &amp.
Bundles.
 View more 
 Pricing Abandonment Protector  All the tools you need to run successful email marketing campaigns.
 See full pricing Upsellkit  Smarter shopping cart process to offer Upsells, Cross-sells &amp.
Bundles.
 See full pricing 
 Login 
 Contact 
 Free trial 
 Terms and Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Data Processing Addendum (DPA) Privacy Policy  Version Date: March 29, 2019.

Thanks for choosing “Chilliapps".
This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) applies to your use of Chilliapps (the "Platform") offered through the URL www.chilliapps.com and all chilliapps.com subdomains (the "Website") and such other sites as may be designated by Chilliapps that provide resources and services to create, send, and manage marketing campaigns.
grow email lists and other services in connection with which you can enhance the shopping cart process of your online store (the “Services”).
This Privacy Policy sets out how we collect, use, and process your information when you use our Services, and establishes that we are committed to protecting your privacy.
The use of information processed through our Service shall be limited to performing the tasks that you configure on this Platform.
This Policy must be read in conjunction with our Terms and Conditions of Use.

 1.
What information we collect.
1.1 Information customers provide to us
 When you create an account on our Platform, contact our Customer Support Service, or communicate with us in any other way, you are voluntarily providing personal data that lets us know who you are.
That information may include your name, email address, company name, URL, location, phone number, and billing information.
In addition, you must provide certain information to perform tasks that you configure.
That information may include your customer's name, purchases, email address, location, telephone number, billing information, and billing address.

 1.2 Information collected automatically through our Services and third-party platforms 
 When you use the Services, we may collect certain information automatically in order to perform tasks that you configure.
That information may include your customer's name, email address, location, phone number, products added to the shopping cart, purchases, billing information, and billing address.
As well as information regarding the performance of the Services, including metrics related to the deliverability of emails and other information we receive from third-party platforms with the purpose of performing tasks that you configure in our Platform.

 1.7 Cookies and Tracking.

 When you use our Services, We may collect and store information automatically about your device and your use of the Services via cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies.
This allows us to measure the performance of tasks you configure on our Platform, and to provide analytics information and guarantee the correct functioning of our Services.
 2.
Use of information.
 2.1 Purpose and Use of information 
 The information you provide to us, and the one collected automatically during the function of our services shall be limited to performing the Services offered through our Platform.
Accordingly, your information will be used to: 

Provide, operate, optimize and maintain the Services.
Deal with customer inquiries and support requests.
Provide information and access to resources and services.
Manage the Platform, system administration, and security.
Process and complete transactions.
Provide statistics about the operation and use of the Services.
Send technical alerts, reports, updates, security notifications and other service-related communications.
Investigate and prevent fraud, unauthorized access or use of Services, breaches of Terms and Policies, and other wrongful behavior.
 2.2 Storage and processing of information  We use strict security procedures to keep information safe in compliance with standard security requirements, and use only providers that are in compliance with security and privacy Requirements, including GDRP Requirements.

 Here are the links to our providers in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

 Amazon web services (https://aws.amazon.com/es/compliance/gdpr-center/) 
 Stitch data (https://www.stitchdata.com/platform/security/) 
 Heroku (https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/security-privacy-compliance) 
 Mailgun (https://www.mailgun.com/privacy-policy) 
 Sendgrid (https://sendgrid.com/policies/privacy/services-privacy-policy/) 
 While you use our services, we will retain the information that is collected in order to grant our services.
If you remove our services or cancel your subscription, we will delete your mailing lists and sensitive data.
But note that: (1) it may be stored for some time on our servers and storage backup (2) we may withhold this information if necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or exercise our agreements.

 It is your responsibility to include Terms of Service and Privacy Policies related to the use of this Platform.



 If you have any questions or concerns regarding the use of your personal information through our Services, please contact us by sending an email to support@chilliapps.com 
 Packages may be delivered to us to our postal address: 5256 S.
Mission Road, Suite 703-5034, Bonsall, CA 92003.
 × Log in  Select app  Abandonment Protector Upsellkit Sign in  Welcome back!  Sign in Sign in  Welcome back!  Sign in × Start 30-day free trial  Select app  Abandonment Protector Upsellkit Start FREE trial  You are installing 

 Abandonment Protector 
 Get started  By installing our App, you acknowledge that you have read and agreed to the Terms of service and Privacy Policy. Start FREE trial  You are installing 

 Upsellkit 
 Get started  By installing our App, you acknowledge that you have read and agreed to the Terms of service and Privacy Policy. × Support Do you have a question? Send 



Your message has been sent.
You will receive a response shortly.

 Contact us Terms &amp.
Conditions | Privacy Policy | Delete my information 
      