
        Cookie PolicyEffective October 7, 2020This document informs Users about the technologies that help this Application to achieve the purposes described below.
Such technologies allow the Owner to access and store information (for example by using a Cookie) or use resources (for example by running a script) on a User’s device as they interact with this Application.
For simplicity, all such technologies are defined as "Trackers" within this document – unless there is a reason to differentiate.For example, while Cookies can be used on both web and mobile browsers, it would be inaccurate to talk about Cookies in the context of mobile apps as they are a browser-based Tracker.
For this reason, within this document, the term Cookies is only used where it is specifically meant to indicate that particular type of Tracker.
Some of the purposes for which Trackers are used may also require the User's consent.
Whenever consent is given, it can be freely withdrawn at any time following the instructions provided in this document.
This Application uses Trackers managed directly by the Owner (so-called “first-party” Trackers) and Trackers that enable services provided by a third-party (so-called “third-party” Trackers).
Unless otherwise specified within this document, third-party providers may access the Trackers managed by them.The validity and expiration periods of Cookies and other similar Trackers may vary depending on the lifetime set by the Owner or the relevant provider.
Some of them expire upon termination of the User’s browsing session.In addition to what’s specified in the descriptions within each of the categories below, Users may find more precise and updated information regarding lifetime specification as well as any other relevant information – such as the presence of other Trackers - in the linked privacy policies of the respective third-party providers or by contacting the Owner.
To find more information dedicated to Californian consumers and their privacy rights, Users mayread the privacy policyActivities strictly necessary for the operation of this Application and delivery of the Service This Application uses so-called “technical” Cookies and other similar Trackers to carry out activities that are strictly necessary for the operation or delivery of the Service.Other activities involving the use of TrackersMeasurement This Application uses Trackers to measure traffic and analyze User behavior with the goal of improving the Service.

Analytics Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.

Google Analytics (Google LLC) Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google LLC (“Google”).
Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Place of processing: United States –Privacy Policy - Opt Out.
Privacy Shield participant.

MixPanel (MixPanel) MixPanel is an analytics service provided by Mixpanel Inc.
Place of processing: United States –Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
Privacy Shield participant.
How to manage preferences and provide or withdraw consentThere are various ways to manage Tracker related preferences and to provide and withdraw consent, where relevant: Users can manage preferences related to Trackers from directly within their own device settings, for example, by preventing the use or storage of Trackers.
Additionally, whenever the use of Trackers is based on consent, Users can provide or withdraw such consent by setting their preferences within the cookie notice or by updating such preferences accordingly via the relevant consent-preferences widget, if available.
It is also possible, via relevant browser or device features, to delete previously stored Trackers, including those used to remember the User’s initial consent.
Other Trackers in the browser’s local memory may be cleared by deleting the browsing history.
With regard to any third-party Trackers, Users can manage their preferences and withdraw their consent via the related opt-out link (where provided), by using the means indicated in the third party's privacy policy, or by contacting the third party.Locating Tracker SettingsUsers can, for example, find information about how to manage Cookies in the most commonly used browsers at the following addresses:
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Apple Safari
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
Brave
Opera
Users may also manage certain categories of Trackers used on mobile apps by opting out through relevant device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile devices, or tracking settings in general (Users may open the device settings, view and look for the relevant setting).Advertising industry specific opt-outsNotwithstanding the above, Users may follow the instructions provided byYourOnlineChoices (EU), theNetwork Advertising Initiative (US) and theDigital Advertising Alliance (US), DAAC (Canada), DDAI (Japan) or other similar services.
Such initiatives allow Users to select their tracking preferences for most of the advertising tools.
The Owner thus recommends that Users make use of these resources in addition to the information provided in this document.
The Digital Advertising Alliance offers an application calledAppChoices that helps Users to control interest-based advertising on mobile apps.Owner and Data ControllerCinnamon Technologies Inc., 8 The Green STE 4000 Dover, DE 19901 United States Owner contact email: info@cinnamon.video 
Since the use of third-party Trackers through this Application cannot be fully controlled by the Owner, any specific references to third-party Trackers are to be considered indicative.
In order to obtain complete information, Users are kindly requested to consult the privacy policies of the respective third-party services listed in this document.
Given the objective complexity surrounding tracking technologies, Users are encouraged to contact the Owner should they wish to receive any further information on the use of such technologies by this Application.Definitions and legal referencesPersonal Data (or Data)Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.

 Usage DataInformation collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services employed in this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.

Userindividual using this Application who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.

Data Subject The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.

Data Processor (or Data Supervisor) The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.


Data Controller (or Owner) The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application.
The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application.


This Application The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.


Service The service provided by this Application as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.


European Union (or EU) Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.


Cookie Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser.


Tracker Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device.


Legal information
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations, including Art.
13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).
This privacy policy relates solely to this Application, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Latest update: October 07, 2020
