
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application Cirkled In (“Application”) on any platform: website, mobile, tablet or any other device or applications.
Cirkled In provides a digital platform for you to capture information that you upload about your or your kids’ life achievements while connecting and collaborating with like-minded parents and teachers.
Application Services also includes connecting students with best-fit opportunities including but not limited to higher education institutions, employers, nonprofit organizations etc. What Service does Cirkled In Provide? Cirkled In provides an online profile and portfolio platform for students to compile all their activities and accomplishments, both inside and outside school.
Students can upload all sorts of media files, take recommendations from other people and showcase themselves with a holistic profile and portfolio.
Students can share the profile with anyone they like.
If students’ school or any other organization they are connected with, are using Cirkled In, the staff and contractors of that organization can also view students profile.
Cirkled In also connects students with the best-fit opportunities including not limited to higher education institutions, scholarship providers, employers etc. What information does the Application obtain and how is it used? User Provided Information The Application obtains the information you provide when you download, register or use the Application.
This includes an email address, name, address, phone number of users for whom accounts are being created.
In addition, all the data that you enter in a profile is obtained by the application.
In addition, if you send email invitations to friends or teachers, those email addresses are also collected. Automatically Collected Information In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, information relating to your device(s), including your device model, operating system, browser type, unique device identifier, IP address, device internet browser, mobile phone number, mobile network carrier, location and information about the way you use the Application.
We will also use cookies and web beacons (pixel tags, and/or other similar technologies) to collect user and visitor information. Information from Other Sources: If an organization with which user is connected to, including but not limited to a school, nonprofit organization, higher education institution etc., also uses Cirkled In, staff or contractors of those organizations may provide data/ information on student’ profile, including but not limited to education records, recommendations, grades, assessments etc.
We may also obtain information, including personally identifiable information, from third parties and sources other than the Service, such as our partners or other service providers, according to their own policies and terms of use.
We may also, at your direction, receive information from third party services that provide a mechanism to expose information you have provided to such third parties through the use of an application program interface (API), such as Facebook Connect or the Twitter API.
If we combine or associate information from other sources with personally identifiable information that we collect through the Service, we will treat the combined information as personally identifiable information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Do third parties see and/ or have access to information obtained by the Application? If an organization with which user is connected to, including but not limited to a school, nonprofit organization, higher education institution etc., also uses Cirkled In, staff or contractors of those organizations may provide data/ information on student’ profile, including but not limited to education records, recommendations, grades, assessments etc.
We may also work with third party service providers to monitor the Application for purposes as reporting traffic and other advertising statistics.
Where authorized by us, these third party providers may use cookies and/or other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous statistics about our visitors.
This information is collected directly by the third party.
Information collected by third parties in this manner is subject to that third party's own data collection, use, and disclosure policies. We may disclose User Information: Any information that you voluntarily choose to include in a publicly accessible area of the Application, such as a public profile page, will be available to anyone who has access to that content, including other users.
As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process.
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
If Cirkled In is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
Any information in your account can be used and shared to fulfill our promise of service to you such connecting you to various opportunities including not limited to higher education institutions, scholarship providers, employers etc. What are my opt-out rights? You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by deleting your profile and account from the application. Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter.
We may retain Automatically Collected information in perpetuity and may store it in aggregate. Children We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the ”Minimum Age” (defined below).
To use the Application, (1) you must be the “Minimum Age” (defined below) or older or have parent’s or guardian’s consent to use the application and your registration and your use of the Application must be in compliance with any and all applicable laws and regulations.
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at help@cirkledin.com.
We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
“Minimum Age” means (a) 18 years old for the People's Republic of China, (b) 16 years old for the Netherlands, (c) 14 years old for the United States, Canada, Germany, Spain, Australia and South Korea, and (d) 13 years old for all other countries.
However, if law requires that you must be older in order for Cirkled In to lawfully provide the Services to you (including the collection, storage and use of your information) then the Minimum Age is such older age.
The Application is not for use by anyone under the age of 13. Security We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information.
We take privacy and security seriously and have enabled HTTPS access to our site.
We provide physical, technical, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain.

For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees, contractors and service providers who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application.
Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches. Changes This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason.
We will post any changes to our Privacy Policy at https://www.cirkledin.com/privacy-policy/ You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use of the Application and Services is deemed approval of all changes.
You can check the most recent version of this policy at https://www.cirkledin.com/privacy-policy/. Your Consent By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us.
“Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the WA.
If you reside outside the WA your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under WA privacy standards. Contact Us If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at help@cirkledin.com
