

+49 89 413 261 65
info@cirrantic.com 
















 Search for: 
EN
 Search for: 
Products
References
Resources
About
Contact
 Contact Terms and conditions CIRRANTiC Terms and conditions General information
One of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors.
This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by KeyDesign and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email at Incubator.
An example of a privacy policy can be found at buyproxies.io.
Log files
KeyDesign follows a standard procedure of using log files.
These files log visitors when they visit websites.
All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics.
The information collected by log files include:

internet protocol (IP) addresses
browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP)
date and time stamp, referring/exit pages
possibly the number of clicks

Privacy policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of Incubator.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on Incubator, which are sent directly to users’ browser.
They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs.
These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that KeyDesign has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third party policies
Incubator’s Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites.
Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information.
It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.
You may find a complete list of these Privacy Policies and their links here: Privacy Policy Links.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options.
To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
What Are Cookies?
Children Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet.
We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
Incubator does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13.
If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we h3ly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online privacy
This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in KeyDesign.
This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
Update
This Privacy Policy was last updated on May 20, 2016.
If there will be any update, amendment, or changes to our Privacy Policy then these will be posted on this page.

Products
References
Resources
About
Contact


Imprint
Data Security and Privacy
Terms and conditions
 Think of CIRRANTiC electric mobility charging shared connected car intermodal platform smart data content enriched reliable confidence interactive green energy newmobility interactive integrated open flexible voice brand marketing awareness quality trust secure transparent surprising predictive forecast grid power demand solar wind renewable recharge battery
… it’s just cirrantic! Cirrantic.
All rights reserved.

 Let's get in touch Give us a call or drop by anytime, we endeavour to answer all enquiries within 24 hours on business days.

 +49 89 413 261 65 
 info@cirrantic.com 

























 × Contact Fill in the form below or give us a call and we'll contact you.
We endeavour to answer all enquiries within 24 hours on business days.

 +49 89 413 261 65 
 info@cirrantic.com 

























 × 
      