
         Login  &nbsp.
Donate 


About
Projects
Protocols
Partners
Features
Maps
Data
Blog
 Privacy Policy
Categories of Information  The CitSci.org staff collects and maintains a master list of all CitSci.org members.
This list includes information about member names, emails, and 
optional
 information such as phone, address, and member preferences that each member selects such as whether or not they wish to receive our monthly e-newsletter.
Additionally, CitSci.org collects data that are submitted by its members such as species occurrences, site characteristics of any sort, and other data as specified by project managers for volunteers to submit.

Use and Disclosure of Information  As a policy, the names, emails, and addresses of all CitSci.org participants 
are not shared or made public
 for any reason, with the following exceptions: (1) project coordinators are provided access to their project participant names and emails so that they may communicate with their project participants on an as-needed basis, (2) the master participant list may be shared with the CitSci.org staff for internal programmatic research purposes, and (3) the names of individual contributors of observations may be listed in an effort to applaud and recognize the hard work and dedication of those participating in CitSci.org projects.
This may include listing the name of the volunteer who submitted an observation and/or the sharing of data and/or pictures submitted by volunteers as per our data use policy.
Such sharing is solely for the purpose of management and operations of CitSci.org and CitSci.org projects.
Sharing of this information is only to support the CitSci.org mission of empowering the efforts of citizen science projects and their volunteers.
Subscription to our e-newsletter is voluntary and entirely up to each participant.
Other than the uses listed above, we do not share, sell, rent, or lease any of your specific personal information including name, phone, address, email, with anyone.

Collaboration and Data Sharing  As a policy, CitSci.org shares the names and emails of 
project managers only
, and essential project metadata such as title, description, purpose, goals, topics, participant tasks, image and profile URLs, and keywords with SciStarter for all projects created on CitSci.org.
This sharing of basic project information across databases facilitates the broader understanding about citizen science globally.
However, SciStarter 
shall not share this information with anyone, for any purpose
 except as in accordance with their privacy policy and shall display this information 
only if you opt-in
 and signify that you wish for this information to be displayed publically on SciStarter to help recruit participants and advance science and research.
We default this option to '
do not publish on SciStarter
' unless you 
opt-in
 for this free service.

Additional Policies  We disclose your information to third parties only as reasonably required to protect the rights and safety of our members, our organization, our employees, and users as you expressly permit and as required by law.
We may transfer your information in the event of a merger, consolidation or acquisition.
However, in such event, any acquirer will be subject to the provisions of our commitments to you and this privacy policy.

Email Communication From CitSci.org  We may send you periodic information via email which we feel may be of interest to you only if you 
opt-in
 for such email.
We do not share your personal information with any third parties in connection with our email communications.
Please note that we may use a third party service provider to administer email lists.
Any such provider may not use your email information for any purpose other than in connection with providing and monitoring our email alerts to you.

Notification of changes  Any changes in our Privacy Policy will be posted to this website and will become effective as of the date of posting with respect to information we then collect in the future, but will not be changed with respect to information that we have then already collected.
It is and will be your responsibility to review our Privacy Policy from time to time to make sure you are aware of any changes.
We urge you to review this privacy policy on an ongoing basis to make sure you are aware of any and all changes which may have been made.
However, we will do our best to notify you of such changes via our email communication channels.

 Please contact us with any questions you may have regarding this privacy policy.









About Us
About
Mission
Staff
Partners
Acknowledgments


Services
Platform
Portals
Integrations
Apps
Consulting


Features
Create Projects
Manage Members
Build Datasheets
Analyze Data
Evaluate Success


Developers
APIs
Widgets
Mobile Apps
Architecture
PPSR_CORE


Help
Newsletter
Webinars
Links
Blog
Contact Us
 CitSci.org data are licensed under a CC-BY 3.0 License.
Please see our Terms and Privacy for further details.

      