
         PRIVACY POLICY Privacy matters but it can be confusing.
This page explains our approach to privacy on our website and how it affects you.
Short version
We collect anonymous statistics about your visit to our website, like which of our pages you viewed.
If you sign up with us we take great care to keep your information safe and we’ll never share it with others without your express permission.
We never share your data with 3rd parties except to help us deliver our own services.
These are just the key points.
If you need detail, keep reading.
Measuring our visitors
We measure visitors to our websites and products using Google Analytics.
This service records what pages you view within our site, how you arrived at our site and some basic information about your computer.
We anonymise the data in Google Analytics – so we don’t know who you are.
just that somebody visited our site.
The information we collect helps us understand what parts of our sites are doing well, how people arrive at our site and so on.
Like most websites, we use this information to make our website better.
You can learn more about Google Analytics or opt out if you wish.
Google Analytics data is automatically deleted 26 months after your last visit.
Support
If you email our technical support, Your email address, name and any other information contained in your message to us will be stored by us.
If you sign up for a service When you sign up for or use any of our services – paid or otherwise – we will record specific personal information about you, such as your name and email address.

We will also collect and store information about your use of our services so as to improve them.
For example, we keep a log of what features are being used at any time.
We also log account and transaction history for accounting purposes, and to monitor our business activities.
Any data you provide us with is securely stored in databases managed by us, and hosted by DonDomino.
DonDomino does not have access to your data.
We delete your data from our servers 12 months after you terminate your service with us.
We may retain some information where it is legally necessary (e.g.
for accounting reasons).
If you wish for us to delete your personal data sooner, please email us at support@clapperboard.eu.
Improving your experience
Our services record your activity while using our products so that we can analyse the experience of our users and diagnose problems.
Sensitive data, such as passwords and payment details, are obscured from the recordings.
You can opt-out to the use of these services across all apps, please email us at support@clapperboard.eu.
Emails
We may send you email notifications regarding your service (such as invoices) or which you have specifically requested (such as newsletters or notifications when a report is completed).
You have the ability to opt out of any of this communication at any time.
We will never provide your personal information or email address to any third parties except where they are specifically employed to help deliver our own services, as detailed above.
Paying for our services We use Paypal to bill for all our products online.
When paying by credit card, Clapperboard themselves do not ever have any access to your credit card details.
We share information with our payment providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing payments you make via our website.

Internal communication
We use Slack &amp.
OneDrive for internal communication relating to sales and support of our products.
In order to fulfil their duties, our staff may use these services to share basic contact details with colleagues, such as your name and email address.
In all cases, our staff treat your data with care and abide by our data protection policies.
Security
Clapperboard take many precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
These precautions include:
Use of SSL encryption for sensitive data
Hardware stored in secured data centers behind firewalls
All access to information restricted by password and/or secure key
Restrictions to what information can be accessed via any location
Whilst we take great care to ensure any confidential information remains protected we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the Internet.
Of course you are responsible for keeping your password and user details confidential.
Nobody at Clapperboard will ever ask you for your password, so please don’t trust anybody asking you for it.
Updates to this policy
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time, particularly as technology changes.
You can always check this page for the latest version.
We may also notify you of changes to our privacy policy by email.
Any questions?
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or your personal data, please write to us by email to support@clapperboard.eu or by post to Clapperboard, Apt 114, Paraje de Oscayar, Tabernas 04200 Almeria, España.


