
         TERMS &amp.
CONDITIONS This website is the property of CLAPPERBOARD, and was created for information purposes and for personal use.
Using and accessing this website implies knowledge and unreserved acceptance of the terms described below.
1.
Ownership of the website
The domain name www.p3ambiental.es is registered to Julian Alexander Phillips, NIE - Y03000870M, Apartado 114, Paraje de Oscayar, 13, 04200 Tabernas, Almería, España.
For the purposes of this legal notice, CLAPPERBOARD is headquartered in Apartado 114, Paraje de Oscayar, 13, 04200 Tabernas, Almería, España.
You can contact us at said address.
2.
Terms and Conditions of Use
The user accesses this website voluntarily.
Accessing and browsing this website implies accepting and knowing the legal notices and the conditions and terms specified therein.
Merely accessing the site does not imply the existence of any type of business relationship between CLAPPERBOARD and the user.
The terms of this Legal Notice are subject to change of any type and may be revised and/or updated as deemed necessary by CLAPPERBOARD, which may adapt them to comply with any regulatory and/or technical changes that may take place.
The modifications will take effect as soon as they are published on this page.
This Legal Notice is applicable only to the information contained on this website.
It is not applicable to the contents and/or services present or offered on websites accessed or linked to from the CLAPPERBOARD website.
3.
Intellectual and Industrial Property
This website and its contents are protected by applicable laws on intellectual and industrial property.
You may not modify, copy, reproduce, download, transmit, distribute or transform the contents of this website without the consent of the corresponding copyright holder or if it is not legally permitted.
Accessing this website does not give users any ownership claim over the intellectual property rights of its contents or of the website itself.
Reproducing, distributing, publicly communicating or transforming all or part of the contents and/or of the website, either for free or for payment, is expressly prohibited.
The above notwithstanding, for those works for which CLAPPERBOARD is the copyright holder, you may see, copy and print the documents and information contained on this website as long as:
They are used citing the source and the author or holder of the copyright or explanatory notes on intellectual property, whenever these are known.
They are not modified, altered, transformed or distorted.
They are not copied or distributed out of context or for unintended purposes.
Any use not in compliance with these conditions is not authorized by CLAPPERBOARD and is expressly prohibited.
Likewise any brands, trademarks, logos and other distinctive features that are or may be contained on this website are the property of CLAPPERBOARD or the relevant third party and are protected by applicable industrial property laws.
The use and exploitation of said trademarks is prohibited.
The above notwithstanding, CLAPPERBOARD allows the use of trademarked symbols for which it owns the usage rights as long as it is done for reference purposes only and CLAPPERBOARD is cited as the owner of the trademark(s).
Third party trademarks contained on this website may be registered by the respective owners and be protected by applicable laws.
In any event, users should determine their status and, when applicable, request permission before using them.
4.
Contents and disclaimer
CLAPPERBOARD reviews the information and data exhibited on this website but does not guarantee their accuracy, as they may be incorrect or incomplete.
CLAPPERBOARD enjoys the trust of many clients and engages in rigorous and professional work.
We want the information and data published on this website to be useful, but we cannot be held responsible for any consequences arising from their interpretation or use.
CLAPPERBOARD does not guarantee uninterrupted or error-free access to this website.
In no event shall CLAPPERBOARD be responsible for damage of any kind arising from the access and/or use of this website.
CLAPPERBOARD also cannot guarantee that the website is free from viruses or other elements that may be harmful to a user’s computer equipment and shall not be liable for any damage that any such elements may cause.
CLAPPERBOARD offers links to outside websites for information purposes.
These links do not constitute an invitation to contract the products and/or services that may be offered on the linked website.
CLAPPERBOARD is not responsible for the content of linked websites and shall not be liable for any damage or loss arising from the use of any content, product or service that is available on said websites.
CLAPPERBOARD is also not responsible for the opinions of third parties that may be accessed through links offered on this website.
CLAPPERBOARD does not guarantee the proper operation of links to other websites.
5.
Privacy and Data Protection Policy
Pursuant to the stipulations of Organic Law 15/1999 of 13 December on the protection of personal information, CLAPPERBOARD informs the users of this website that any personal information provided will become part of a computer file that is the property and responsibility of CLAPPERBOARD, the purpose of which is to be able to attend to and properly process and requests made through the electronic forms located on the website, as well as to provide you with information on the products and/or services offered by CLAPPERBOARD through any means (E-mail, SMS, etc.).
Your personal information is treated with the utmost privacy.
CLAPPERBOARD, which is responsible for the file, has taken the technical and organizational measures needed to ensure the confidentiality and security of any personal information so that it is not altered, lost or improperly accessed or processed.
CLAPPERBOARD stores the data that users provide when making a query or request using the “Contact” form, some of which are needed in order to properly process said queries or requests.
The user is informed of the need to supply said information, and that an e-mail address is needed in order to respond to the query.
Likewise, as regards the personal information gathered pursuant to this Privacy Policy, users are informed that they have the right to access, amend, delete and challenge their personal information.
They may exercise this right either directly or through a representative by sending a written and signed request, along with proof of identity, to the following address: CLAPPERBOARD, Apartado 114, Paraje de Oscayar, 13, 04200 Tabernas, Almería, España.
6.
Applicable laws and jurisdiction
The terms and conditions that regulate this website, as well as any matters that may arise in connection with it, are protected by and subject to Spanish law.
Any claim, litigation or conflict that may arise between the user and CLAPPERBOARD due to the use of this website shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts and tribunals of the city of Madrid.

