
         Hi there! We use cookies to give you the best online experience.
For details, see our Cookie Policy.
Disagree Agree 

Product.

 Product overview 
 Mobile security 
 Clario on web 
 Digital security experts 
 Clario VPN 


 Pricing.


About.

 About us 
 FAQ 
 Contact 


 Blog.

 Log in.
 Download Clario  Download Clario Cookie Policy Updated: 26.02.2021

 Your Cookies 


 We want to be completely clear and transparent with you about what we do with the data you provide us, so below you can find out: 


 What cookies are Which cookies we use When we use them Why we use them How you can control how they get used 

 This Cookie Policy clearly outlines the use of cookies by Clario Tech DMCC, located at Unit No: 3005-D6, Swiss Tower, Plot No: JLT-PH2-Y3A, Jumeirah Lakes Towers, Dubai, UAE (“Clario” or “Company”).
By continuing to browse our https://clario.co (“Website”), you signify that you understand and agree to the use of these technologies, as described in this policy as well as with our Privacy Notice.
You do not have to accept cookies and consent can be withdrawn at any time (see How to control the use of cookies, below).

 None of our cookies can be used to identify you personally.
This means cookies don’t store your location, email address or IP address.
They are just used to help make our website better for you.
For further information, visit http://aboutcookies.org.
This policy contains relevant information about our use of cookies, why we use cookies, and what are your rights.

 What are cookies? 
 A cookie is a small text file that gets saved on your device when you visit our website.
It allows the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as browser language, font size, and other display preferences) over time.
This information improves website performance and helps us to optimise our website on an ongoing basis.

 Modern web browsers support cookies, and a majority of websites use them too.
Note that you can always manage your browser settings to block certain cookies or indicate when a cookie is being used.
However, when adjusting cookie settings, remember that some website elements and features may malfunction without the use of cookies.

 When do we use cookies? 
 We use cookies every time you browse our official website https://clario.co/, as well as our other web resources.

 Which types of cookies do we use? 
1.
Functional Cookies (although they use the other kind to reward us for hard work).
We use these Functional Cookies to enable website functionality and provide access to website features.
These cookies do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing purposes and do not remember where you have been on the internet.
You may disable them by changing your browser settings, but this may affect the website functions. Cookie Name Source Expiry Purpose consent Clario 1 year To understand the user’s decision on cookies enablement.
country 6 months To understand the country the user has come from and language to use on the website.
globalAffid To understand who visits our website.
This cookie stores your internet browser and device information.
JSESS 24 hours To authorize the user to login into Account or Company’s Products.
2.Analytics Cookies.
 We use Hotjar and Google Analytics to improve our website by collecting and reporting information on how you use it which enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback.
These cookies collect information in a way that does not directly identify anyone.
We will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user.
 Cookie Name Source Expiry Purpose _ga Google Analytics 365 Days To understand our website usage, and help us optimize our website by collecting and analyzing data about the behavior of visitors to our website (e.g.
which website a person came from, which subpages were visited, or how often or for what duration a subpage was viewed).
_git _hjid Hotjar To better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience (e.g.
how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.).
For further details, please see Hotjar’s privacy policy by clicking on this link.
3.
Marketing Cookies.
 We use these cookies to evaluate our marketing campaigns and provide better targeting for marketing.
By learning your preferences, these cookies enable us to display ads tailored to you and simplify your browsing experience.
Alternatively, these cookies are also used to limit the number of times you see a specific advertisement or even to stop showing ads you have already seen.
These cookies may include the following ones:  Cookie Name Source Expiry Purpose _gcl_au Google Ads 3 months Experiment with advertisement efficiency across websites.
ads/ga-audiences Re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites.
_fbp Facebook Deliver our advertising to those who visited our website when they are on Facebook or a digital platform powered by Facebook Advertising.
4.
Third party cookies.
 Third-party cookies are cookies set by a party other than Clario, like our business partners or service providers, for purposes such as collecting information on user behavior or personalized marketing.
When using our website, you may encounter embedded content, such as YouTube videos, which may use their own cookies managed by related third-party.
We can neither access nor control such third-party cookies.

 How to control the use of cookies? 
 If you do not want to accept cookies or store them on your device anymore, there are several ways how you can control your use of cookies: 

 Go to your browser settings.
There you can manage your cookie preferences or delete all the cookies stored.
For step-by-step instructions, please visit aboutcookies.org/how-to-control-cookies/.
Find out how to manage cookies on the most popular browsers:

Google Chrome
Microsoft Edge
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Opera
Apple Safari


Learn more how to opt-out from Hotjar’s use of tracking cookies by following this opt-out link - https://www.hotjar.com/legal/compliance/opt-out 
Learn more how you can opt-out from Google Analytics’s use of tracking cookies by following this opt-out link - https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Learn more about how you can opt-out from Google Ads across all domains - https://safety.google/privacy/privacy-controls/ 
Learn more about Facebook opt-out - https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/ 

 Changes to the Cookie Policy 
 We may update this policy from time to time.
If we make significant changes, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make.
You can see when this policy was last updated by checking the “updated” date displayed at the top of this policy.

 Questions 
 If you have any questions about how we use cookies, please contact us by email to hello@weareclario.com.


 Privacy Policy 
 Cookie Policy 
 EULA 
 Privacy Notice 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Refund Policy 

© 2021 Clario Tech DMCC.
All rights reserved. We’d like to stay in touch.
 We’ve got something special to share! Enter your contact details below to be among the first to find out about the exciting changes we’ve got in the works as well as to receive special promotions.
 I agree to receive news, updates, and marketing offers.
Read more in Privacy Notice. Subscribe This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
ReCaptcha verification failed Message successfully sent.
We’ll get back to you ASAP! Connection error, please reload the page! 


Live Chat Connected to Agent Chat is paused.
Send new message to continue Live Chat.
Agent is typing 
      