
         Hi there! We use cookies to give you the best online experience.
For details, see our Cookie Policy.
Disagree Agree 

Product.

 Product overview 
 Mobile security 
 Clario on web 
 Digital security experts 
 Clario VPN 


 Pricing.


About.

 About us 
 FAQ 
 Contact 


 Blog.

 Log in.
 Download Clario  Download Clario Refund Policy You’re going to love Clario.
But if you don’t, no worries.
Clario offers a 30-day money-back guarantee! You have 30 days from the day your first payment went through to request a refund.
This 30-day-money-back guarantee applies to Clario consumer products purchased using the following methods:

Online purchase via the Clario website
Purchase via Google Play.
 IMPORTANT Your refund eligibility may differ if purchased from or billed through a third party (e.g.
App Store, a service provider, a reseller, etc.).
To review your offer terms and for more information please contact your service provider or reseller directly or refer to App Store's refund policy here. How can I get a refund? You can send an email to hello@weareclario.com or talk to us through live chat. How long does it take to receive my refund? Once we receive your request, generally, you can expect it to appear in your account after 10 business days. Can I get a refund after 30 days? No, a full money-back refund is only available within the first 30 days of your subscription.
We’re sorry, but Clario does not provide partial refunds.
However, if you experience technical issues with Clario, you can contact us via email or live chat. Where can I find out more about your refund policy? Please contact our Customer Support if you have questions about requesting a refund.
We are available 24/7 to give you assistance. What happens after I have received my refund? Once you receive your refund, your access to Clario is stopped. Message successfully sent.
We’ll get back to you ASAP! Connection error, please reload the page! 


 Privacy Policy 
 Cookie Policy 
 EULA 
 Privacy Notice 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Refund Policy 

© 2021 Clario Tech DMCC.
All rights reserved. We’d like to stay in touch.
 We’ve got something special to share! Enter your contact details below to be among the first to find out about the exciting changes we’ve got in the works as well as to receive special promotions.
 I agree to receive news, updates, and marketing offers.
Read more in Privacy Notice. Subscribe This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
ReCaptcha verification failed Message successfully sent.
We’ll get back to you ASAP! Connection error, please reload the page! 


Live Chat Connected to Agent Chat is paused.
Send new message to continue Live Chat.
Agent is typing 
      