
         CleanItSupply.com's Privacy Policy CleanItSupply.com respects your privacy.
We respect the privacy of visitors to our website and the privacy of our customers.
We take your privacy seriously.
We never sell or rent your personal information.
We will only collect, store and use your personal information for defined purposes. Currently, we would collect personal information for the following reasons Product Purchase We will use your information ONLY to process and ship your order. Site Registration We will collect and store your personal information should you choose to register with our site for the sole purpose of improving your shopping experience with CleanItSupply.com. Promotional Material/Specials We will use your information ONLY to email you promotions/specials that we may be offering from time to time of which you can choose to opt-out of these newsletters. We would/will collect the following kinds of information Your name, address, email address, password, phone number(s), credit card number and/or billing information.
This information is used ONLY to process your order, debit your credit card for payment and ship your order.
We will not make personal information available to outside organizations, except for organizations that work with us on CleanItSupply.com promotions.
In such case, such personal information is used only for purposes related to the administration of the promotions.
When requested, we will remove a person from our email list or mailing list.
Agents or contractors of CleanItSupply.com, such as Verisign our credit card processor, who have access to your personal information and prospect information are required to keep the information confidential and not use it for any other purpose than to carry out the services they are performing for CleanItSupply.com. Consent and Changes to the Privacy Policy By using the CleanItSupply.com web site, you consent to the collection and use of your information as we have outlined in this policy.
CleanItSupply.com, Inc.
may decide to change this Privacy Policy from time to time.
When we do, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Use of Browser Cookies We use cookies to help us deliver customized visitor experiences.
We primarily use "cookies" to help us determine which information is appropriate to your computer and to maintain your shopping experience.
We might be able to determine what type of computer you are using, but beyond that, our use of cookies is designed only to provide you with a better web visit.
Privacy Statement Effective Date: December 15, 2005
