
CleanCut Privacy Policy

1.
Our Commitment to Privacy

We, Safeway Safety Step LLC doing business as CleanCut, being the owner and operator of the cleancutbath.com website, respect the privacy of your information.
This website is referred to in this Privacy Policy as “our website” or “our site”.
We provide this explanation about our online information practices as a show of our commitment to protect your privacy.
We do not sell or rent personally-identifying information collected during your use of our website without your permission.
In accordance with this Privacy Policy or otherwise upon notification to you at the time of data collection or transfer, we may share your personally-identifying information with a third party.
You will always have the option of not permitting the transfer by not using the particular services for which the information is collected or shared.

2.
The Information We Collect

At the time you register on our site or otherwise provide information to us through our site, we may collect and store your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and other personally-identifying information.
The user information we collect is categorized as follows:
* Application Information — information that you provide to us through our website and through other means.
Examples include your email address, mailing address, including zip code, and phone number.
* Transaction and Experience Information — information about your transactions with us, as well as information about our communications with you.
Examples include your account history, requests for information, and our responses.
We need this information to provide goods and services that you request from our website and to let you know of additional goods and services about which you might be interested.
We also use this information to customize your experience using our website.
We may also share the information we collect about you with third parties from one or more of the following categories, but only to the extent authorized by you, necessary to provide the goods or services you request, or as required by law.
* Social Media Companies
* Retailers
* Credit Card Companies
* Payment Processor Companies
* Banks
* Government Agencies
We may ask you for personally-identifying information at other times, such as if you enter into a promotion, post information, register for a forum, complete a survey, or otherwise communicate with us.
If you opt-in to receive information regarding a promotion or other service offered by a third party, you give us your permission to share your name and email address with the third party offering the promotion or other service.
In addition, we automatically gather general statistical information about our website and visitors, such as IP addresses, browsers, pages viewed, number of visitors, goods and services purchased, etc., but in doing so we do not reference you by individual name, email address, home address, or telephone number.
We use this data in the aggregate to determine how much our users use parts of our site so we can improve our site.
We may provide this statistical information to third parties, but when we do so we do not provide personally-identifying information without your permission.
As part of our service, we use cookies and beacons to store and sometimes track information about you.
Some features of our site may be available only through the use of a cookie.
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
A beacon is a transparent graphic image placed on our website to monitor the behavior of a visitor to our website.
Generally, we use cookies to remind us who you are and enable us to access your account information so you do not have to re-enter it.
We use cookies and beacons to gather statistical information about usage by registered or unregistered users to research visiting patterns and to help target advertisements based on user interests.
assist our retail partners track visits and process orders.
and track progress and participation in promotions and other services.
Preference and options configurations in your browser determine if and how a cookie or beacon will be accepted.
You can change those configurations on your computer if you desire.
By changing your preferences, you can accept all cookies, you can be notified when a cookie is sent, or you can reject all cookies.
If you do so and cookies are disabled, you may be required to re-enter your information more often and certain features of our site may be unavailable.
Disabling cookies will also prevent beacons from tracking your unique information when visiting our website.
In addition, our retail partners, advertisers, and other third parties appearing at our site or linked to our site may use their own cookies and beacons and may collect personally-identifiable information, including credit card information, in connection with your use of their websites.
The privacy policy of such third parties may differ from ours.
We encourage you to read the third party’s privacy policy before responding to the offer to determine how the personally-identifiable information is used by that third party.
Our site does not engage in the collection of personally identifiable information from users across third-party websites or third-party online services or applications, except as specified by you when you elect to register and login to our site, via certain third-party sites or applications, such as, for example, Google+, Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram.
Aside from the foregoing, we do not knowingly enable other parties to collect personally identifiable information about our users’ activities over time and across different sites, applications, or services.
If your browser or similar mechanism gives our site a “do not track” signal, our site will make commercially reasonable attempts to honor your settings (although we still may deliver and use cookies and other tracking technologies for non-marketing purposes).
However, we do not make any promises or guarantees about the effects of any “do not track” choice that you may make because: (a) such nuanced treatment is not necessarily available or effective for all browsers, mechanisms, or tracking technologies, and our commercially reasonable attempts to honor your settings might not be effective to preclude tracking or behavioral advertising at all or over any particular period of time.
(b) third parties may not honor your settings or our policies and may use cookies or other tracking technologies for behavioral advertising despite our commercially reasonable attempts to prevent them from doing so.
and (c) tracking technologies, browsers, and access devices may change from time to time and our commercially reasonable attempts might not be effective for each technology or across all platforms.

3.
The Way We Use Information

We use your personally-identifying information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze site usage, to improve our content and product offerings, and to customize our site’s content, layout, and services.
We may use your information to deliver information to you that, in some cases, is targeted to your interests, such as articles, targeted banners, new services, advertisements, and promotions.
You can opt out of receiving this information by so indicating in your registration/preferences file or otherwise notifying us in writing.
We may ask you to provide us voluntarily with additional information regarding your personal or business interests, experience, or requests, which we may use to customize our services for you.
We may use your email address, your mailing address, and phone number to contact you regarding administrative notices and communications relevant to your use of our site.
If you place a request for goods or services, we use your information to deliver your order.
Payments for goods and services ordered from us through our site are handled by a third-party provider.
This provider, as well as other providers, may collect additional information, including billing information, credit card number, expiration date, and security code, and tracking information from checks or money orders.
If you obtain goods or services directly from one of our retail partners or service providers, we may exchange with the vendor personally-identified information about you for purposes of your transaction.
We may also use or disclose information to resolve disputes, investigate problems, or enforce our Website User Agreement (Terms of Use).
At times, we may review the status or activity of multiple users to do so.
We may disclose or access information whenever we believe in good faith that the law so requires or if we otherwise consider it necessary to do so to maintain service and improve our goods and services.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to manage our website, and to enhance our site based on the usage pattern data we receive.

4.
Security

We employ reasonable and current security methods to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure correct use of information.
To use some of our services, you may be required to set up a password-protected account or profile on our website.
We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone.
It is your responsibility to keep your password protected.
Our personnel will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited email.
Remember to sign out of your account, close your browser window, and delete your temporary Internet files when you have finished your session.
This helps ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place where others may have access to it.
Whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online — for example, on message boards or blogs, through email, or in chat areas — that information can be collected and used by others.
No data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be perfectly secure.
As a result, while we try to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.

5.
International Users

Our target geographic market is the United States and Canada.
IF YOU RESIDE OUTSIDE OF THOSE COUNTRIES, DO NOT PROVIDE US WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.
We maintain information in the United States of America and in accordance with the laws of the United States, which may not provide the same level of protection as the laws in your jurisdiction.
By using our website and providing us with information, you understand and agree that your information may be transferred to and stored on servers located outside your resident jurisdiction and, to the extent you are a resident of a country other than the United States, that you consent to the transfer of such data to the United States for processing by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

6.
California Residents – Your California Privacy Rights

California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request from us certain information regarding the disclosure of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes within the immediately preceding calendar year.
A company may also comply with the law by disclosing in its privacy notice that it provides consumers choice (opt-out or opt-in) regarding sharing personal information with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes (as we do), and information on how to exercise that choice.
If you are a California resident and you have questions about our practices with respect to sharing information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes and your ability to exercise choice, please send your request to us via the email address or the mailing address set forth in Section 7.
You must put the statement “Your California Privacy Rights” in the subject field of your email or include it in your writing if you choose to write to us at the designated mailing address.
You must include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code.
We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information.
If you are a California resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of our website, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to request and obtain removal of content that you have publicly posted.
To make such a request, please send an email with a detailed description of the specific content to us via the email address set forth in Section 7.
Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information that you have posted and there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested.

7.
How You Can Update, Correct, or Delete Your Information

You can access the information that we collect online and maintain through normal updating methods.
To update, correct, or delete this information, you can contact us via email at info@cleancutbath.com, by phone at (877) 882-7837, or by mail at 5242 Rialto Road, West Chester, OH 45069, Attention: Chris Stafford.
Your account can be deleted or deactivated, but doing so will result in your not being able to access certain services.
During the normal course of doing business, we will continue to share your information among our business units, our affiliates, and unaffiliated third parties as necessary in order to service your accounts and fill any orders you place with us.

8.
Children Under 13

We have no way of distinguishing the age of individuals who access our website, and so we carry out the same Privacy Policy for individuals of all ages.
If a child has provided us with personally-identifying information without parental or guardian consent, the parent or guardian should contact us to remove the information and opt out of promotional opportunities or other applicable services.

9.
Changes to Our Policy

Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be communicated through our website at least 30 days in advance of its effective date.
Information collected before changes are made will be secured according to the previous Privacy Policy.

10.
Your Consent

By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of this information in the manner described in this Privacy Policy.
LAST UPDATED: December 6, 2018
