
        CliptoDownloadResourcesarrow_drop_downIntegrationsarrow_drop_down
arrow_drop_downPrivacy PolicyLast update: 16/04/2021
Our Policy
Clipto Team (“we” or “us” or “our”) respects the privacy of our users (“user” or “you”).
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you use our web site ("Site" or "Service") or mobile applications ("Application" or "Service").
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.
If you do not agree with the terms of this Policy, please do not access the site and the applications.
Our Promise
You own your data.
We exist to help you get the most out of it.
We want to be transparent in this regard, and we strongly believe in keeping your personal information personal, private and secure.
We will not sell, rent, or otherwise share your personal information to anyone except as required to provide our service or as otherwise outlined in this Policy without first notifying you and providing an opportunity to consent.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number or email address, app usage data, cookies, location information, ip address, device information.
The information that we request will be retained by us, but will not be shared with third parties or used for marketing campaigns.
The Service does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to Privacy Policy of third party service providers used by the Application

Google Play Services
Firebase Analytics
Firebase Cloud Firestore
Facebook


Customer Account Information. When you register for a Service account, we can request your name, email address, phone number or any other personally identifiable information.
This information is your “Account Information” for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Account Information is required to identify you as a Customer and permit you to access your account(s).
By voluntarily providing us with such Account Information, you represent that you are the owner of such personal data or otherwise have the requisite consent to provide it to us.

Customer Payment Information. You are not required to enter your credit card information unless and until you decide to continue with a paid subscription to our Services.
When you sign up for one of our paid Services, you must provide billing information.
The information you will need to submit depends on which billing method you choose.
For example, if you pay with a credit card, we will collect your card information and billing address, although we do not store full credit card numbers or personal account numbers.
rather, we work with our preferred payments partner, Stripe, to handle all transactions.

Website Visitors. We will collect your name, email address, and other contact information.
We ask for and—at your option—collect personal information from you when you submit opt-in forms on our Websites, including places where you can sign up for and agree to receive commercial communications from us.
We also may ask you to submit personal information if you choose to use interactive features of the Websites, including participation in surveys, promotions, requesting customer support, or otherwise communicating with us.
We will send such communications in accordance with applicable law.

Log Data. We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data.
This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Cookies and Tracking. In operating the Services, we may use a technology called "cookies." A cookie is a piece of information that the computer hosting our Services gives to your browser when you access the Services.
Our cookies help provide additional functionality to the Services and help us analyze Services usage more accurately.
For instance, our Site may set a cookie on your browser that allows you to access the Services without needing to remember and then enter a password more than once during a visit to the Site.
In all cases in which we use cookies, we will not collect Personal Data except with your permission.
On most web browsers, you will find a "help" section on the toolbar.
Please refer to this section for information on how to receive notification when you are receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off.
We recommend that you leave cookies turned on because they allow you to take advantage of some of the Service features.
Note that if you disable cookies entirely, The Site may not function properly.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services;
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used;

We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information (except any data that you create and store in our Service).
The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf.
However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it.
But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites.
If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site.
Note that these external sites are not operated by us.
Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13.
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13.
In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers.
If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time.
Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes.
We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us. Copyright © 2021 Clipto Team.
All rights reserved.

      