
         Terms of Service ts 01 Overview  By accessing or using the CloudSight website, the CloudSight service, or any applications (including mobile applications) made available by CloudSight (together, the "Service"), however accessed, you agree to be bound by these terms of use ("Terms Of Service"), to the collection and user of your data and information as set forth in our privacy policy, available at https://cloudsight.ai/privacy-policy (“Privacy Policy”) and to be bound by these Terms Of Service.
The Privacy Policy is hereby incorporated into these Terms Of Service by reference.
The Service is owned or controlled by CloudSight, inc.
("CloudSight").
These Terms Of Service affect your legal rights and obligations.
If you do not agree to be bound by all of these Terms Of Service, do not access or use the Service.

 There may be times when we offer a special feature that has its own terms and conditions that apply in addition to these Terms Of Service.
In those cases, the terms specific to the special feature control to the extent there is a conflict with these Terms Of Service.
Arbitration notice: except if you opt-out and except for certain types of disputes described in the arbitration section below, you agree that disputes between you and CloudSight will be resolved by binding, individual arbitration and you waive your right to participate in a class action lawsuit or class-wide arbitration.
 02 Terms of Service 
 You may not post violent, nude, partially nude, discriminatory, unlawful, infringing, hateful, pornographic or sexually suggestive photos or other content via the Service.

 You agree that you will not solicit, collect or use the login credentials of other Service users.

 Other than as expressly set out in these terms or additional terms, neither CloudSight nor its suppliers or distributors make any specific promises about the services.
For example, we do not make any commitments about the content within the services, the specific function of the services, or their reliability, availability, or ability to meet your needs.
We provide the services “as is”.

 Some jurisdictions provide for certain warranties, like the implied warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all warranties.

 You must not defame, stalk, bully, abuse, harass, threaten, impersonate or intimidate people or entities
and you must not post private or confidential information via the Service, including, without limitation, your or any other person's credit card information, social security or alternate national identity numbers,
non-public phone numbers or non-public email addresses.

 You msay not use the Service for any illegal or unauthorized purpose.
You agree to comply with all laws, rules and regulations (for example, federal, state, local and provincial) applicable to your use of the Service and the content and other data you upload or otherwise transmit through the Service (“content”, including but not limited to, copyright laws.


You must not change, modify, adapt or alter the Service or change, modify or alter another website so as to falsely imply that it is associated with the Service or CloudSight.

 You must not interfere or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service, including by transmitting any worms, viruses, spyware, malware or any other code of a destructive or disruptive nature.
You may not inject content or code or otherwise alter or interfere with the way any Service page is rendered or displayed in a user's browser or device.

 You must not create accounts with the Service through unauthorized means, including but not limited to, by using an automated device, script, bot, spider, crawler or scraper.

 You must not attempt to restrict another user from using or enjoying the Service and you must not encourage or facilitate violations of these Terms Of Service or any other CloudSight terms.

 Violation of these Terms Of Service may, in CloudSight's sole discretion, result in termination of your Service account.
You understand and agree that CloudSight cannot and will not be responsible for the content posted on the Service and you use the Service at your own risk.
If you violate the letter or spirit of these Terms Of Service, or otherwise create risk or possible legal exposure for CloudSight, we can stop providing all or part of the Service to you.


