
December 4, 2020 Privacy Policy  Our service can exist only if our customers can be sure that their data is safe.
Thus, privacy is of the highest priority for us.
We will explain in more detail how CloudConvert handles your data.



 CloudConvert is maintained by Lunaweb GmbH, Gruenwald (Germany).
As a data controller, CloudConvert is bound by the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
If you do not agree to our Privacy Policy and the other terms stated below, please do not use our services and let us know about your concerns.
We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy and other terms stated below at any time.
If we make changes, we’ll clearly indicate them at the top of this page with the date of modification.




December 4, 2020: Minor language changes.



Show all updates...



June 28, 2018: Added information about sharing data with our support ticket system Freshdesk.




May 9, 2018: General clarifications and adjustemnts regarding the GDPR.
In particular we added detailed information about your rights and about sharing your data.




January 25, 2016: We have completely reworked our privacy policy with more details about third party plugins, our security mechanisms, and handling your personal data in general.

 Personal Data We Collect  We collect only the minimum amount of necessary data.
If you register, buy, or subscribe to our services, we need to collect more data about you.
We do not collect any data from your uploaded files.



 By visiting our website and/or using our API, your IP address will be logged, along with the HTTP referrer, the user agent, and the dates of access (log data).

We do not read or collect file content, metadata, or other data from your uploaded files.
For statistical purposes, we collect only the number of converted files, the number of errors, and the total file size of all your conversions.

 If you decide to create a CloudConvert account, we collect your email address, your chosen username, and your profile photo.
If you use our contact form, we collect your email address and your name.

 If you decide to buy a package or subscribe, we need to additionally collect your full name, physical address, company name, and VAT ID.
We do not collect your credit card data.
All financial transactions are handled through our payment provider, Stripe.
Before providing any personal data to Stripe, please make sure that you have read their privacy policies.

 Use of Your Personal Data  We use your personal data only to provide our service.
We do not create profiles or stuff like that.



 We log your IP address to prevent abuse of our service and for broad demographic analysis.
We do not link this information to any personally identifiable information.

If you provide an email address, we use it to communicate with you according to your notification settings.

If you buy a package or subscribe to our services, your name, company, and address will be used to create your invoice and to prevent fraud.
Your VAT ID may be used to see if you are exempt from paying VAT.

 Handling of Your Files  We do not look at your files, and we do not make any copies.
You can delete your uploaded files at any time.



 In the course of providing the service, your files are transferred to and temporarily stored on CloudConvert’s servers.
We do not read, look into, or mine any data from your files or their metadata, and we do not make any copies of them.
All file processing is done by machine.
there is no human interaction with your files.
When you click the "×" icon (on the right, beside the download button), your files are irreversibly deleted from our servers within 24 hours.

 Sharing Your Data  We do not share your files.
We do need to share some of your personal data to provide you with services.



Your uploaded files will not be given out or sold to anyone.
Assuming you did not provide the download link, no one will ever have access to your uploaded or converted files.

 Also, your username, email, and profile photo, or other account data, will not be shared with anyone.

 If you buy a package or if you subscribe, we need to send your name and your address to our payment provider, Stripe, which is based in the United States.
This is necessary to process your payment and to prevent fraud.
Before providing any personal data to Stripe, please make sure that you have read their privacy policies.

 If you use the contact form or if you email us, we will send your name, email address, and message to our ticket system, Freshdesk.
Freshdesk is based in the United States.

 Keeping your Data  Files are deleted after 24 hours or sooner.
We will keep your personal data for as long as it is necessary to provide you with our services.
When you use the delete button, your files are deleted irreversibly from our servers.
This will happen automatically after 24 hours at the latest.



 We will keep your personal data for as long as it is necessary to provide you with our services.
Your files are deleted immediately and irreversible from our servers when use the delete button.
This will happen automatically at the latest after 24 hours.

 If you delete your account, all your personal data will be permanently deleted within 72 hours.
All log data (IP address, user agent, referrer) is deleted after 14 days.

 Your Rights  You can modify or delete your data at any time.



 You can modify the data on your dashboard and you can delete your account at any time.
When you delete your account, all associated data is permanently deleted within 72 hours.
Deleting your account also deletes all data stored at payment provider Stripe and ticket system Freshdesk (if there is any).
Alternatively, you can contact us and we will modify or delete your data and/or delete your account for you.

 Please note that your uploaded files are automatically deleted after 24 hours at the latest.
You can manually delete files from our servers when you click the "×" icon (on the right beside the download button).

 You have the right to obtain a copy of the information we have about you.
We will provide the requested information to you within 40 calendar days of the receipt of a valid request in writing.
We might request that you provide additional information to enable us to identify your personal data and/or to verify your identity.

 Security  We do a lot to protect your data and make our service as secure as possible.
We keep your files in the European Union.



 We are committed to protecting your personal data and your files.
CloudConvert takes all necessary measures to keep your personal information and your files private and secure.
The CloudConvert staff is trained to properly handle your data.
All third-party employees who have access to your personal information have signed data processing agreements.

 CloudConvert maintains a secure IT environment, and all security measures are constantly adjusted to technical progress.
All transfers from and to CloudConvert are SSL encrypted.
All CloudConvert servers are located in the European Union and are equipped with appropriate measures to prevent unauthorized access (i.e., hacking).
To explain our security measurements in detail would be too lengthy for this page.
if you want more details about our security practices, please read our Security Overview and feel free to contact us.

 Cookies  We need them to provide our services.



 CloudConvert stores so-called cookies to be able to offer you a comprehensive range of functions and to make it easier for you to use our websites.
Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer with the help of the internet browser.
If you do not want to use cookies, you can prevent them from being stored on your computer by using the corresponding settings on your internet browser.
Please note that this action may restrict the functional capability and the range of functions of our offer.

 Analytics  We use Google Analytics on this site.
If you don’t like it, you can opt out.



 We use Google Analytics to store information about how visitors use our website so that we can make improvements and give visitors a better user experience.
Google Analytics is a third-party information storage system by Google that records information about the pages you visit, the length of time you were on specific pages and the website in general, how you arrived at the site, and what you clicked on.
You can opt out of Google Analytics on this and all other websites using a browser plugin.

