
         Digital Millenium Copyright Act 
 About 
 Widgets 
 Developer API 
 Privacy 
 Terms 
 Refund Policy 
 DMCA 
 FAQ 

SOCIAL

 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Blog 
 Subreddit 
 Digital Millenium Copyright Act DMCA Agent Contact Information 
Name
 Jordan Patapoff 

Address
 Clyp, Inc.
 21750 Hardy Oak Blvd Ste 104  PMB 65536  San Antonio, Texas 78258-4946 

Telephone Number
 469-500-3768 

Electronic Mail Address
 copyright@clyp.it 
 Notices of Claimed Copyright Infringement  Clyp, Inc.
has a zero tolerance policy for those who post copyrighted material: we fully comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998.
If you come across anything on our site that you think infringes your copyright rights, please notify our DMCA agent by providing the following information: 

Your contact information.
This can be your email address, mailing address or phone number.
The specific URL of each allegedly infringing audio file.
A clear and complete description of the content that you believe has been infringed.

A statement that you have a good faith belief that the allegedly infringing content is not authorized by the copyright owner, by their agent, or by the law.
A statement that all information you have provided is accurate under penalty of perjury and that you are the owner, or authorized agent of the owner, of the copyright right that is allegedly being infringed.
Your electronic or physical signature.

 Jordan Patapoff is our agent designated to receive notification of claimed infringement.
Once notice is received, or if we discover infringing material ourselves, we will quickly disable access to the material.
Copyright.gov maintains a directory of service provider agents for notification of claims infringement and our information can be found here.

 Repeat Infringers  Where it has been determined that a user has repeatedly violated our “Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) Policy”, their IP address will be disabled from accessing Clyp, Inc.
systems and their account will be terminated.
 Upload Sign Up Log In Clypster 
 See all 
 You don't have any notifications.



 Upload 
 Upgrade 
 Profile 
 Widget 
 Settings 
 Sign Up 
 Log In 
 Log Out 


 Blog 
 FAQ 
 DMCA 
 Terms 
 Made with love in Austin, TX.
© 2022 Clyp, Inc.
All rights reserved.
Sign up with Facebook or Tell me about Clyp news  By signing up, I agree to Clyp's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
 Sign Up  Already have an account? Log in  Please verify your email address Verify your email address to upload audio Send verification email Done 
Upload
Record
 Upgrade to Plus for unlimited uploads.
Drop in an audio file or click to upload By uploading you agree to our Terms 00:00 Uploading ...
Upload failed 0% Upload successful! Copy the link below to share your Clyp By recording you agree to our Terms Discard Upload Cancel Try again Record something else 
      