
         Toggle navigation 
Saves &amp.
Codes


























 PowerSaves 
 PowerSaves Prime PowerSaves Pro PowerBase for Pokémon PowerSaves Amiibo License Key PowerPlay Upgrade 


 Pokemon Go 
 Go-Tracker Go-tcha Evolve Go-tcha Classic Wristband Go-tcha Ranger Limited Edition Go-tcha Ranger Go-tcha Accessory Pack 


 Power Points 
 x1 Power Point x2 Power Points x5 Power Points x10 Power Points x15 Power Points x20 Power Points 


 Switch 
 NitroPro Controller - Monster Pack Monster Hunter Rise NitroTag Splatoon 2 NitroTag Mario Kart 8 Deluxe NitroTag Zelda Breath of the Wild Super Mario Odyssey 


 Amiibo 
 PowerSaves Amiibo Amiibo Powerbase PowerTags x10 PowerTags x3 


 PS4 
 Evo Hub CoolDog Controller for PS4 


 Retro 
 SD Media Launcher Precision FX Pistol (Wii) Racing Game Steering Wheel (Wii) Freeloader for GameCube EU PS2 Action Replay Max DSi/DS Action Replay Replacement USB Cable 


Contact Us
My Account












 Customer Service Privacy Policy Website Policy
This website is operated by Datel Electronics Limited , registered office, Stafford Road ,Stone, Staffordshire, ST15 0DG.
Our privacy policy sets out what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we will share it with other parties.
We keep this privacy policy under review and we reserve the right to update without notice.
We are committed to keeping your personal information secure and confidential.
By using our website you agree to the use of this information as set out below
Visitors to our website.The website does not capture personal information other than that what you tell us when registering, buying a product, activating the product licence and in some cases when the product communicates with the site for use and uploading codes.
We use third party cookies ( see our separate cookie policy below ) such as those from Google analytics to obtain information on traffic to our site.
We do not use the information in a manner which identifies the individual.
Children
If you are aged 13 or under please obtain your parent or guardian’s permission to providing any personal information to us.
Children without this consent should not provide us with such information.
How we use your information.
We may use any information you give us;



to assist us in providing products and services to you including processing credit card information via a secure third party payment gateway such as Cybersource,
to record sales, accounting information, returns, updates and product development,
to comply with any regulatory or legal obligation we may have from time to time.



We may also wish to use your data to inform you of any future offers and similar products.
This information will not be shared with third parties.
Please sign into your account and tick the option for our marketing emails If this is something you would like to sign up to , otherwise we will not send to you direct marketing emails but you can still learn about new products by visiting the website.
You may unsubscribe at any time via your login.
What we do with your data
All the personal data we process will be processed by our staff in the UK however for the purposes of IT hosting, management and maintenance the information is located on servers within the European Union.
How long do we keep your data.
We retain such data for a reasonable time in the event of any legal claims and complaints however we are required by UK tax law to keep your personal data ( name, address, contact details and sales records) for a minimum of 6 years after you first provided it.
If there has been no activity on your account for more than 6 years we will delete your personal data.
You have a right to request a copy of all the information we hold about you.
If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information or have a concern about how your information is being used and or our data practices please contact us using your login details on the support page of this website or if you are not already a user please create an account and request a support ticket
You may also ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are processing your personal data not in accordance with the law you can complain to the information commissioners office https://ico.org.uk
 How Can We Help? Customer Service 
Contact Us
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Return Request
Site Map
Terms and Conditions
 Useful Links 
About Us
 Store 
PowerSaves Prime
PowerSaves
Pokemon Go
Power Points
Amiibo
PS4
Retro
Switch
Your Account
 Policies

Privacy Policy
Cookies
Return Policy
Shipping Policy
Terms &amp.
Conditions
 Service

Contact Us
Store FAQs
Order Status
Product FAQ
 Mailing List  Please Wait...

      