
         Privacy policy This Privacy Policy was last updated on August 19 2021.
CodinGame SA (“CodinGame”, “we”, “us” or “our”) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This Privacy Policy sets out how we collect, use and share data which identifies you or is associated with you (“Personal Data”).
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to familiarize yourself with our views and practices regarding your Personal Data and how we will treat it.
By using and accessing https://www.codingame.com (the “Service”), you consent to the use of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use cookies to store and access data whilst providing the Service.
Please see our Cookies Policy for more details.
Please note that your data will be processed in accordance with the French law “Informatique et Libertés”, n°78/17 of January 6, 1978 and the European Regulation “(EU) 2016/679” of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data (GDPR).
For the majority of the processing of Personal Data, the contractual relationship between you and CodinGame is the legal basis for the processing of data.
It is also possible that the legal basis for processing is the legitimate interest of CodinGame.
The Data Controller is: CodinGame SA
Immeuble Archimède
396 Rue du Mas de Verchant
34000 Montpellier
France Data we collect We collect the categories of data set out below when you use the Service. Data we collect directly from you We collect data from you when you submit data to us or the Service.
The following are examples of what we may collect and when we may collect data directly from you:

Account information such as nickname and email address
When you fill in and submit forms on the Service, including forms submitted at the time of registering to use our Service, reporting a problem with the Service or requesting further information from us.
When you contact us via online submission, telephone, electronic mail or regular mail, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
When you complete surveys via the Service.
When you post comments or opinions to us on the Service (chat, forum, etc.) or third party website where we have a profile or presence (e.g.
on our Facebook page).
When you wish to be contacted by an employer, we collect your preferences of salary, date of hiring, geographical area, position type, years of experience, LinkedIn profile.

We do not collect sensitive data. Data we collect with your consent We can also collect data on your contacts/friends if you accept to share with us your address book from Google or Facebook.
CodinGame only processes the name and the email address of your contacts to inform you when one of your contacts subscribes to the Service.
CodinGame only stores a fingerprint (one-way hash) of the email address of your contacts and an encrypted version of the names of the contacts (the decryption key being the email address which is not kept by CodinGame).
In this way, neither CodinGame nor a hostile third party could get access to the name and email address of your contacts from our database.
When you wish to be contacted by an employer and you provide us with your LinkedIn profile, we collect data from your LinkedIn profile and make it available to employers interested in your profile. Data related to how you connect to the Service We collect your IP address, your presumed country and your presumed city
If you connect through a social network, we will process your "social ID". Data related to how you use the Service We collect data related to how you use the Service: the dates you access the Service, the amount of time you spend on the Service, the originating site when you arrive at the Service, your selections, what you click on, and how you navigate from page to page on the site. Data related to your LinkedIn profile When you sign up for the Service, we may collect your LinkedIn profile URL from your email address.
In this case, your LinkedIn profile data (current employer, career, etc.) is also collected. Storage and transfer of data The data we collect directly from you, related to how you use the Service and related to how you connect to Service may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”).
It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers.
Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the provision of support services.
By using the Service you consent to any transfer, storage or processing of your Personal Data outside of your country.
We only transfer your Personal Data to countries that ensure an adequate level of protection.
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that personal data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and article 46 of GDPR.
You can obtain a communication of the safeguards we have implemented to protect your data in countries outside the EEA, by sending an email to privacy@codingame.com.
Please note that such transfers are necessary for the performance of the contract.
All data you provide to us is stored on secure third-party servers provided by a hosting service provider under our control.
Some backups are kept on CodinGame's own servers located in France. How we use the data we collect We use the data we collect in the following ways:

To manage your account and provide you with the features of the Service, validate and keep your Personal Data accurate.
We will use the data we collect directly from you for this purpose.
To ensure that content from the Service is presented in the most effective manner for you and your device and to provide you with content and features customized to your interests and the way you use the Service.
To do this, we will use data we collect directly from you, data related to how you use the Service and data related to how you connect to the Service.
To send you emails related to the news of the Service or the CodinGame community.
To provide you with information about CodinGame products or services that you request from us or that we believe may be of interest to you (based on your marketing preferences).
We will use data we collect directly from you, data related to how you use the Service, data related to how you connect to the Service and data related to your LinkedIn profile for this purpose.
To determine and predict what information we believe is relevant to you or likely to be of interest to you.
We will use data we collect directly from you, data related to how you use the Service, data related to how you connect to the Service and data related to your LinkedIn profile for this purpose.
To allow employers to access your profile.
To notify you about changes to the Service and address complaints, comments and issues you have in connection with your use of the Service.
We will use the data we collect directly from you for this purpose.
To prevent, detect and investigate illegal activities, breaches of any agreements entered into between you and us and threats to the security of the Service.
We will use the data we collect directly from you, the data related to how you use the Service and the data related to how you connect to the Service for this purpose.
To moderate conversations on the chat and the forum.
To produce aggregate statistical data and analytics about users of and their submissions to the Service from which individuals cannot be directly identified.
To contact you if someone you know subscribes to the Service or to allow you to follow your contacts already registered on the platform.
We will use the data we have collected with your consent (Google or Facebook contacts databases) for this purpose.
 Integrity and Retention of Personal Data CodinGame will retain your Personal Data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
Upon deletion of your account, all of your Personal Data will be deleted or anonymized from our production systems.
Backups are kept for a maximum of one month.
Navigation logs are kept for a maximum of six months.
As data controller, CodinGame carries out data processing in such a way as to ensure appropriate security of Personal Data, including protection against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage of accidental origin, using appropriate technical or organizational measures. Disclosure of Personal Data We may disclose your Personal Data to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries and the employees, agents, officers, directors and contractors of the foregoing entities.
These companies will only use your Personal Data in the same way and for the same purposes as we can under this Privacy Policy.
We may disclose your Personal Data to third parties:

Our service providers, who will only be permitted to use your Personal Data in accordance with our instructions and who will be required to keep your data secure.
The organizer of a test or contest you participated in.
In the event that we sell or buy or transfer any business or assets (in part or whole), we may disclose your Personal Data to the prospective seller, buyer or recipient of such business or assets.
In order to respond to a subpoena, court order or other legal duty or obligation (including without limitations requests or demands from law enforcement and government authorities and regulators).
In order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual prohibited activities, including but not limited to, fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or to prevent financial loss to any person or entity, including CodinGame SA, its customers, clients, and other parties.
In order to enforce or apply any agreement we have with you.
In order for you to be contacted by employers.

Attention: you are not authorized to disclose Personal Data from other users of the Service you may have access to (e.g.
during a chat session or on the forum). Individual Rights You have the right to access and rectify your Personal Data, the right to object to receiving promotional messages and, subject to a legitimate reason you have the right to request the restriction of processing or the deletion of your data.
You also have the right to portability of your data, the right to give instructions concerning your data in the event of your death and the right to withdraw your consent.
You may at any time request to exercise those rights by contacting us by email: privacy@codingame.com or by postal mail sent to the following address: CodinGame SA
Immeuble Archimède
396 Rue du Mas de Verchant
34000 Montpellier
France If you have any question or any claim, we will do our best to answer you, but in case we are not able to satisfy your demand, you can lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. Changes to our Privacy Policy Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page.
We may change, modify, add or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time in order to maintain the transparency we apply in the processing of your data.
We will use reasonable endeavours to inform you of any material changes when they occur.
We may do this by email or notice on the site as we consider appropriate.
Any changes will be updated on this Privacy Policy page.
You should periodically review our Privacy Policy page for any such changes and can object to them by unsubscribing from the Service (i.e.
deleting your account). Contact Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcome and should be directed to privacy@codingame.com.
