


Advertisers


Publishers


Marketplace


Academy




Sign Up

 Sign In



 User Agreement 
 Privacy Policy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Refund Policy 
 Website Acceptance Policy 
 Refund Policy 
The advertiser may pause or stop his/her campaign(s) at any time, without having to give any explanation.
The campaign(s) can be resumed at a later time.
If no changes have been brought to the campaign(s), then they will be resumed instantly.
If there were changes brought to the campaign(s), they will have to go through the review process.


All campaigns are moderated within 24 hours from the moment of the registration during working days, but it may take up to 48 hours during weekends or legal holidays.


Any campaign that doesn't comply with our Terms of Service will be rejected and you will be entitled to a refund.


In order for a campaign to be accepted and displayed on our network, both the creatives and the landing page must comply with our Terms of Service.


You will not be entitled to a refund if, after a campaign is accepted, the advertised page is changed without noticing our team about the changes, and/or doesn't comply to our Terms of Service.


The advertiser has to be sure that the promoted material or product is not illegal in the targeted countries and that it respects all the rules and laws in that country.


The advertiser is solely responsible of stopping/pausing his campaign(s).
Otherwise, the campaign will remain active until all the funds of the account are spent.
If an account ran out of funds, all the campaigns will remain active and will start again once funds are available, unless they have been stopped/paused.


A user can request a refund only for the balance available in his account.
When a refund request is initiated, all the campaigns will be paused and the balance will be removed from the account until the refund is processed.


When the refund is initiated by our finance team, the available EUR funds will be converted in the requested currency (BTC/ETH) at their current market value and sent to the user.
The user must send his refund address to the account manager from the same email address used for his Coinzilla account.


If a user deposited funds via bank transfer, he can request a refund via both cryptocurrency and bank transfer.
If a user deposited funds via cryptocurrency, he can only request a refund via cryptocurrency.
If the deposit was made via both cryptocurrency and bank transfer, the refund can be requested only via cryptocurrency.


All funded accounts that have been inactive for longer than 6 months will lose the right to withdraw money from the platform.
Accounts that become active after 6 months will still have their right to use the remaining funds for advertising purposes on our network, but without being able to withdraw them.
If an account stays inactive for one year, it will be permanently deleted, with no way of retrieving it or the deposited balance.


(!) Sevio Fzc.
reserves the right to change its refund policy at any time without notice.
You are bound to respect any change in our refund policy within 2 days after the update, and you are required to read this page periodically.


Sevio FZC


Business Address 
UAE, Business Center, Al Shmookh Building, UAQ Free Trade zone, Umm Al Quwain


Headquarter Address 
HQ, Romania, Iasi, Calea Chisinaului nr 104-106bis, PO 700180

Last modification made on 26th of June 2019 at 09:00 GMT Let's Reach New Borders 280M+
Impressions
per month 300k+
Clicks
per month 450+
Websites
per month Meet Your Account Manager
Contact Us ⟶ About

Who Are We?
Bug Bounty Program
Meet our Partners
Contact Us
 Services

Coinzilla for Advertisers
Coinzilla for Publishers
Coinzilla Marketplace
 Help 
Announcements
Frequently Asked Questions
Tutorials
Download Media Kit
 Social Presence 
Facebook
Twitter


Youtube
Linkedin
 Copyright © 2016 - 2020 Sevio -
User Agreement - Privacy Policy - Cookie Policy - Refund Policy - Website Acceptance Policy This website uses cookies.
Continued use of this website indicates that you accept our Privacy Policy.
I Agree 
      