


Advertisers


Publishers


Marketplace


Academy




Sign Up

 Sign In



 User Agreement 
 Privacy Policy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Refund Policy 
 Website Acceptance Policy 
 User Agreement 
This agreement shall govern participation in the Coinzilla program.
By using the Coinzilla website and/or platform, you agree to these Terms and Conditions.


The term 'user' will refer to any individual or entity who accepts the Terms and Conditions of this agreement by registering.
Coinzilla is a product developed by Sevio Fzc.


Coinzilla reserves the right to choose whether or not to accept a user to use its services.


Coinzilla might request access to your Google Analytics account in order to verify the quality and authenticity of your traffic, if we have reasons to believe your data is fraudulent.


Advertisements

Coinzilla will not accept any advertisement that can harm or that is inappropriate for the general audience.
The following advertisement types are examples of prohibited advertisements:



Advertised page(s) that contain any popup/popunder or page blocker.


Advertised page(s) that contain any kind of content prohibited in the Websites section.


Advertised page(s) that contain scripts that alter the user’s browser settings.


Advertised page(s) that contain any frame-breaking codes.


Advertised page(s) that contain multiple alert boxes.


Advertised page(s) that contain alert boxes with "Close" buttons that cannot be seen by users.



If, after approval, the advertised page(s) has changed and breaks this terms, your campaign and account will be blocked.


In any of the cases listed, you will not be entitled to a refund.


(!) If the promoted page(s) is changed, we require an IMMEDIATE notification of these changes via email or through our ticket system.


(!) By depositing funds on Coinzilla, you agree that if any kind of malware, exploits, hijacks, or viruses are detected on any of your promoted pages, your account will be disabled, and you won't be entitled to a refund.
The same rule applies if we detect multiple accounts banned for that reason.


Coinzilla Marketplace - Advertisers

All the articles purchased through Coinzilla Marketplace are guaranteed to remain live on the publisher’s website for an indefinite period.
However, the publisher will be allowed to remove the article if:



The advertiser’s project was proven to be a scam.


The advertiser’s project is no longer active.


The advertiser changed his domain of activity and the content is no longer reflecting the current activity of the advertiser.



If any of the aforementioned conditions are met and the publisher deletes the sponsored content, Coinzilla is in no way responsible and a refund will not be possible.


If the sponsored content was deleted by the publisher without a valid reason, the advertiser will receive a full refund for that article.


Coinzilla Marketplace - Publishers

If a publisher deletes a sponsored article delivered to his website through the Coinzilla Marketplace service, he is required to notify Coinzilla in regards to the deletion as well as the reason behind the decision.


If the publisher does not provide a valid reason for deleting the article, he will be required to fully refund the cost of the said article to Coinzilla.
Valid reasons for article deletion include:



The advertiser’s project was proven to be a scam.


The advertiser’s project is no longer active.


The advertiser changed his domain of activity and the content is no longer reflecting the current activity of the advertiser.



If the publisher does not refund the cost of the article he deleted, his Coinzilla Marketplace account will be locked, and the restrictions may extend to his Coinzilla Display account as well.


Data Reporting (Stats)

All campaigns on Coinzilla are served, tracked, and reported by Coinzilla.
For campaigns that involve third-party serving/tracking, accounting may be beyond Coinzilla's control.


The data generated by a campaign will only be available for 1 year.
After that, the data will be automatically deleted from your account.
The user is solely responsible of downloading and saving that data, if he wishes to do so.


Withdrawals


In order to withdraw funds from your account, your profile needs to be fully completed with your real personal information (first and last name, email address, country of residence, and full address).


If your account is a company account, your company details need to be completed as well.


If you request a withdrawal without having completed this information, our team will contact you in order to complete your profile.
If you refuse to provide the necessary details, your withdrawal request will be denied.


Withdrawing your Coinzilla funds to an address that does not support the selected currency will result in a permanent loss of your funds.
Coinzilla is in no way, shape, or form responsible for such actions.


You can submit a withdrawal request only once every 72 hours.


A withdrawal request is generally processed in 1-2 business days, but it may take up to a week depending on the network's working conditions.


Deposits

The currency used by the Coinzilla platform is EUR.


You can deposit funds to your Coinzilla account via bank transfer, BTC, BCH, ETH, LTC, USDC and USDT.
All the exchanges fees will be supported by the user.
For deposits in other cryptocurrencies, please contact your account manager.


Bank deposits made in other currencies (such as USD) will support an exchange fee, which will be retained from the user’s initial deposit.


Any funds you deposit using cryptocurrency will be automatically converted to EUR after the payment is confirmed by the network, and not when the deposit is initiated.
The exchange rate used is the one available on our exchanger at the moment of the payment’s confirmation, and not when the deposit was initiated.


In order to deposit funds into your account, your profile needs to be fully completed with your real personal information (first and last name, email address, country of residence, and full address).


The deposit should be completed in a single full transaction.
Depositing funds through numerous micro payments will put your account at risk of being banned.


If your account is a company account, your company details need to be completed as well.


If you refuse to complete this information, your Coinzilla account will be at risk of being closed.


If your account is a company account, your company details need to be completed as well.


If you refuse to complete this information, your Coinzilla account will be at risk of being closed.


Bonuses

All bonuses earned or obtained on Coinzilla are not eligible for withdrawing.
They can be used for advertisement acquisition.
Bonus funds are the last to be used.


Rates

All advertising rates are prone to changes at any time.
We recommend to always check the price before making a payment.


Representations and Warranties

Customer hereby indemnifies and holds harmless Sevio Fzc and the publishers (including their successors, directors, officers, employees, agents, assigns) from and against all claims, loss, liability, damage, and expense of any nature (including attorneys' reasonable fees), in connection with the advertisement URL and its linked websites, for any actual or alleged breach of any term of this agreement.


Damages

In no event shall either party be liable for special, indirect, incidental, or consequential damages, including, but not limited to, loss of data, loss of use, or loss of profits arising thereunder or from the provision of services.


Limitation of Liability

Neither Sevio Fzc nor the participating sites will be subjected to any liability whatsoever for (a) any failure to provide reference or access to all or any part of the advertised URL due to systems failures or other technological failures of Sevio Fzc or of the Internet.
(b) delays in delivery and/or non-delivery of a campaign, including, without limitation, difficulties with a publisher or website, difficulties with a third-party server, or electronic malfunction.
and (c) errors in content or omissions in any advertised URL provided by the customer.


(!) Sevio Fzc.
reserves the right to change any of these terms and conditions at any time without notice.
You are bound to respect any change in our terms and conditions within 2 days after the update, and you are required to read this page periodically.


Sevio FZC


Business Address 
UAE, Business Center, Al Shmookh Building, UAQ Free Trade zone, Umm Al Quwain


Headquarter Address 
HQ, Romania, Iasi, Calea Chisinaului nr 104-106bis, PO 700180

Last modification made on 15th of October 2019 at 14:00 GMT Let's Reach New Borders 280M+
Impressions
per month 300k+
Clicks
per month 450+
Websites
per month Meet Your Account Manager
Contact Us ⟶ About

Who Are We?
Bug Bounty Program
Meet our Partners
Contact Us
 Services

Coinzilla for Advertisers
Coinzilla for Publishers
Coinzilla Marketplace
 Help

Announcements
Frequently Asked Questions
Tutorials
Download Media Kit
 Social Presence 
Facebook
Twitter


Youtube
Linkedin
 Copyright © 2016 - 2020 Sevio -
User Agreement - Privacy Policy - Cookie Policy - Refund Policy - Website Acceptance Policy This website uses cookies.
Continued use of this website indicates that you accept our Privacy Policy.
I Agree 
      