


Advertisers


Publishers


Marketplace


Academy




Sign Up

 Sign In



 User Agreement 
 Privacy Policy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Refund Policy 
 Website Acceptance Policy 
 Website Acceptance Policy 
All users should be aware that Coinzilla will accept only websites that are deemed suitable for hosting its advertising formats.


Being a finance &amp.
crypto advertising network, Coinzilla only accepts cryptocurrency and finance- related websites/projects to join its display network.


Coinzilla might request access to your Google Analytics account in order to verify the quality and authenticity of your traffic, if we have reasons to believe your data is fraudulent.


All the websites that are accepted in the Coinzilla display network need to respect the following terms &amp.
conditions:



The website should not violate the laws, regulations, ordinances, or other such requirements of any applicable Federal, State or Local Government.


The website should not ask the users for clicks or direct them to any fraudulent activity that would bring the owner more earnings from our network.


The website traffic should not be incentivized with rewards for the user's presence or any other activity done by them on the site.


The website should not be involved in any illicit activity that may harm the user's well-being or inflict any financial loss by promoting shady, insecure, spam, or fake projects.


The website should not urge the visitors to hatred, racism, violence, or any activity that may result in moral or physical damages.


The banners must be placed in high-visibility zones (above the fold).
You are not allowed to hide or distort a banner in any way, shape, or form.


The banners must be placed alone in the selected position.
Placing other banners together with the banners from Coinzilla is forbidden.


You are not allowed to display more than 3 banners at the same time.
This also includes the Header and the Sticky banners.


Using more than one banner size per page is forbidden (e.g.
you can’t display two 300x250 banners on the same page, but you can display a 300x250 banner together with a 728x90 one).


You are not allowed to display a banner on a website different than the one it was approved for.
For example, if a banner was approved for website1.com, you are only allowed to display it on website1.com.


You are not allowed to purchase any type of traffic from other sources (advertising networks or other websites) that you will then send to our advertiser's websites through their banners.


You are not allowed to autorefresh your website to increase the impressions of the banners you display.



(!) Any website that uses any kind of fake, incentivized, or bought traffic or unethical methods to generate income will be deleted and the revenue from that account will be removed.
This includes, but is not limited to: autosurfs, iframes, bots, proxies, auto-hit services, traffic exchange systems.


Coinzilla may and will modify this list based on its internal and international rules.


We reserve the right to reject a website for a reason that is not (yet) added to this list.


Types of websites that will not be accepted on our network:



Sites containing or linking to any form of illegal activities.


Sites with inappropriate or violent content and/or vulgar language.


Sites promoting any type of hate-mongering (i.e.
racial, political, ethnic, religious, gender-based, sexuality-based, personal, etc.).


Sites that participate in or transmit spam using any kind of online means.


Sites promoting any type of illegal substance or activity or sites with illegal, false, or deceptive investment advice and money-making opportunities.


Sites that are using free domain names.


Sites that don't have a unique design, that are filled with ads, that have more than 1 popunder and/or ask users to click on ads.


URL Shorteners.


Faucet websites.


Websites with pornographic content.


Websites created with the intention of sending bots/fake traffic to our network.


Websites with no original content.


Websites generated on platforms like Wordpress or Blogspot.


Pay to click websites.


Automatic/manual traffic exchanges.


Any website that has incentivized traffic.


Any website that, after it was reviewed by our team, wasn’t deemed suitable for our Publisher program.


Websites that represent a coin, ICOs, or projects that raised funds from the community.



If your website is rejected, you can open a ticket and ask for a second review, but only after 1 week has passed from the date of the denial.
If you request to be rechecked faster than 1 week, your request will be rejected.


Coinzilla reserves the right to deny any website from joining our display network, without providing any reason for its actions.


(!) Sevio Fzc.
reserves the right to change its website acceptance policy at any time without notice.
You are bound to respect any change in our website acceptance policy within 2 days after the update, and you are required to read this page periodically.


Sevio FZC


Business Address  UAE, Business Center, Al Shmookh Building, UAQ Free Trade zone, Umm Al Quwain


Headquarter Address 
HQ, Romania, Iasi, Calea Chisinaului nr 104-106bis, PO 700180

Last modification made on 15th of October 2019 at 14:00 GMT Let's Reach New Borders 280M+
Impressions
per month 300k+
Clicks
per month 450+
Websites
per month Meet Your Account Manager
Contact Us ⟶ About

Who Are We?
Bug Bounty Program
Meet our Partners
Contact Us
 Services

Coinzilla for Advertisers
Coinzilla for Publishers
Coinzilla Marketplace
 Help

Announcements
Frequently Asked Questions
Tutorials
Download Media Kit
 Social Presence 
Facebook
Twitter


Youtube
Linkedin
 Copyright © 2016 - 2020 Sevio -
User Agreement - Privacy Policy - Cookie Policy - Refund Policy - Website Acceptance Policy This website uses cookies.
Continued use of this website indicates that you accept our Privacy Policy.
I Agree 
      