

IMPORTANT LEGAL NOTICE – WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS


ATTENTION: WELCOME TO COMPARITECH.COM, THIS WEBSITE IS OWNED AND OPERATED BY COMPARITECH LIMITED (‘THE COMPANY’), A REGISTERED UK LIMITED COMPANY.
THIS LEGAL NOTICE APPLIES TO THE ENTIRE CONTENTS OF THIS WEBSITE UNDER THE DOMAIN NAME WWW.COMPARITECH.COM (‘WEBSITE’) AND TO ANY CORRESPONDENCE BY E-MAIL BETWEEN US AND YOU.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE.
USING THIS WEBSITE INDICATES THAT YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS REGARDLESS OF WHETHER OR NOT YOU CHOOSE TO REGISTER WITH US.
IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS, DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITE.
THIS NOTICE IS ISSUED BY COMPARITECH LIMITED (‘THE COMPANY’).


Introduction

You will be able to access all areas of this Website without registering your details with us.
By accessing any part of this Website, you shall be deemed to have accepted this legal notice in full.
If you do not accept this legal notice in full, you must leave this Website immediately.
The Company may revise this legal notice at any time by updating this posting.
You should check this Website from time to time to review the then current legal notice, because it is binding on you.

Licence

You are permitted to access our Website, use our comparison information and guides and download and store information from this Website on the following basis:

such material is for personal use only;
no commercial use is made of any information or material on this Website;
you accept that your use of the information on this Website is done so at entirely your own risk.

All intellectual property rights in the material on this Website are owned by the Company.
For the purposes of this legal notice, any use of this Website other than in accordance with the paragraph above for any purpose is prohibited.

Website Service Access

While the Company endeavours to ensure that this Website is normally available 24 hours a day, the Company will not be liable if for any reason this Website is unavailable at any time or for any period.
Access to this Website may be suspended temporarily and without notice in the case of system failure, maintenance or repair or for reasons beyond the Company’s control.

Visitor material and conduct

Any material you transmit to this Website will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary.
The Company will have no obligations with respect to such material.
The Company will be free to copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate and otherwise use such material and all data, images, sounds, text and other things embodied therein for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes.

You are prohibited from transmitting to or from this Website any material:


that is threatening, defamatory, obscene, indecent, seditious, offensive, pornographic, abusive, liable to incite racial hatred, discriminatory, menacing, scandalous, inflammatory, blasphemous, in breach of confidence, in breach of privacy or which may cause annoyance or inconvenience;
for which you have not obtained all necessary licences and/or approvals;
which constitutes or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise be contrary to the law of or infringe the rights of any third party, in any country in the world.
or
which is technically harmful (including, without limitation, computer viruses, logic bombs, Trojan horses, worms, harmful components, corrupted data or other malicious software or harmful data).


You may not misuse the Website (including, without limitation, by hacking).

The Company will fully co-operate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing the Company to disclose the identity or locate anyone transmitting any material in breach of our terms and conditions.

Links to and from other websites

Links to third party websites on this Website are provided solely for your convenience.
If you use these links, you leave this Website.
The Company has not reviewed all of these third party websites and does not control and is not responsible for these websites or their content.
The Company therefore does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any material found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them.
If you decide to access any of the third party websites linked to this Website, you do so entirely at your own risk.
The Company may earn referral fees from some of the companies and services linked to on this Website, please read our disclosure page for further details.

If you would like to link to this Website, you may only do so on the basis that:


you do not create a frame or any other browser or border environment around this Website;
you do not in any way imply that the Company is endorsing any products or services other than its own;
you do not misrepresent your relationship with the Company nor present any other false information about the Company;
you do not link from a website that is not owned by you.
and
your website does not contain content that is distasteful, offensive or controversial, infringes any intellectual property rights or other rights of any other person or otherwise does not comply with all applicable laws and regulations.

You shall fully indemnify the Company for any loss or damage suffered by the Company or any of its group companies for breach of our terms and conditions.

Disclaimer

While the Company endeavours to ensure that the information on this Website is correct the Company does not warrant the accuracy or suitableness of any of the products or services featured on this Website.
The material at this Website is provided ‘as is’ without any conditions, warranties or other terms of any kind.
Accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted by law, the Company provides you with this Website, including its associated materials, on the basis that the Company excludes all representations, warranties, conditions and other terms (including, without limitation, the conditions implied by law of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and the use of reasonable care and skill) which but for this legal notice might have effect in relation to this Website.
Whilst we aim to keep data and information on the Website accurate we cannot make any guarantees or warranties regarding the accuracy of this information and data.
The information on this Website should not be taken as advice or endorsement of any activity, company or product and you should always carry out your own research.
All information on this Website is for informational purposes only and we do not and will not promote, encourage or condone any illegal activity, breach of contract or damage to any company, organisation or individual.
The Company may have financial relationships with some of the companies and services listed or linked to on this Website, please read our disclosure page for further details.

Liability

The Company, any other party (whether or not involved in creating, producing, maintaining or delivering this Website), and any of the Company’s group companies and the officers, directors, employees, shareholders or agents of any of them, exclude all liability and responsibility for any amount or kind of loss or damage that may result to you or a third party (including without limitation, any direct, indirect, punitive or consequential loss or damages, or any loss of income, profits, goodwill, data, contracts, use of money, or loss or damages arising from or connected in any way to business interruption, and whether in tort (including without limitation negligence), contract or otherwise) in connection with this Website.

Governing law and jurisdiction

This legal notice shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law.
Disputes arising in connection with this legal notice shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
