
         us 
gb
fr
de
it


 Home 
 FOR RETAILERS 
 FOR PUBLISHERS 
 FOR INFLUENCERS 
 Resources 
 Blog 
 COVID-19 
 Success Stories 




 ABOUT 
 LEADERSHIP TEAM 
 CAREERS 
 NEWS 


 CONTACT 
 LOGIN 
 Cookie Policy Effective May 25, 2018
Our website uses cookies and similar technologies to distinguish you from other users of our website.
This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and allows us to improve our website.
By continuing to browse the website you are agreeing to our use of cookies and similar technologies.
The exact names of cookies utilized on this site may fluctuate over time however, the descriptions below set out the types of cookies that operate our website.
You can obtain an up to date list of the cookies we use by contacting us at dataprotection@connexity.com or dataprotection@hitwise.com .

Essential Cookies and Functionality Cookies

Essential or strictly necessary cookies are those cookies that are essential to make our websites work, and functionality cookies are important to remember your preferences.
Without these cookies, the website would be unable to retain your selections, filters, search queries, and other personalized configurations indicated while browsing through the website.
For example, the functional cookies can be used to remember your language choice or country selection.
They can also be used to remember changes you’ve made to text size, font and other parts of pages that you can customize.
The majority of these cookies are set temporarily and expire shortly after your session has been terminated.
Others last for up to 30 days.

Analytics Cookies

These cookies collect information about how people are using our websites.
For example, the pages visited most often, how people are moving from one link to another, and if they get error messages from certain pages.
Data collected from our website visitors using these cookies is aggregated and presented to us in a statistical way to help us improve the way our website works.
These cookies will expire after at most 24 months.

Blocking Cookies

You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies.
However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our website.
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control.
These cookies are likely to be analytics cookies or targeting cookies.
For example, Google may capture behavioral data about you as part of your Google profile.
You can view data held about you by Google through the https://myaccount.google.com website and by clicking on “My Activity”.
This portal also provides the option to disable the use of data for personalized advertisements and general advertisement serving by Google and DoubleClick products through the “Ads Settings” feature.
Criteo may similarly store data associated with your browser for retargeting purposes.
You can opt out of such retargeting by following the directions in Criteo’s privacy policy: https://www.criteo.com/privacy/.
If you are an EU resident you may also opt out of receiving tailored of advertisements from participating third party companies under the following schemes:

http://www.youronlinechoices.eu
http://www.aboutads.info/choices (English only)
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices (English only)
 CONNEXITY 2120 Colorado Ave.
Ste.
400
Santa Monica, CA 90404
(310) 571-1235

 Login 
 Contact Us 
 Careers 
 Privacy Policy / Cookie policy / California Privacy Notice / Ad Opt-Out / DO NOT SELL MY DATA / ACCESSIBILITY / 
      