
         To review our DMCA policy or to request a paste be deleted, click here General AUP:
Pastes containing or linking to any of the following is forbidden and a violation of our terms of service

- email lists
- login details
- links to copyrighted works you do not own the copyright for
- password lists
- credit card data, bank information
- personal information or data
- pornographic content
- links to 'spam' websites or otherwise spammy content
- threats or harassment
- any material which is not legal in the united states Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use 1.
Terms 
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these
web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations,
and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local
laws.
If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from
using or accessing this site.
The materials contained in this web site are
protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
 2.
Use License 

Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials
(information or software) on ControlC's web site for personal,
non-commercial transitory viewing only.
This is the grant of a license,
not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:

modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on ControlC's web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials.
or
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.



This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by ControlC at any time.
Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.

 3.
Disclaimer 

The materials on ControlC's web site are provided "as is".
ControlC makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
Further, ControlC does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.

 4.
Limitations 
In no event shall ControlC or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on ControlC's Internet site, even if ControlC or a ControlC authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage.
Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
 5.
Revisions and Errata 
The materials appearing on ControlC's web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors.
ControlC does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current.
ControlC may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice.
ControlC does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
 6.
Links 
ControlC has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site.
The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by ControlC of the site.
Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.
 7.
Site Terms of Use Modifications 
ControlC may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice.
By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
 8.
Governing Law 
Any claim relating to ControlC's web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
 9.
Paste data collection and privacy
Assume any data you post to this server will be publicly visible and remain forever. 10.
Copyright limitations
All trademarks and copyrights are owned by their respective owners.
Pastes are owned by their creator.
The Rest © 2008-2010 ControlC 12.
Acceptable content
You agree that you will not post information or link to any information that is libelous, nor may it promote hate, violence, or illegal activity in any country.
You may not impersonate any individual or group, real or fictitious, if asked to provide personally identifying information.
You may not use this website for any purpose which would be deemed illegal under united states law.
You agree that you will not hold ControlC or its operators responsible for any damages that may result from direct or indirect usage of this website, or for any other operations of this website.
You acknowledge that there is no guarantee as to the suitability of this website for any specific purpose.
The Terms of Service may change at any time without notification.




 Privacy Policy 
Your privacy is very important to us.
Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information.
The following outlines our privacy policy.



Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we may identify the purposes for which information is being collected.


We may collect and use of personal information, unless as required by law.


We may retain personal information indefinitely.


Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.


We may protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.


We may make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.



We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.








