

Terms and ConditionsThis user agreement applies to all sites to which this user agreement links, mobile sites and mobile applications (collectively referred to as “sites”), and services, features, or content provided by the CoolGenerator.com.
Please read this user agreement carefully, which sets out the legally binding terms and conditions for your use of our website.Accept User AgreementBy accessing or viewing the site in any way, you agree to this user agreement and all other rules, policies, and procedures that we provide may be posted on the site from time to time, with each item incorporated by reference, and may be updated from time to time without prior notice.
Certain services may be subject to other terms and conditions that we may specify from time to time.
your use of such services is subject to these additional terms and conditions, which have been incorporated by reference into this user agreement.
This user agreement applies to all users of the service, including but not limited to users who provide content, information, and other materials or services by registration or otherwise.ContentFor this user agreement, the term “content” includes but is not limited to any information, data, text, photos and other images, video, audio clips, written articles, articles, comments, software, scripts, graphics, and interactive functions are generated, provided, or otherwise accessed on or through the web.
Intellectual Property.
Site content may contain Content specifically provided by us or our partners, and such content is protected by copyright, trademark, service mark, patent, trade secret, or other proprietary rights and laws.
You should comply with all copyright or other legal notices, information, and restrictions contained in any content accessed through the website.
The trademarks displayed on the website are those of CoolGenerator.com and their third-party partners.
Nothing contained in the service shall be construed as being granted by implication or others.
Without authorization, any commercial use of the content or trademark would violate the intellectual property rights of CoolGenerator.com and/or third parties associated with CoolGenerator.com and would be subject to the full range of legal rights and remedies of CoolGenerator.com and/or third parties.Code of ConductAs a condition of use, you guarantee that you will not visit the site for any purpose prohibited by this user agreement.
You shall not (and shall not permit any third party) take any action to upload, download, or otherwise distribute any content:

Infringement of any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, publicity, or other rights of any other person or entity, or breach of any legal or contractual obligation;
You know it to be false, misleading, untrue, or incorrect;
Unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, defamatory, deceptive, deceptive, invasion of privacy, infringement, obscene, obscene, pornographic, obscene, offensive, profane, including or describing nudity, including or describing sexual conduct, or other misconduct is at our discretion;
Constitutes unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, spam or bulk email ("spam") ;
Containing software viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs intended or intended to disrupt, disrupt, restrict or interfere with the normal functioning of any software, hardware, or telecommunications equipment, or to disrupt or obtain unauthorized access to any system, data, passwords or other information about us or any third party;
Impersonating any person or entity, including any of our employees or representatives;
Without prior consent, you couldn't transmit including personal data of any person (as defined in our privacy policy), identification documents, or other sensitive information.

Feedback.
Any feedback, comments, or suggestions you provide regarding the site or the service are entirely voluntary and we will be free to use any feedback, comments, or suggestions we deem appropriate without any compensation or obligation on your part.MiscellaneousFull Protocol and separability.
This user agreement is the complete agreement between you and us regarding the website and supersedes all previous or concurrent communications and suggestions (whether oral, written, or electronic) between you and us regarding the website.
If any provision of this user agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, it shall be limited or canceled to the minimum extent necessary to maintain otherwise the full force and enforceability of this user agreement.
Force Majeure.
We accept no liability for failure due to any cause beyond our reasonable control, including but not limited to mechanical, electrical, or communication failure or performance degradation.
Apportion.
This user agreement is personal to you and you may not transfer, assign or re-license it without our prior written consent.
Without consent, we may assign, assign, or entrust any of our rights and obligations therein.
Organization.
Under this user agreement, no agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment relationship shall be established, and neither party shall have any form of power to bind the other in any respect.
Notices.
Unless otherwise provided in this user agreement, all notifications in this user agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly despatched upon receipt.
E-notification should be sent to coolgenerator@outlook.com.
No immunity.
Our failure to execute any part of this user agreement shall not constitute a waiver of our right to execute that user agreement or any other part of this user agreement in the future.
Abandoning compliance in any particular situation does not mean that we will abandon compliance in the future.
To make any waiver of compliance with this user agreement binding, we must provide you with written notice of such waiver through one of our authorized representatives.
