
 Last revised April 6, 2016 
 Welcome to Copyleaks Ltd.
("Copyleaks", the "company", "we" or "us").
Your use of this web site (the “Site”), the services and content made available on the Site (the "Services") are subject to these Terms of Use (these “Terms”).
By using any of our Services, you agree to be bound by, and use our Services in compliance with these Terms.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, DO NOT USE THE SERVICES.
We may make changes to these Terms from time to time, without prior notice.
When we do, we will revise the “last updated” date given above.
It is your responsibility to review these Terms frequently and to remain informed of any changes made.
The then-current version of these Terms will supersede all earlier versions.
You agree that your continued use of the Services will constitute your acceptance of such revised Terms.

 We reserve the sole right to either modify or discontinue the Services, including the Mobile APP and the API Services, as defined below, or any of the Site's features, at any time with or without notice to you.
RIGHT TO USE THE SERVICES By accepting these Terms, you expressly confirm that you are legally entitled and of legal age to accept these Terms, that you have read and understand these Terms, and that you have confirmed that your use of the Services is permitted under the laws of your country.
Copyleaks will not be responsible if the use of the Services does not comply with the laws of your country.

 You also represent and warrant that any information you provide Copyleaks in connection with your use of the Services is accurate, correct and up to date.
LICENSE TO USE THE SERVICES Subject to these Terms, we grant to you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the Services for your use only and not for resale or further distribution.
Your right to use the Services is limited by all terms and conditions set forth in these Terms.
Except for this license granted to you, we and our licensors retain all right, title and interest in and to the Services, including all related intellectual property rights.
The Services are protected by applicable intellectual property laws, including international treaties.
REGISTRATION AND ACCOUNT Copyleaks offers the Services in various methods (each, an "Account").
All Accounts require online registration and shall be governed by these Terms between you and Copyleaks.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Account (including the registration details and the data collected from the Site, and any other data that may be related to your Account), and fully responsible for all activities associated with your Account.
You agree to immediately notify Copyleaks of any unauthorized use of your Account or any other breach of security.
Copyleaks cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from any unauthorized use of your Account.
USE OF THE SERVICE/S Copyleaks offers you credits to use the Services (the "Credit/s").
Each Credit can be used for a single page (containing 250 words).
You may purchase as many Credits as you desire.
Once the Credits on your account run out, you will be required to acquire additional Credits to continue enjoying the Services.
Copyleaks offer you the possibility of a "refill option", allowing you an automatic refill of the exact amount of Credits you purchased, at the same price as the primary Credits you purchased.
A detailed description of our Copyleaks accounts, including the prices and the features associated with each type of account, is available on our Copyleaks Pricing page.
Your Copyleaks account may contain as many Credits as you select to purchase in advance on a prepaid basis (the "Prepaid Account").
Your Prepaid Credits will be valid for a period of 24 months and shall lapse automatically once this 24 months period is over.
You can also purchase a monthly subscription at the amount of Credits you desire.
Your Account will run from month to month (the "Monthly Account") with the same number of Credits you selected to begin with.
If you select a Monthly Account, you will have the same number of Credits each month, without the possibility of accumulating unused Credits of the previous month, and any such unused Credits shall be cancelled.
Copyleaks will not return money for any unused Credits that were cancelled.
You may change the number of Credits on your account at any time.
Your account will be updated during the month immediately following such change.
You may cancel your Copyleaks account at any time from our Website
Copyleaks also offers you the Mobile APP that allows you to use Copyleaks\' services on your mobile device ("Mobile APP") and the API which allows you to integrate Copyleaks services to your systems.
Credits purchased on your Mobile APP are valid on your Mobile APP only and may not be transferred to your Copyleaks account on the Site or the API and .
Credits purchased for the API cannot be transferred to the Copyleaks website services or to the Mobile APP.
If you wish to upgrade your account from “Prepaid” to “Monthly”, you may do so at any time on the Website.
Your upgraded account will be activated the following month.
Prepaid Credits that were in your account prior to upgrading, will remain valid until the end of the following month, and shall be cancelled after that.
Copyleaks may make changes to the services offered on the Site, the Mobile App or the API, or to the applicable prices for any the services provided, at any time, without notice.
PAYMENTS Valid information on the cost of the Services is provided in the Pricing section of the Website.
Copyleaks outsources all online payment processing to Leumi Card Global Payments ("Leumi Card").
Copyleaks does not have access to credit card numbers and all other payment information submitted to Leumi Card as a result of the online payment process.
You agree to provide Leumi Card with a valid credit card and accurate, complete and updated information required by the subscription registration form.
Failure to comply may result in the immediate termination of Services.
You must contact Copyleaks via the technical support page at https://help.copyleaks.com/ about any billing problems or discrepancies when they first appear on your account statement.
If you do not bring them to Copyleaks\' attention when they first appear on your account statement, you agree that you waive your right to dispute such problems or discrepancies.
Leumi Card Reference Transactions are used to allow Copyleaks.com to make subsequent transactions on a monthly basis until you cancel your subscription.
You can cancel your subscription at any time by notifying Copyleaks through the Dashboard on the website and Copyleaks will immediately stop all services regarding the reference transaction.
REPORT OF ABUSEIf you believe someone has accessed the Services using your Account without your authorization, you must inform Copyleaks via the technical support page at https://help.copyleaks.com/RESTRICTIONS You must comply with all applicable laws when using our Services.
Except as may be expressly permitted by applicable law, or as Copyleaks may authorize expressly in writing, you will not, and will not permit anyone else to: (i) store, copy, modify, distribute, or resell any of the information.
audio, visual, and audiovisual works, or other content made available through our Services (collectively, “Service Content”) or compile or collect any Service Content as part of a database or other work.
(ii) use any automated tool (e.g., robots, spiders) to access or use our Services or to store, copy, modify, distribute, or resell any Service Content.
(iii) rent, lease, or sublicense your access to our Services to another person.
(iv) use any Services or Service Content for any purpose except for your own use.
(v) circumvent or disable any digital rights management, usage rules, or other security features of our Services.
(vi) use our Services in a manner that overburdens, or that threatens the integrity, performance, or availability of, our Services.
or (vii) remove, alter, or obscure any proprietary notices (including copyright and trademark notices) on any portion of our Services or any Service Content.
(viii) reproduce, modify, translate, enhance, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or create derivative works of any of our Services.
TERMINATION You acknowledge and agree that Copyleaks has the right, at any time and for any reason, at its sole discretion with or without notice to you: (i) to terminate and/or shut down (temporarily or permanently) parts or all of the Services.
Upon termination of the Services, your right to use the Services will immediately cease.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination.
All payments are completely non-refundable.
If Copyleaks terminates and/or shut down (temporarily or permanently) parts or all of the Services, you will not receive any refund or partial refund for any charges already billed to your account.
ASSIGNMENT This Agreement is personal to you, and you may not assign your rights or obligations to anyone.
Copyleaks, however, may assign these Terms without your notice or consent.
PRIVACY POLICY Copyleaks may collect registration and other information about you through the Services.
Our collection, use, and disclosure of this information is governed by the Copyleaks Privacy Policy.
THIRD PARTY The Site may provide links to third party websites or resources from the Site or Services.
You acknowledge and agree that Copyleaks is not responsible or liable for the availability or accuracy of, and Copyleaks does not endorse, such websites or resources or the content, products, or services on or available from such websites or resources.
You acknowledge and accept your sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use of any such websites or resources.
TRADEMARKS AND SERVICE MARKS There are a number of proprietary logos, service marks, trademarks, slogans and product designations ("Marks") found on this Site.
By making the Marks available on this Site, Copyleaks is not granting you a license to use them in any fashion.
Access to this Site does not confer upon you any license to the Marks under any of Copyleaks' or any third party's intellectual property rights.
No Copyleaks Marks may be used as a hyperlink or otherwise without prior written permission.
USE POLICIES You are solely responsible for any content and other material that you submit, publish, transmit, or display on, through, or with our Services.
BY ACCESSING AND/OR USING THE SITE FOR ANY PURPOSE WHATSOEVER, YOU AGREE TO THE COLLECTION AND USE OF ANY DOCUMENTS UPLOADED, IN ADDITION TO THE COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, ALL IN ACCORDANCE WITH THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS UNDER OUR PRIVACY POLICY.
COPYLEAKS RESERVES THE RIGHT TO KEEP UPLOADED DOCUMENTS IN A DATA-BASE AND USE FOR ALL PURPOSES ACCORDING TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY.SOURCE CODES You will not create derivative works, decompile, modify or attempt to extract any source codes from the software underlying the Services, unless you are expressly permitted to do so under an open source license or Copyleaks gives you express written permission.
Any third-party code that may be used by Copyleaks is covered by the applicable license, if any, authorizing use of such code.
GENERAL Should one or more of the stipulations in the Terms be held to be invalid by a competent jurisdiction the remaining clauses shall remain valid and enforceable.
These Terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the state of Israel.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY In no event will Copyleaks, its officers, directors, employees or agents, be liable to you for any damages whatsoever, including without limitation, indirect, incidental, special, punitive or consequential damages arising out of or in connection with your use of the Site, Services, Copyleaks content and Service Content whether the damages are foreseeable and whether or not Copyleaks has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
The Service is provided to you on an "as is" basis and we disclaim all warranties and representations, express or implied, of non-infringement.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES You expressly understand and agree that: your use of the Service is at your sole risk.
The Services are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis.
Copyleaks, its licensors and suppliers, partners, and your carrier expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchant-ability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement.
Copyleaks does not warrant uninterrupted use or operation of the Services or that any data sent by you will be transmitted in uncorrupted form or within a reasonable amount of time.
You will be solely responsible for any delay or loss of any kind that results from your access or use of the Service, including loss of any data or any loss or harm to your device or personal computer.
No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from Copyleaks, through or from the Services, or from any partner or your carrier, will create any warranty not expressly stated in this agreement.
CONTACT US If you have any questions or comments about these Terms or the practices relating to the Site, please contact us and we will make an effort to reasonably respond to your inquiry.

