
         Terms &amp.
Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE.
All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site is subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law.
If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.

Copyright
The entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Covercraft Industries, LLC ("Covercraft").
The collective work may include works that are licensed to Covercraft Copyright 2016, Covercraft Industries, LLC.
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Covercraft or purchasing Covercraft products.
You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Covercraft or to purchase Covercraft products.
Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by Covercraft.
You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.

Trademarks
All brands, products, services, and process names appearing on this Website are trademarks of their respective holders.
Reference to or use of a product, service, or process does not imply recommendation, approval, affiliation, or sponsorship of that product, service, or process by Covercraft.
Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel, or otherwise any license or right under any patent, copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property right of Covercraft or any third party, except as expressly granted herein.

User Content
Our Review Services may allow you and other users to create, post, store or share content, including messages, text, product reviews, photos, videos, audio and other materials (collectively, "User Content").
Except for the license you grant below, as between you and Covercraft Industries, you retain all rights in and to your User Content.
You grant Covercraft Industries a perpetual, irrevocable, nonexclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, fully-paid, and sub-licensable license to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, publicly perform and publicly display your User Content, including any name, username or likeness provided in connection with your User Content, via the Services and through all media formats and channels now known or later developed without compensation to you.
Although we have no obligation to screen, edit or monitor User Content, we may delete or remove User Content at any time and for any reason.
You represent and warrant that you have all necessary rights to grant us the rights granted under this Section.

Privacy Policy
We gather and utilize various types of information from you in connection with your use of this Website.
By using this Website you signify your acceptance of Covercraft's Privacy Policy.

Warranty Disclaimer
This site is provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied.
To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Covercraft disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
Covercraft does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components.
Covercraft does not make any warranties or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise.
Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
The products available for purchase through this site may be covered under a limited warranty.
For details, see our Warranty Data Sheet.

Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT WILL COVERCRAFT BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES EVEN IF COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.

Typographical Errors
In the event that a Covercraft product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Covercraft reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price.
Covercraft reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged.
If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Covercraft shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.

Term.
Termination
These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process.
These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by Covercraft without notice at any time, for any reason.
The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.

Notice
Covercraft may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to Covercraft.

Shipping and Delivery
At this time, Covercraft ships merchandise to locations within the United States and U.S.
territories.
Additionally, Covercraft ships merchandise to Canada.
Shipments to other international locations can be facilitated by calling 1-800-274-7006.
The risk of loss and title for all merchandise ordered on this Website pass to you when the merchandise is delivered to the shipping carrier.

International
Customs and import duties may be applied to International orders when the shipment reaches its destination.
Such charges are the responsibility of the recipient of your order and vary from country to country.
Contact your local customs office for details.
Shipping laws are different in each country.
It is your responsibility to check with your customs office to verify whether the country to which you are shipping permits the shipment of your products.
Covercraft is not responsible for any direct, indirect, punitive, or consequential damages that arise from improper international shipping practices.

Sales tax
Customs and import duties may be applied to International orders when the shipment reaches its destination.
Such charges are the responsibility of the recipient of your order and vary from country to country.
Contact your local customs office for details.
Shipping laws are different in each country.
It is your responsibility to check with your customs office to verify whether the country to which you are shipping permits the shipment of your products.
Covercraft is not responsible for any direct, indirect, punitive, or consequential damages that arise from improper payment of sales tax.

Payment and Return policy
You may purchase merchandise from this Website by using any one of the payment options listed on our FAQs page.
Covercraft reserves the right to change its payment procedures at any time without prior notice to you.
Please read our Return Policy.
Return requests will be reviewed by Covercraft on a case by case basis.
Covercraft maintains the right to deny any return request submitted for any reason.
In the event that Covercraft approves your return, you will receive a credit or a refund depending on the circumstances of the return.

Business hours
Customer service is available as defined on the Contact Us page of this Website.

Miscellaneous
VOID WHERE PROHIBITED: Although the information on this Website is accessible worldwide, not all products or services discussed in this Website are available to all persons or in all geographic locations or jurisdictions.
Covercraft and the advertisers each reserve the right to limit the provision of their products or services to any person, geographic area, or jurisdiction they so desire and to limit the quantities of any products or services that they provide.
Any offer for any product or service made in the materials on this Website is void where prohibited.
GOVERNING LAW: In the event of litigation, both parties agree that the law of the State of Oklahoma shall apply and both parties shall consent to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Oklahoma, Garvin County, or in the event of diversity of citizenship, the United States District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma.
Both parties expressly waive a trial by jury.
MISCELLANEOUS: The Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and Covercraft with respect to this Website.
The Terms and Conditions supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written between you and Covercraft with respect to this Website.
No modification of the Terms and Conditions shall be effective unless it is authorized in writing by Covercraft.
If any provision of the Terms and Conditions is found to be contrary to law, then such provision(s) shall be constructed in a manner to closely reflect, as much as possible, the intentions of the parties, with the other provisions remaining in full force and effect.
Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of Covercraft products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises.
Covercraft's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these Terms and Conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right.
Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these Terms and Conditions.
Covercraft may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.

Use of Site
Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden.
Impersonation of others, including a Covercraft or other employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited.
You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law.
You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.

Participation Disclaimer
Covercraft does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials.
You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, Covercraft is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site.
However, Covercraft reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or.
other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Covercraft in its sole discretion.

Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Covercraft, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these Terms and Conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.

Third-Party Links
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Covercraft may link to sites operated by third parties.
However, even if the third party is affiliated with Covercraft, Covercraft has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Covercraft.
These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk.
Nonetheless, Covercraft seeks to protect the integrity of its website and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
