
         Ministry of Health and Family Welfare
Dashboard
Skip To Main Content
A +
A
A - 
English 
 Register / Sign In 
Vaccination Services
 Platforms
 Resources
 Support
Register / Sign In 


Privacy Policy When you use Co-WIN portal or any of the partner Apps such as Arogya Setu, Umang, the Common Service Center interface and any other Apps or portals that are integrated with Co-WIN through APIs (as per the Guidelines for Co-WIN APIs), hereinafter collectively referred to as Co-WIN, some personal information is collected from and about you.
We are committed to protecting the security of this information and safeguarding your privacy.
This privacy policy sets out the details of the personal information collected, the manner in which it is collected, by whom, as well as the purposes for which it is used.
At registration you are requested to accept the terms of this Privacy Policy and your use of Co-WIN signifies your continued acceptance thereof.
This Privacy Policy may be revised from time to time and you will be notified of all such changes.
In order to use Co-WIN, you are agreeing to the terms of the Privacy Policy .
 1.
INFORMATION COLLECTED AND MANNER OF COLLECTION 

 When you register on Co-WIN, the following information is collected from you for generating a beneficiary reference ID – (i) Name.
(ii) Mobile number.
(iii) Date of Birth.
(iv) Gender.
(v) Photo ID Type.
and (vi) Photo ID Number.



 The Reference ID is thereafter used to identify you in all subsequent Co-WIN related transactions and is associated with any data or information uploaded on the Server.
A registered user can register three more individuals apart from oneself, using one mobile number.
Co-WIN does not collect your location data.



 You can also register on Co-WIN by providing the same minimal information as mentioned in clause 1(a), through partner applications such as Arogya Setu or Umang or from other Applications integrated with Co-WIN.



 You can use any of the seven prescribed identity cards to avail vaccination services.
These are (i) Aadhaar (ii) Driving License (iii) PAN card (iv) Passport (v) Pension Passbook (vi) NPR Smart Card (vii) Voter ID (EPIC).
Information provided by you about your identity is not disclosed to anyone else apart from the system users of Co-WIN who may use the information for the purposes of verification of identity and your vaccination status.
The ID information is not published by Co-WIN in any manner.



 The Reference ID and/or the Mobile number with which you registered on Co-WIN, will be used to locate your record from the database at the time of vaccination.
These can also be used to assess your vaccination status as recorded in the Co-WIN system.



 The photo ID provided by you at the time of registration will be used to establish your identity.
Once this is done, the vaccination event will be recorded by the vaccinator against your Reference ID.



 Co-WIN also sends SMSs on your registered mobile number to alert you about registration, appointment confirmation, appointment cancelation or rescheduling, vaccination confirmation and reminder for second doses as and when required.


 2.
USE OF INFORMATION The personal information collected from you at the time of registration under Clause 1 above, will be stored securely and only be used by the Government of India or State Govts for the purpose of tracking vaccination progress and status, generating reports, heat maps and other statistical visualisations for the purpose of the management of COVID-19 vaccination in the country, and for generation of vaccination certificates, and to provide you general notifications pertaining to COVID-19 vaccination as may be required.
Your Reference ID will only be co-related with your personal information in order to communicate to you through SMS as per the clause 1 (i) above.


 If you choose to use Aadhar for vaccination, you may also choose to get a Unique Health ID (UHID) created for yourself.
This feature is purely optional.
However, for generating a UHID it is essential that you are authenticated through any of the means for Aadhar authentication at the time of verification at the vaccination center.



 The information collected under Clause 1, shall be used for the purpose of facilitating the registration for COVID-19 vaccination and for facilitating the downloading the vaccination certificate.



 The vaccination records may be used for verification of vaccination status for the purposes of COVID-19 Pandemic control and response.



 The Co-WIN system is regularly audited by auditors engaged by MoHFW, for security and scalability of the system.
The registration and vaccination records may be used for such audits.



 The Co-WIN system also takes feedback about system performance and beneficiary experience.
Information on name, mobile number, date of vaccination and vaccination status may be used for these purposes.


 3.
RETENTION 

 All personal information collected from you under Clause 1 at the time of registration will be retained for as long as your account remains in existence and if any medical or administrative interventions have been commenced under Clause 2, subject to Clause 3(b) below, for such period thereafter as is required for such interventions to be completed.



 All personal information collected under Clauses 1 will be retained on the application Server, to the extent that such information relates to people who have been vaccinated.



 Nothing set out herein shall apply to the anonymized, aggregated datasets generated by the personal data of registered users of Co-WIN or any reports, heat maps or other visualization created using such datasets.


 4.
RIGHTS 

 As a registered user, you have the right to access your profile at any time to add, remove or modify any registration information that you have supplied as long as you have not been vaccinated.
After you have taken a vaccine dose, the changes can only be done as prescribed by the Co-WIN system from time to time.



 You cannot manage the communications that you receive from us or how you receive them.
If you no longer wish to use Co-WIN you are free to delete your registration details till such time as you have not taken any vaccine doses.


 5.
LINKS TO OTHER THIRD PARTY SITES AND COLLECTION OF INFORMATION Our Platform provides API to other third parties , You may use other third – party Platforms (“Third – Party Sites”) that may collect Your Personal Information .
Co-WIN is not in any manner responsible for the security of such information or their privacy practices or content of those Third – Party Sites.
Additionally, You may also encounter “cookies” or other similar devices on certain pages of the Third – Party Sites and it is hereby clarified by Co-WIN that the Platform does not control the use of cookies by these Third – Party Sites.
These third-party service providers and Third-Party Sites may have their own privacy policies governing the storage and retention of your information that You may be subject to.
This Privacy Policy does not govern any information provided to, stored on, or used by these third-party providers and Third-Party Sites.
We recommend that when You enter a Third-Party Site, You review the Third Party Site’s privacy policy as it relates to safeguarding of Your information.
You agree and acknowledge that Co-WIN will not be liable for the information published in search results or by any Third-Party Sites. 6.
DATA SECURITY Co-WIN Platform has reasonable security measures and safeguards in place to protect Your privacy and Personal Information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, destruction, and alteration of the information in compliance with applicable laws.
Further, whenever You change or access your account on the Platform or any information relating to it, We offer the use of a secure server.
It is further clarified that You have and so long as You access and/or use the Platform (directly or indirectly) the obligation to ensure that You shall at all times, take adequate physical, managerial, and technical safeguards, at your end, to preserve the integrity and security of your data which shall include and not be limited to your Personal Information. 7.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY Co-WIN reserve the unconditional right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time, without specifically notifying you of such changes.
Any changes or updates will be effective immediately.
You should review this Privacy Policy regularly for changes. 8.
GRIEVANCES If you have any concerns or questions in relation to this Privacy Policy, you may raise the same by calling the toll-free help line 1075.Vaccination Services
 Register Members
 Search Vaccination Centers
Book Vaccination Slots
 Manage Appointment
 Download Certificate
Platforms
 CoWIN International
 Vaccinator
Department Login 
Verify Certificates
Vaccination Statistics
Resources
How To Get Vaccinated
Dos and Don'ts 
Overview 
API Guidelines 
Support
Frequently Asked Questions
Certificate Corrections
Contact us

Helpline: +91 11 23978046 (Toll Free- 1075) 
Technical Helpline: 0120 4473222
 Copyright © 2021 CoWIN.
All Rights Reserved Terms of Service Privacy Policy 
      