
         Terms of Service 
 ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS Create A Forum provides the end users (the "User") with a main resource, the ability to create a forum without the need of a host (the "Service").
When the User registers a forum at the Service, they agree to these terms and are bound by these terms (the "Terms" or "Terms of Service") as long as the User's forum is registered at the Service.
By accepting these Terms, the creator of the board (Board Owner) agrees that that they are at least thirteen (13) years of age.
Unauthorized underage Users will be have their boards and accounts terminated or suspended without notice upon discovery.

 REGISTRATION OBLIGATIONS When registered at the Service, the User agrees to: (a) while registering, provide true, accurate, current, and complete information about yourself, mainly including e-mail address (the "Registration Data") and (b) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete.
If the Registration Data is ever untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, Create A Forum has full grounds to suspend or terminate their hosting account.

 MEMBER ACCOUNT, PASSWORD AND SECURITY A password is required for the Account upon completing the Service's registration process.
Only the User who created the Account on the Service (the "Creator") is responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and Account, and is fully responsible for all activities that occur under the said password or Account.
The User agrees to (a) immediately notify the Staff of any unauthorized use of the Creator's password or Account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that the User exits from the User account ("Account") at the end of each session.
The Service is in no way responsible for any unauthorized use of the Account.

 FORBIDDEN CONTENT The User understands that all information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages or other materials (the "Content"), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, are the sole responsibility of the person from which such Content originated.
This means that the User is entirely responsible for all Content transmitted via the Service.
The Staff does not control the Content transmitted via the Service and, as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content.

The User agrees to NOT use the Service to:


upload, post, e-mail, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortuous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
impersonate any other User, unregistered visitors to the Service ("Guests") or the Staff of the Service in any way;
manipulate others, including Guests, Users, the Staff via the Service;
upload, post, email, transmit, link to, or otherwise make available any copyrighted Content without the creator/owner's consent
upload, post, email, transmit, link to, or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising;
upload, post, email, transmit, link to, or otherwise make available any pornography, nudity, or other "adult" content.
without purchase of adfree plan (which must be maintained at all times);
upload, post, email, transmit, link to, or otherwise make available any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
upload, post, email, transmit, link to, or otherwise make available any illegal copies of software ("Warez");
gambling or casino related content without purchase of adfree plan (which must be maintained at all times);
"stalk" or otherwise harass another.
or collect or store personal data about other users;
insult other Users or Guests any way, shape, or form (to "Flame");
cause (an)other User(s) or Guest(s) to react with a Flame (to "Troll");
discriminate against someone because of their race, religion, or culture.


 CONTENT RESPONSIBILITY The User understands that all Content, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, are the sole responsibility of the person from which such Content originated.
This means that the User is entirely responsible for all Content transmitted via the Service.
In NO WAY is the Staff or the Service responsible for the Content transmitted.

 ADVERTISEMENT REMOVAL If in any way the advertisements, copyrights on any hosted Account is removed, defaced, hidden, or otherwise edited in any way whatsoever, the said account is subject to termination, as described in section 7.
The only acceptable way for advertisements to be removed from any hosted account is through advertisement removal provided by the Service at a predetermined price.
Any removal of the ads other than this way is strictly forbidden and will result in immediate termination of the hosted Account.

 PRIVATE BOARDS If you have a private board meaning no posts open to the public your board will feature extra advertisements unless you have ad free credits or an ad free plan

 Link Monetization On your hosted forum some of the outbound links may become affiliate links.
Create A Forum may generate commission from those links.
We use viglink.com, amazon.com, ebay.com, sofi.com, coinbase.com, cj.com for affiliate links.


 TERMINATION OF ACCOUNTS The Create A Forum has the right but not the obligation to terminate ANY account on the service if the said account has broken any part of these terms, no matter how minor or if we feel the need to.
Termination of accounts is done on a case-by case basis and the specific member of the Staff of the Service determines the outcome of that particular Terms of Service violation.
Each case is different, and each will be treated differently, on that member's sole discretion.
Forum hosting accounts must maintain at least 10 posts or 10 members in 60 days or the forum will be removed during the next deletion cycle.
Also, you must keep a board public with at least 10 posts unless the private board upgrade is purchased or an adfree plan.
The Creator of the said Account on the Service is not required to be notified at any time before termination of the Account.
However, in most cases, the Creator will be notified of the violation in hopes that the Creator will fix this violation.
If no compliance is made, the Account will most likely be terminated.
As said earlier, termination is done on a case-by-case basis, and for more severe cases, notification of the Creator will most likely not happen, and an action will be taken immediately.
Additionally, the reason why the said account was terminated is not required to be given to the Creator, as the Creator should be aware of the violations that are occurring at the said Account.

 MODIFICATION OF TERMS The Create A Forum reserves the right to modify these terms in any way at any time, without notification to any Users or unregistered Users (the "Guests").
These Terms were last modified on November 17, 2022.
However, any revisions to these terms affect all current boards, and all boards must comply to any revisions.

 VIOLATIONS Please report any Terms of Service violations to us on this page.

 INQUIRIES If there are any inquiries about these Terms, please send your inquiries to us on this page.


