
         Site Terms Of Use Acceptance of Contract Terms The following forms a legal agreement between you, Crutchfield Corporation and Crutchfield New Media LLC ("Crutchfield").
By using this site you are acknowledging that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these terms and all applicable laws and regulations and that you are authorized to agree to these terms for both yourself and for any other entity you may be acting on behalf of.
If you do not agree to these terms or are not authorized to agree to them please do not use this site.
The material provided on this site is protected by law, including, but not limited to, United States Copyright Law and international treaties.
Any claim relating to the use of this site, its materials and any sales thereunder is governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, without regard to conflict of laws rules and Virginia will be the sole jurisdiction and venue for any litigation arising from the use of or orders made on the site.
Crutchfield is pleased to offer this website for the benefit of our customers and the general public.
Feel free to enjoy the site as much as you like.
Your choice to visit our website or to take advantage of its features does not create an agency relationship between you and Crutchfield.
You are free to browse our site and use its features, and in doing so you are not acting on our behalf.
To the extent Crutchfield provides instructions on how to use or take advantage of any feature of the site, you are under no obligation to use or take advantage of that feature.
The instructions Crutchfield provides are intended solely to inform you how to take advantage of any such feature, should you in your sole discretion ultimately decide to do so.

Use Restrictions The copyright in all material provided on this site is held by Crutchfield.
Except as stated herein, none of the material may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise without the prior written permission of Crutchfield.
Permission is granted only to legal residents of the United States who are over the age of thirteen (13) years to display, copy or distribute and download the materials on this site for personal, non-commercial use only, provided you do not modify the materials and that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials.
This permission terminates automatically if you breach any of these terms or conditions or upon the request of Crutchfield.
Upon termination you must immediately destroy any downloaded and printed materials.
You also can not "mirror" any material contained on this site.
Any unauthorized use of any material contained on this site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, and various other regulations and statutes. User Accounts We may assign you a password and account identification to enable you to access and use certain portions of this Site.
Each time you use a password or identification, you will be deemed to be authorized to access and use the Site in a manner consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and we have no obligation to investigate the authorization or source of any such access or use of the Site.
YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL ACCESS TO AND USE OF THIS SITE BY ANYONE USING THE PASSWORD AND IDENTIFICATION ORIGINALLY ASSIGNED TO YOU WHETHER OR NOT SUCH ACCESS TO AND USE OF THIS SITE IS ACTUALLY AUTHORIZED BY YOU, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL COMMUNICATIONS AND TRANSMISSIONS AND ALL OBLIGATIONS (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS) INCURRED THROUGH SUCH ACCESS OR USE. You are solely responsible for protecting the security and confidentiality of the password and identification assigned to you.
You shall immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or identification or any other breach or threatened breach of this Site's security.
When you use the Site, or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically.
You consent to receive communications from us electronically.
We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on the Site or through our other services.
You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communication that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirements that such communications be in writing. Trademarks The trademarks, service marks and logos (the "Trademarks") used and displayed on this site are registered and unregistered Trademarks of Crutchfield and others.
Nothing on this site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on this site without the written permission of the Trademark owner.
Crutchfield enforces its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.
Crutchfield prohibits use of the Crutchfield logo as a "hot" link to the Crutchfield site unless establishment of such a link is approved in advance by Crutchfield in writing. Disclaimer Warranty THIS WEBSITE AND THE INFORMATION PROVIDED HEREIN ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT POSSIBLE PURSUANT TO THE APPLICABLE LAW, CRUTCHFIELD DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR OTHER VIOLATION OF RIGHTS.
CRUTCHFIELD DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE, VALIDITY, ACCURACY, OR RELIABILITY OF, OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF, OR OTHERWISE RESPECTING, THE MATERIALS OR PRODUCTS ON THIS SITE OR ANY SITES LINKED TO THIS SITE. Limitation of Liability UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, SHALL CRUTCHFIELD BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, HARM TO EQUIPMENT AND/OR PERSONAL INJURY OR DEATH, ARISING OUT OF THE USE, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE MATERIALS ON THIS SITE, EVEN IF CRUTCHFIELD OR A CRUTCHFIELD AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
IF YOUR USE OF MATERIALS FROM THIS SITE RESULT IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION OF ANY ITEM YOU ASSUME ANY COST THEREOF.
SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. Typographical Errors In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price due to a typographical error, entry error or error in pricing information received from our suppliers, Crutchfield shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for said product(s).
Although your credit card or any other form of payment normally is not charged prior to shipping an order, if you have already been charged for the purchase and the order is canceled Crutchfield will immediately issue a credit to your credit card account or other payment type in the amount of the incorrect price. Order Acceptance Policy Your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell.
Crutchfield reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason.
Crutchfield is a reseller to end-users in the United States only and does not accept orders from dealers, exporters, wholesalers, or other customers who intend to resell the products purchased from Crutchfield. Risk of Loss.
Other Terms of Sale The risk of loss and title for items purchased by you pass to you upon our delivery of the items to the carrier pursuant to our standard terms of sale.
We do not take title to returned items until the item arrives at our fulfillment center.
At our discretion, a refund may be issued without requiring a return.
In this situation, we do not take title to the refunded item. Disputes Any dispute or claim relating in any way to your use of the Site, or to any products or services sold or distributed by us or Crutchfield.com will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify.
The Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply to this agreement.
There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited.
However, an arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including injunctive and declaratory relief or statutory damages), and must follow the terms of these Terms of Use as a court would.
To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to us at Crutchfield, Attention Legal Depart, 1 Crutchfield Park, Charlottesville, VA 22911.
The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its rules, including the AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes.
The AAA's rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879.
Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA's rules.
You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the county where you live or at another mutually agreed location.
We each agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action.
If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration we each waive any right to a jury trial.
We also both agree that you or we may bring suit in court to enjoin infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights. Reviews and Comments Except as otherwise provided elsewhere in this Agreement or on the Site, anything that you submit or post to the Site and/or provide us, including without limitation, ideas, know-how, techniques, questions, reviews, comments, and suggestions (collectively, "Submissions") is and will be treated as nonconfidential and nonproprietary, and we shall have the royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable and transferable right to use, copy, distribute, display, publish, perform, sell, lease, transmit, adapt, create derivative works from such Submissions by any means and in any form, and to translate, modify, reverse-engineer, disassemble, or decompile such Submissions.
All Submissions shall automatically become our sole and exclusive property and shall not be returned to you.
In addition to the rights applicable to any Submission, when you post comments or reviews to the Site, you also grant us the right to use the name that you submit with any review, comment, or other Content, if any, in connection with such review, comment, or other content.
You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the reviews, comments and other Content that you post on this Site and that use of your reviews, comments, or other Content by us will not infringe upon or violate the rights of any third party.
You shall not use a false e mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself or otherwise mislead us or third parties as to the origin of any Submissions or Content.
We may, but shall not be obligated to, remove or edit any Submissions (including comments or reviews) for any reason. Sales Taxes Some states require us to provide them with lists of residents of the state along with other personally identifiable information such as email addresses, mailing addresses and the items purchased which we are required to submit under the laws of these states. Transmissions Any material, information or idea you transmit to or post on this site by any means will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary, and may be disseminated or used by Crutchfield or its affiliates for any purpose whatsoever.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, all personal data provided to Crutchfield will be handled in accordance with Crutchfield's Privacy Policy.
You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic or profane material or any other material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under the law. Children's Online Policy Crutchfield is committed to the preservation of online privacy for all of its web site visitors, including children.
Consistent with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, we will not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.
Crutchfield.com sells products intended for purchase by adults.
If you make a purchase on Crutchfield.com, you are representing that you are an adult.
If you are a child under the age of 13, you must ask your parent or guardian to assist you in using Crutchfield.com. Terms of Sale, Shipping, Warranties Regardless of any terms or instructions to the contrary in any documents or communication made by a visitor or potential customer of Crutchfield, any sales made from Crutchfield whether through our website, retail stores and/or our call centers, shall be subject solely to the terms of sales, shipping methods/fees/times, and product warranty (if any) and all other terms and conditions set forth in writing on the Crutchfield site and/or catalog.
Any other terms or instructions supplied in any manner by a visitor or customer are void and are hereby replaced in their entirety by the Crutchfield terms and conditions.
Any entity or individual placing an order with Crutchfield acknowledges that they are aware of this clause and that they are fully authorized to agree to this clause. Term of Use Revisions Crutchfield may at any time revise these Terms of Use by updating this posting and expressly reserves the right to modify and/or terminate this site at any time, without prior notice, at its sole and absolute discretion.
By using this site, you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to determine the then current Terms of Use to which you are bound.
