
         Our Privacy Policy  For more than 46 years, Crutchfield has developed relationships with our customers based on respect and integrity.
We're aware of the trust and confidence you demonstrate when you visit our website and provide us with information.
The Privacy Notice below is posted to demonstrate our adherence to the practices you'll find common to the best websites online.
We promise that we will treat your information with the same honesty and sensitivity that we have displayed throughout our company's history.
 If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Notice, please call us toll-free at: 1-800-653-0982.
 Crutchfield.com Privacy Notice  By visiting Crutchfield.com you agree to accept the practices described in this Privacy Notice. Changes to this Privacy Notice, Conditions of Use and Notices  This Privacy Notice and our Terms of Use will change over time and the use of information which we gather now is subject to these Notices and Terms as modified.
Please check this page periodically as you continue to use our site to see if any changes have been made.
This privacy notice was most recently changed on 2/11/2020.
If you visit our Web site your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Terms of Use, including the application of the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, disallowance of class action suits and acceptance of arbitration. Personal Information Collected By Crutchfield  Crutchfield uses information that we collect from our visitors to personalize and improve your visit at Crutchfield.com.
During the past twelve months, we have gathered the following types of information:
 Information you give us: Crutchfield collects any information which you enter on our Web site.
This information is normally provided when you search, buy, participate in a contest, sweepstakes or on-line survey, or when you communicate with any of our departments such as customer service, sales or technical services through our Web site, telephone, mail or fax.
You also provide information when you establish an account with us.
Examples of the type of information you may supply us with include your name, address, telephone number, credit card information, e-mail addresses, and financial information such as your Social Security number.
 Automatic Information collected by us: Whenever you visit our Web site we collect and store information such as "cookies" which remember information about a visitor from one page to the next and from one visit to the next.
We collect and analyze the IP address used to connect your computer to the Internet.
login.
password.
computer and connection information such as your browser type and version.
operating system and platform.
purchase history.
confirmation when you open e-mail that we send you.
the URLs which lead you to and around our Web site and other sites on the World Wide Web, including the date and time.
the pages and or products you viewed or searched for and the phone number used to call our voice telephone numbers.
Your browser allows you to reject cookies and software is available from third parties which will allow you to visit our Web site without providing this information.
You are welcomed at our Web site if you use this software but we will not be able to offer you our personalized services.
 Orders: If you place an order we use a secure order form which requires you to provide contact, billing, and financial information.
This information is transmitted to your credit card company to authorize your purchase.
We may also share some personally identifiable information such as your name, address, email and/or telephone number with third parties that attempt to prevent fraudulent or security risks from placing an order.
These third parties will use this information solely for that purpose and will not be allowed to use this information to market or sell to you or to share any information with third parties.
 Order Status Updates: Signing up for Order Status updates means that Crutchfield will use your mobile phone number to text you updates when the status of your order changes.
These updates will include, but are not limited to, shipping confirmations and delivery alerts.
(Message and data rates may apply.) 
 Information Shared When You Finance: At certain times we may offer financing options with or without third party participation.
If you use a financing option information provided by you (such as your address, birth date, social security number, and credit card number) may be used to request a credit report from third parties or may be sent to a third party for processing.
 Action Tags: Crutchfield's web pages may contain action tags set by third party firms for the purpose of collecting anonymous information about the usage of our site by customers.
These companies may also use this anonymous information to serve ads that may be of interest to you when you visit other sites across the internet.
Action tags are also known as web beacons or 1 pixel gifs.
Action tags are a technique used to compile aggregated statistics about the effectiveness of our web site.
They do not use personally identifiable information, such as names or addresses.
Should you wish to opt out of providing this anonymous information you may do so by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative's consumer opt out page located at www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and the Digital Advertising Alliance's opt out page located at https://youradchoices.com/control

California Privacy: Under California law, customers of Crutchfield who are residents of California have certain rights regarding their personal information.
This section describes the rights of California residents under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and how to exercise them.


You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past twelve months.
Once we receive and verify your request, we will disclose to you: 
 The categories of personal information we collected about you.

 The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected.

 The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.

 Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling any personal information.

 The purposes for which the information we collected will be used.

 The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information.

 If we sold or shared your personal information for a business purpose.
and, if so, any categories of personal information that were sold or disclosed, and the categories of any third parties to whom personal information was sold or shared.



 You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions.
Once we receive and verify your request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.

 We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to: 
 Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our agreement with you.

 Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.

 Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.

 Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.

 Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act.

 Enable internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.

 Comply with a legal obligation.

 Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.






If you are a California resident who wishes to make such a request, please call us toll-free at: 1-800-653-0982 or make a privacy request.
 Only you or a person that you authorize to act on your behalf may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information.
However, you may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.

 You may make a verifiable consumer request up to two times within a twelve-month period, without charge.
Unfortunately, we cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm that the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
We will notify you that we have received your request within 10 days at either an email address which you provide us or which we may have or if you do not have or want to use an email address at any California or other US telephone number that you provide us with.

 We try to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt.
If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension time period (up to 90 days).
We will deliver our response by telephone or email, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the twelve-month period preceding receipt.
The response we provide will also explain any reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.

 If you wish to opt–out of the sale of personal information in the future, please use the following link Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
If exercised, the decision to opt–out will be valid for 12 months, at which time we may request that you authorize the sale or sharing of personal information again.

 We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights.
Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not: 

 Deny you goods or services.

 Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.

 Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.

 Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.



California Shine the Light Law

 As a California resident, you have the right to prevent disclosure of personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
We are providing you with a cost-free means to exercise that right.
Please use the following links Do Not Share My Personal Information and Do Not Sell My Personal Information and we will place you on the appropriate opt-out lists.


Nevada Privacy Policy: If you place an order or request a catalog we may from time to time share your name, mailing address and purchase category information with a few carefully selected marketing partners who may bring you offers of interest.
If you wish to opt out of sharing this information with these companies, or to request that we not sell any personally identifiable customer information to any third party in the future please use the following links Do Not Share My Personal Information and Do Not Sell My Personal Information and we will place you on the appropriate opt-out lists.
 Sharing of Information with third-parties  Affiliated Businesses and Crutchfield Corporation: We may share any information that you supply to us with any affiliated business that is substantially controlled by Crutchfield and Crutchfield Corporation.
Any information that is shared this way will be subject to this Privacy Notice.
 Independent Contractors: We employ other companies or individuals to provide certain services to us such as sending e-mail, providing Social Question &amp.
Answer functionality, providing click to call telephone calling services, analyzing customer lists and data, providing marketing assistance, or consulting services.
These third parties will have access to the information needed to perform their functions but cannot use that information for any direct marketing purpose.
 Third party service providers: Some of the products which we sell require us to provide your name, address, phone number and product serial number to the third party service provider(s) (Sirius, OnStar, and Goodman Solutions) that require this information in order to perform their services.
These third party service providers have their own privacy and data collection policies which are not controlled by Crutchfield.
We have no control, responsibility or liability for these policies and urge you to contact the third party provider if you have any questions.
 Orders and Catalog Requests: When you place your order and/or when you request that we send you a catalog from time to time we may share your name, mailing address and purchase category information with a few carefully selected marketing partners who may bring you offers of interest.
If you wish to opt out of sharing this information with these companies, please call 1-800-653-0982 or use the following link Do Not Share My Personal Information.
We will never share any telephone number(s), or financial information which you have given us with any marketing partner(s).

 Crutchfield has contracted with TurnTo Networks to provide Social Question and Answer functionality on Crutchfield.com, which enables shoppers to ask questions of customers who actually bought the items they are considering.
When you place an order, we will send TurnTo the purchaser’s first and last name, email address, zip code and information about the items ordered.
As a purchaser, you may receive emails asking you to answer questions about the products you purchased.
You may opt out of Social Q&A emails by unsubscribing from all Crutchfield email at this link or by calling 1-800-653-0982 toll-free.

 Aggregate information: We provide aggregate information to some of our business partners.
This information does not allow them to identify you individually.

 Vendors: We provide some of our vendors with your contact information so that they may contact you directly with product support information.
For example, we may supply your contact information to a Vendor if they request it in order to provide you with recall information about a product you have purchased from us.
 Credit card companies, other Payors and shippers: When you buy something from us we send your credit card information, name, billing address and the amount of your purchase to your credit card company to verify and authorize the purchase.
We will also send the same information (name, billing address and amount of your purchase) for other payment types which we may offer such as PayPal.
Your name, telephone number and shipping information must be provided to third party shippers such as UPS, Freight companies, Federal Express and the United States Postal Service to deliver your purchase.
We may also share any email address you have provided to us with these shippers if they need to contact you.

 Third Party Transaction-Level Data: If you visit our site from a third-party site the third-party site may be able to access your individual transaction information.
In order to track and credit your transaction the third-party site may give you a unique code, cookie or graphic which will uniquely identify you.
This will only happen if you link directly from a third party site to our Web site.
Any transactions made at our Web site while such a code is active will be reported back to the third party site.
We will only report non-personal information to these sites such as the date of the transaction, the product(s) purchased and the amount spent.
We will not report any information to these third party sites that will allow them to personally identify you, however based on information which may have previously been collected from you by the third party site they may be able to personally identify you by combining the information they have gathered with the information sent by us.
You should read the privacy policy posted by the third party site to see how they may use this information.
The presence of a 3rd party navbar atop our site is an indication that the third party site may be able to see your activity on our site.
In addition to the above, we will sell details of your transaction (which may include name, address, email address and items purchased) if you link to our Web Site from Sony.com and/or Alpine-usa.com.

 Third Party Ads, Surveys and Promotions: We may use third parties to display ads, surveys and various promotions on our site.
These third party applications may contain cookies or other code which are outside of our control.
Although we will attempt to only work with third parties who respect your privacy we do not control and are not responsible or liable for any information collected by these third parties or how it is used.
You should contact the third party directly or check the third party's privacy Notice to see how any information that they may gather will be used.
 Link to Third Party Site: Our Web site contains links to third party sites, such as our vendors.
Crutchfield does not control and is not responsible or liable for the privacy practices or content found on these sites.
We suggest that you check the Privacy Notice of each site you visit.
 Third Party Checkout Links: If you use a third party checkout link on our site such as PayPal your name, billing and shipping addresses and other information requested by that payment service is transferred to us from your account with the third party to enable you to check out of our site without having to re-enter certain information.
 We contract with an outside service called Adobe Analytics to help us better understand your use of Crutchfield.com.
Adobe Analytics places cookies on your computer to collect various kinds of information for us related to the use of our websites, so that we may continue to refine and improve the sites and better serve you.
Adobe Analytics is not allowed to collect any credit card, user name or password information, nor are they allowed to use data that they collect for us for any other purpose.
Additionally, Adobe Analytics is contractually required to maintain all the information collected for us in strict confidence.
You may opt out of the Adobe Analytics information collection by clicking here.
 We may share limited web browsing information of site visitors that have a prior relationship with PayPal and/or other Payors.
This information will allow the Payor to enhance the Payor’s targeted marketing to the site visitor.
The Payor may combine the information provided by us with information held by the Payor subject to the Payor’s privacy policy.
 Crutchfield has contracted with Support.com to provide video conferencing functionality on Crutchfield.com.
When you use this service any information transmitted through the service will be sent to Support.com’s servers and they will have access to this information which will be subject to Support.com’s Privacy Policy located at https://www.support.com/legal/site-privacy-policy/ You may opt out of this by not using our video conferencing service.

 Crutchfield has contracted with Callminer.com to transcribe any recording which may be made of any calls you place to us to analyze the service levels and efficiency of these calls.
Although we attempt to remove any personally identifiable information from these calls there is a slight possibility that some of this information may be included in the audio recording sent to Callminer.com.
 Law Enforcement and Protection of Users  We will release personally identifiable information to third parties and organizations when we believe it is appropriate for us to do so to comply with the law.
We will also do so to cooperate with law enforcement investigations, comply with court orders or subpoenas, protect the legal rights of us and our users, or when we believe it is needed for fraud protection and/ or credit risk reduction. Business Transfer  Crutchfield has been in business independently for years, and our intent is to continue in this manner.
However, in the unlikely event that Crutchfield is sold, has substantially all of its assets acquired or merges or becomes affiliated with any other individual or entity any customer information owned or under the control of Crutchfield may be one of the transferred assets. Security  Our Web site protects the security of personal information you transmit to us by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts the information you input during the transmission to us.
We do not reveal your credit card number when we confirm your order.
In order to protect against unauthorized access to your account you should sign off when you finish visiting our site. Choice/Opt-Out: We support several options for limiting the amount and type of information you share on our website:

You can choose to browse our Web site without accepting cookies.
Please know that cookies allow us to recognize you from page to page, and they support your transactions with us.
Without cookies enabled, you will still be able to browse our website, but will not be able to take advantage of certain website features.
We do not currently monitor or honor any "Do Not Track" browser settings.
You may opt out of Adobe Analytics information collection by clicking here.
You may opt out of select third party action-based advertising by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative's consumer opt out page located at www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and the Digital Advertising Alliance's opt out page located at https://youradchoices.com/control.
You may opt out of Social Q&A powered by TurnTo by unsubscribing from all Crutchfield emails here or by calling 1-800-653-0982 toll-free.
You may opt out of email marketing communications by clicking here or by calling 1-800-653-0982 toll-free.
 Children's Online Policy  Crutchfield is committed to the preservation of online privacy for all of its web site visitors, including children.
Consistent with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, we will not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.
Crutchfield.com sells products intended for purchase by adults.
If you make a purchase on Crutchfield.com, you are representing that you are an adult and at least 18 years old.
If you are a child under the age of 13, you must ask your parent or guardian to assist you in using Crutchfield.com.

