
         Privacy Policy
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of any information when you use CryptoTab Browser.
By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
We respect your privacy and work hard to ensure that we only ever receive the minimum amount of information needed to support the features you’re using.
We meticulously protect all the information that we receive.
Log data
We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit CryptoTab Browser ("Log data").
This Log data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier.
Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive. We use "cookies" to collect information.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Security
We take great care in implementing and maintaining the security of CryptoTab Browser and your information.
We employ industry standard procedures and policies to ensure the safety of our users’ information, and prevent unauthorized use of any such information.
Although we take reasonable steps to safeguard information, we cannot be responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access or abuse our product, and we make no warranty, express, implied or otherwise, that we will prevent such access.
SSL/TLS encryption
We use SSL/TLS encryption for security reasons and for the protection of the transmission of confidential content, such as the inquiries you send to us as the site operator.
You can recognize an encrypted connection in your browser's address line when it changes from "http://" to "https://" and the lock icon is displayed in your browser's address bar.
If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data you transfer to us cannot be read by third parties.
Links to other sites
Our Service may contain advertising and links to other sites that are not operated by us.
If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site.
We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time.
We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@cryptobrowser.site.
