
        You must be 18 years or older to participate in this web-only offer.
You are required to use your own credit card or debit card.
You cannot use the credit card of another person or entity that is not solely owned by you.
I am at least 18 years of age and agree to these terms and conditions: By placing your order today, you will be receiving:
1-month supply of Century Biotics products and be billed: $67.00 with 6.95 shipping for a total cost of $73.95.
Your order will be shipped within 72 hours via USPS.
Your tracking number will be emailed to you.
3-month supply of Century Biotics products and be billed: $171.00 with $6.95 shipping for a total cost of $177.95.
Your order will be shipped within 72 hours via USPS.
Your tracking number will be emailed to you.
5-month supply of Century Biotics products and be billed: $235.00 with free shipping for a total cost of $235.00.
Your order will be shipped within 72 hours via USPS.
Your tracking number will be emailed to you.
VIP Membership ProgramFrom time to time Century Biotics may offer a VIP Membership Program.
You must specifically opt-in to this program for activation.With our VIP Program, all of your future orders are greatly discounted, and you’ll never pay for shipping again: Here’s how it works: Just before your current supply runs out, we’ll send you a fresh 1/2/3/5 month supply of product at our 10% VIP discount with free shipping automatically charged to the same method of payment used for your initial purchase.
then every 30/60/90/150 days thereafter.
You are always guaranteed this discounted rate, even if we raise our prices in the future.
You can cancel or change your preferred shipments at any time you choose by simply calling or email customer support.
RefundsIf you are not fully satisfied with your purchase, you may request a full refund of the purchase price within 60 days.
Part of the cancelation process is returning the original shipment.
I do understand that I will have to return the unused portion of the product to receive any sort of credit or refund.
I do understand that part of the cancelation process requires me to have a cancelation number.
I must retain this number as proof of my cancelation.
I do understand that I have a 60-day return policy.
I can take advantage of this return policy at any time.
This 60-day return policy starts from the original order date.
Refunds usually take up to 7-10 business days to process back into your account.
These processing days start from when the package is received at the return center.
AGREEING TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS ON THE WEBSITE OR OVER THE PHONE
By clicking on the box or button at the time of order and agreeing to the terms and conditions or agreeing to the terms during the course of a customer service call, you are providing an electronic and/or verbal authorization for Century Biotics to charge to your credit or debit card pursuant to the electronic funds Transfer act.
(See a copy of the act below)
Century Biotics reserves the right to package the product being shipped to the end consumer with any of its privately labeled brands.
Due to production there will arise instances where you will receive the same quality product with different labeling.
We assure you that all of our various privately labeled products are of the same quality and we aim to give you the best experience possible.
Century Biotics is not responsible for any third parties that may market, distribute and or label our products.
Our sole distribution is based from our website.
We may use a third party shipping company which assumes the timely delivery of your product.
All testimonials are not to be misconstrued as personal endorsements of Century Biotics products.
Century Biotics is a distributor of Century Biotics.
Any inquiries regarding methods for use, etc.
should be directed to Century Biotics at:
Century Biotics18711 Sherman Way #106E, Reseda, CA 91335
Century Biotics No-Hassle Product Return PolicyYou may cancel at any time by calling our customer service center at 888-717-5722 via written correspondence to: support@crystalflush.com.
Customer Service is open Monday - Friday between the hours of 9am-5pm EST
CopyrightAll website design, text, graphics is property of Century Biotics.
Any other use of materials on this Web site, including reproduction, for purposes other than noted above, modification, distribution, or replication-without the prior written permission of Century Biotics is strictly prohibited.
TrademarkCentury Biotics web pages, and all page headers, custom graphics and button icons are service marks, trademarks, and/or trade dress of Century Biotics.
All other trademarks, product names and company names or logos cited herein are the property of their respective owners.
Arbitration and Waiver of Class ActionIf you purchase or participate in a trial for Century Biotics in the United States (including its possessions and territories) or any other location, you and Century Biotics agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating in any way to the Century Biotics products or services, these Terms and Conditions of How the Offer Works, Returns and Refund Policy, Privacy Policy, Contact Information Terms and this Arbitration Agreement, shall be determined by binding arbitration or in small claims court.
Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court.
Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts.
Arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award.
YOU AGREE THAT, BY AGREEING TO THESE TERMS OF USE, THE U.S.
FEDERAL ARBITRATION ACT GOVERNS THE INTERPRETATION AND ENFORCEMENT OF THIS PROVISION, AND THAT YOU AND ELITE WHITE LTD ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION.
If this arbitration clause is determined to be unenforceable, you agree that all claims will be handled and brought in small claims court.
This arbitration provision shall survive termination of this Agreement and the termination of your auto-ship membership..
If you elect to seek arbitration or file a small claim court action, you must first send to Century Biotics, by certified mail, a written Notice of your claim ("Notice").
The Notice to Century Biotics must be addressed to: General Counsel, Century Biotics., 18711 Sherman Way #106E, Reseda, CA 91335 ("Notice Address").
If Century Biotics initiates arbitration, it will send a written Notice to the email address used for your membership account.
A Notice, whether sent by you or by Century Biotics, must (a) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute.
and (b) set forth the specific relief sought ("Demand").
If Century Biotics and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the claim within 30 days after the Notice is received, you or Century Biotics may commence an arbitration proceeding or file a claim in small claims court.
The arbitration will be governed by the Commercial Arbitration Rules and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (collectively, "AAA Rules") of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"), as modified by this Agreement, and will be administered by the AAA.
The AAA Rules and Forms are available online at www.adr.org, by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879, or by writing to the Notice Address.
You may download or copy a form Notice and a form to initiate arbitration at www.adr.org.
If you are required to pay a filing fee, after Century Biotics receives notice at the Notice Address that you have commenced arbitration, Century Biotics will promptly reimburse you for your payment of the filing fee, unless your claim is for greater than US $10,000, in which event the parties will be equally responsible for filing fees.
The arbitrator is bound by the terms of this Agreement.
All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, including issues relating to the scope and enforceability of this arbitration agreement.
If your claim is for US $10,000 or less, we agree that you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, through a telephonic hearing, or by an in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules.
If your claim exceeds US $10,000, the right to a hearing will be determined by the AAA Rules.
Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based.
If the arbitrator issues you an award that is greater than the value of Century Biotics’s last written settlement offer made before an arbitrator was selected (or if Century Biotics did not make a settlement offer before an arbitrator was selected), then Century Biotics will pay you the amount of the award or US $1,000, whichever is greater.
Except as expressly set forth herein, the payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA Rules.
YOU AND CENTURY BIOTICS AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR, OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.
Further, unless both you and Century Biotics agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person's claims with your claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding.
If this specific provision is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this arbitration provision shall be null and void.
The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's individual claim.
The arbitrator may not award either party punitive damages.
Unless prohibited by the AAA Rules, the arbitrator shall award the prevailing party its reasonable attorney's fees and costs.
DisclaimerCENTURY BIOTICS IS PROVIDING THIS SITE AND ITS CONTENTS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO THIS SITE OR ITS CONTENTS.
Century Biotics DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING FOR EXAMPLE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
IN ADDITION, Century Biotics DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE INFORMATION ACCESSIBLE VIA THIS SITE IS ACCURATE, COMPLETE OR CURRENT.
PRICE AND AVAILABILITY INFORMATION IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE.
WarrantiesCentury Biotics does not provide any warranties on products.
Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages or exclusions or limitations on the duration of implied warranties or conditions, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability: Purchase and Use of ProductsCentury Biotics shall have no liability to you as a publisher of information, or reseller of any products or vendor services, including, without limitation, any liability for any defective products.
CENTURY BIOTICS MAKES NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES SOLD, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
WarningWe will try to place the proper warnings and product interactions throughout this web site, but inevitably we will fail to cover all subject matter.
That is why it is imperative that you speak with your primary health care practitioner before buying or using products sold by Century Biotics or any other company.
Each person is different, and the way each person reacts to a particular product may be significantly different from each other.
YOU SHOULD ALWAYS SEEK THE ADVICE OF A PROFESSIONAL BEFORE USING ANY PRODUCT, AND YOU SHOULD ALWAYS INFORM YOUR PHARMACY AND PHYSICIAN OF ITS USE.
Use of this SiteExcept as specifically stated on this site, neither Century Biotics nor any of its directors, employees or other representatives will be liable for damages arising out of or in connection with the use of this site.
This is a comprehensive limitation of liability that applies to all damages of any kind, including (without limitation) compensatory, direct, indirect or consequential damages, loss of data, income or profit, loss of damage to property and claims of third parties.
We do not warrant and shall have no liability regarding information provided in this site regarding recommendations for any and all purposes.
SMS, Wireless and Other Mobile OfferingsSome of the services that we provide will result in sending an SMS, wireless or other mobile offering to your cell phone.
These should be obvious in the context of the offering at the time you sign up.
By signing up, you are agreeing to receive these mobile offerings.
You understand that your wireless carrier's standard rates apply to these messages.
To unsubscribe or discontinue SMS messages, send "STOP", "END", "QUIT" to the SMS text message you have received.
This process impacts only the future delivery of the particular SMS message offering, so you must send that message for each offering.
This will not affect offerings sent on behalf of third parties.
Contacting the Web SiteIf you have any questions about the practices of this site or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact or call us Toll Free at 888-717-5722 or via written correspondence to:
Century Biotics18711 Sherman Way #106E, Reseda, CA 91335

