
        
Permission To Re-Use RFE/RL Content
The contents of the website and/or associated digital platforms of RFE/RL, Inc.
and its 22 Services are protected by U.S.
and international copyright laws.
RFE/RL welcomes the re-use, republication, and redistribution of text-based content published on its digital platforms.
We also welcome the re-posting of RFE/RL text content to websites, mailing lists, newsgroups, and databases on a regular basis.
The sale of RFE/RL content, however, is strictly prohibited.

Re-Use of Text Content

When using RFE/RL text content in full, we require that you credit RFE/RL by including:

A permanent link, placed before the text of the article, to the original article on www.rferl.org,
The following text somewhere in the article: Copyright (c) 2019.
RFE/RL, Inc.
Reprinted with the permission of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, 1201 Connecticut Ave NW, Ste 400, Washington DC 20036.

When using excerpts of RFE/RL text content, we require that you note that the material is an excerpt and link to the original content somewhere in your text.
You must also refrain from altering or distorting the meaning, name, or integrity of the product.
When translating RFE/RL text content into another language, we require that you note that the material is a translation, state the original language of the text, and provide a link to the original content somewhere in your text.
The translated text must not alter or distort the meaning, name, or integrity of the content.
RFE/RL reserves the right to revoke permission for use of its content at any time.
To inquire about the re-use of RFE/RL text content, including the establishment of syndication relationships, please contact Deputy Director of Media and Public Affairs Martins Zvaners at permissions@rferl.org

Re-Use of Audio, Video, Graphic, or Photo Content

No broadcast, rebroadcast, or other use of streamed or on-demand audio and video, graphic, or photo content located on the website and/or associated digital platforms of RFE/RL and its 22 Services is permitted without the express, written authorization of RFE/RL, Inc.
To receive permission to re-use RFE/RL audio and video, graphic, or photo content:

Complete and sign this form: RFE/RL Content License
Send it to Deputy Director of Media and Public Affairs Martins Zvaners at permissions@rferl.org.
Once it is confirmed that the requested material belongs to RFE/RL, the form will be countersigned and returned to you.

As noted in the License, RFE/RL audio and video, graphic, or photo content must be clearly credited to "Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty.” For instructions on use of RFE/RL logos, email permissions@rferl.org

Third-Party Content

Some RFE/RL news products contain content created by individual photographers and/or outside parties ("third-party content") such as Associated Press, Reuters, Agence France-Presse, ITAR-TASS, and so on.
Before using any RFE/RL products containing third-party content, you must first obtain permission not only from RFE/RL, but from the owner of the rights to the third-party content.

Please direct all questions regarding re-use of RFE/RL content to permissions@rferl.org

Data privacy​
Here at RFE/RL we take the privacy of our subscribers seriously.
We want to be fully transparent when it comes to how we handle your personal data.
We do not store any personal data about you besides your e-mail address.

We only use your e-mail address to send you the newsletters to which you have subscribed, your e-mail address is protected with us and it will never be used for any other purposes.
We have an external partner - Goolara, LLC (located in California, USA) helping us with the e-mail newsletters.
We have signed appropriate agreements with Goolara, LLC ensuring that they take data protection as seriously as we do.
If you have any questions regarding your data privacy, please do not hesitate to contact us at dataprotection@rferl.org 
