
        
Terms of service
1) ABOUT US


1.
Cutt.ly (cutt.ly) is owned by PATRYK RUMIŃSKI, doing business as WEB ROOM STUDIO PATRYK RUMIŃSKI
from its principal place of business in Gdańsk, registered with the Polish Central Business Records and
Information Service maintained by the minister in charge of economic affairs, whose business address and
the address for service is ul.
Śląska 15A/9, 80-384 Gdańsk, tax identification number: (NIP/VAT-EU) PL7431817809,
business identification number: REGON 220981298, e-mail address: contact@cutt.ly (hereinafter “the
Service Provider”).


2.
The Service Provider operates the Website and is responsible for the proper provision of the Website’s
Electronic Services.
In addition to the Service Provider, the Website features Customers, i.e.
third parties
independent of the Service Provider who can use the Website’s Electronic Services via the Website.


3.
Personal data processed on the Website to implement the provisions hereof is administered by the Service
Provider.
Such personal data is processed for the purposes, for the duration, and based on the principles
and rules specified in the privacy statement published on the Website.
Among other things, the privacy
statement lays down how personal data is processed by the Administrator on the Website, including the
framework, purposes, and processing duration of personal data and the rights of data subjects, as well as
informs on what cookies and analytical tools are used on the Website.
Use of the Website is voluntary.
Disclosure of personal data by the Website’s user is also voluntary, save for the exceptions indicated in the
policy statement (signing the contract and the Service Provider’s statutory obligations).


2) DEFINITIONS


1.
The definitions used throughout these Regulations have the following meanings:


a.
SUBSCRIPTION – paid access to the subscription-based Premium Account as set out in the terms and conditions of the App Regulations and the Pricelist.


b.
BLOG – an Electronic Service, a web blog available on the Website to its Customers which contains articles describing how shortened links can be used in practice.


c.
PRICELIST – a pricelist for the use of the Website’s functionalities by Sellers, which is attached to these Regulations.


d.
WORKING DAY - one day between Monday and Friday, save for public holidays.


e.
CIVIL CODE – Civil Code Act of April 23, 1964 (Journal of Laws No.
16, item 93, as amended).


f.
ACCOUNT – an Electronic Service, a collection of resources in the Service Provider’s data communication system where data provided by the Customer and information on Shortened Links is gathered, identified with an individual name (login) and password assigned by the Service Provider.


g.
NEWSLETTER – an Electronic Service enabling all Customers to automatically receive successive newsletter issues with information on novelties.


h.
REGULATIONS – these Website Regulations.


i.
WEBSITE, SITE, CUTT.LY – Service Provider’s website available on https://cutt.ly.


j.
LINK SHORTENING – an Electronic Service enabling all Customers to reduce the length of the selected link.


k.
ELECTRONIC SERVICE – a service provided electronically by the Service Provider to the Customer via the Website as set forth herein.


l.
USER, CUSTOMER – an individual having full legal capacity and, where so stipulated under generally applicable laws, also an individual with limited legal capacity who uses or is going to use an Electronic Service.


m.
SERVICE PROVIDER – PATRYK RUMIŃSKI, doing business as WEB ROOM STUDIO PATRYK RUMIŃSKI from its principal place of business in Gdańsk, registered with the Polish Central Business Records and Information Service maintained by the minister in charge of economic affairs, whose business address and the address for service is ul.
Śląska 15A/9, 80-384 Gdańsk, tax identification number: (NIP/VAT-EU) PL7431817809 , REGON: 220981298, e-mail address: contact@cutt.ly.


n.
CONSUMER RIGHTS ACT, ACT – Consumer Rights Act of May 30, 2014 (Journal of Laws of 2014, item 827, as amended).




3) ABOUT CUTT.LY


1.
Cutt.ly is a portal that makes it possible for Customers, among other things, to shorten links referring to
other webpages, to manage their links, to follow click statistics and to optimize their links by changing their
name or address, as well as to add their own domains and create short links within such domains.
The
Website’s functionalities are listed in detail on: https://cutt.ly/pro-pricing or https://cutt.ly/url-shortener-features.


4) GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE OF THE WEBSITE


1.
The Customer is obligated to use the Website in a legitimate way and in accordance with good manners
while respecting the Service Provider’s and third parties’ personality rights, copyrights, and intellectual
property rights.
The Customer is obligated to provide his or her actual details.
The Customer is not permitted
to provide any illegitimate content.


2.
Technical requirements for using the Service Provider’s data communication system: (1) computer, laptop,
tablet, smartphone, or any other multimedia device with Internet access.
(2) web browser: Mozilla Firefox
20.0 or higher (stable) or Internet Explorer 9.0 or higher (stable), Google Chrome 25.0.
or higher (stable).
(3) cookies and Javascript enabled in the web browser.


3.
The Service Provider complies with article 14 clause 1 of the Provision of Electronic Services Act of July 18,
2002 (Journal of Laws of 2002, No.
144, item 1204, as amended) whereby who, making available resources
of its data communication system for the customer to store his or her data, is not aware of the illegitimacy
of such data or any related activity and prevents access to such data after being officially notified of or
becoming aware of the illegitimacy of such data or any related activity shall not be held liable for such stored
data.


5) ELECTRONIC SERVICES AVAILABLE ON THE WEBSITE


1.
Every Customer can use the Website as set forth herein.


2.
The Customer can use the following of the Website’s Electronic Services:


a.
Blog


b.
Account


c.
Newsletter


d.
Link shortening and management of shortened links




3.
A detailed description of the Electronic Services and how to use them can be found herein and on the
Website.


4.
Where not specified otherwise on the Website, Customers use the basic features of the Electronic Services
free of charge.
Subscription-based options are available against payment, which is in each case specified on
the Website.


6) BLOG


1.
The Blog available on the Website can be used free of charge and accessed by every Customer.


2.
The mere browsing of the Blog is possible once you enter the appropriate tab of the Website.


3.
The Customer can, at any time and without having to state the reason therefor, stop browsing the Blog by
closing the web browser.


7) ACCOUNT


1.
Account – the Account can be used after all of the following three steps are made by the Customer:
– (1) the Registration Form is completed, (2) the Create Account field is clicked.
and (3) the willingness to
open an Account is confirmed by clicking the confirmation link automatically sent to the designated e-mail
address.
The Customer has thirty days to confirm the creation of the Account.
upon expiry of this period,
his or her details will be deleted.
In the Registration Form, the Customer has to fill in the following of his
or her details: e-mail address and password.
The registration is also possible by using your Facebook,
Twitter and Google login data.


2.
Use of the basic features of the Account is available free of charge.
Use of the additional options offered
on the Website is available against payment and is possible after the Subscription is bought as set forth in
the Pricelist.
The Subscription is a service delivered by the Service Provider to the Customer for an
indefinite period of time.
Depending on the Customer’s selection, the billing period is either one month or one year
starting from the date on which the Customer obtains access to the Account.


3.
The Subscription can be bought via the relevant tab of the Website.
The fee for using the subscriptionbased
Account is charged in accordance with the Pricelist.
The Customer is obliged to pay for the current
Subscription period in advance.
If the Subscription is not terminated before its expiry, it is automatically
renewed by the same period.
During the new subscription period, the Customer has access to paid
functionalities from the moment they pay for the new period.


4.
The Customer may, at any time and without specifying reasons, resign from the extension of the Subscription
for the next subscription period by selecting the relevant option on the Website.
In such an event, the Customer
continues to have access to paid functionalities until the end of the ongoing subscription period.


5.
During the ongoing subscription period, the Customer may upgrade or downgrade their subscription plan,
with every downgrade of the Subscription having effect only at the end of the ongoing subscription period.
If the subscription plan is upgraded, the Customer is obliged to pay the difference in price.
The subscription
plan is upgraded immediately, but not earlier than after the balance is credited to the Customer’s account.
Shorter subscription periods (e.g.
when an average annual plan is upgraded to the highest monthly plan)
are upgraded immediately, but the balance resulting from a shortened subscription period is shown in the
Account as a credit to use when extending the Subscription to another period.


6.
All the Subscription prices shown in the Pricelist are denominated in U.S.
dollars (USD), and are inclusive of
all applicable taxes.


7.
The Service Provider reserves the right to suspend the Customer’s account in any of the following events:
a.
if, despite being warned by the Service Provider and learning the reasons of such warning, the
Customer remains in breach of these Regulations or any other generally applicable laws.
b.
a.
if, despite being warned by the Service Provider and learning the reasons of such warning,
the Customer’s conduct is harmful to the Service Provider’s or the Website’s reputation.


8.
The Account may be suspended either for a fixed period specified by the Service Provider or for an
indefinite period of time.
When the Account is suspended, you cannot use any of its functionalities.
When
the Account is suspended, the Customer is obliged to remove the reasons for its suspension, and after such
reasons are removed, to immediately notify the Service Provider thereof.
The Service Provider reactivates
the Account once the reasons for its suspension do not exist anymore, but not later then within 10 Business
Days.


9.
If the Account is suspended and the subscription reasons are not removed for more than 30 days, the
Service Provider may terminate the Electronic Service contract by giving a seven days’ notice to the
Customer.


8) PAYMENT METHOD AND ACCESS TO SUBSCRIPTION


1.
The Service Provider enables the Customer to pay for the functionalities offered as part of the Subscription
as follows: payment by credit card via Adyen.com https://adyen.com.


2.
Electronic payments and payments by card are handled by Adyen.com - Adyen BV with headquarters in 1011 EB Amsterdam, Simon Carmiggeltstraat 6-50, Amsterdam, Netherlands.
(CC Amsterdam 34259528, VAT UE: NL817154243B01).


3.
The Customer is obliged to make payment immediately, but not later than before the start of the selected
billing period.
Access to paid functionalities offered under the Subscription is enabled in each billing period
provided that it has been paid for.


9) NEWSLETTER


1.
The Newsletter can be used after you enter in the Website’s Newsletter tab your e-mail address to which
successive Newsletter issues should be sent and click the confirmation link sent to your designated e-mail
address.
The Customer has thirty days to confirm his or her subscription to the Newsletter.
upon expiry of
this period, his or her details will be deleted.


2.
The Newsletter Service is provided free of charge for an indefinite period of time.
The Customer can, at any
time and without having to state the reason therefor, cancel (give up) his or her subscription to the
Newsletter by submitting a relevant request to the Service Provider, in particular by sending an e-mail to
contact@cutt.ly or by writing to ul.
Śląska 15A/9, 80-384 Gdańsk.


10) SHORTENING LINKS, ADDING YOUR OWN DOMAINS AND CREATING SHORT LINKS WITHIN SUCH DOMAINS


1.
The Link shortening service can be used after you enter a link in the edit field and click the action field.


2.
Among other things, the Customer can:

a.
use an API with their own domain.

b.
set redirects pointing to their own domains (redirects to the homepage and 404 page)


c.
redirect mobile links, i.e.
set the final redirect depending on the mobile system in use: iOS,
Android, Windows Phone.


d.
change the source of the shortened link.


e.
create links that are available only after entering a password.


f.
delete any shortened links.


g.
create shared accounts and invite others to the account, as well as create and manage groups.


h.
generate link lists as CSV files.


i.
monitor the site status, including any maintenance breaks or failures.




3.
The availability of some functionalities depends on the Subscription selected by the Customer from the
Pricelist.
A detailed list and functionality descriptions, including information on which functionality is
offered against payment, can be found on https://cutt.ly/pro-pricing or https://cutt.ly/url-shortener-features.


4.
The Link Shortening Service is provided against payment as a subscription-based functionality of the
Account for an indefinite period of time.


5.
In addition to the Link Shortening Service, the Customer can also check that there is no hidden spam or
inappropriate content in the link they provide.


6.
The Customer can also add his or her own domain and create short links within such a domain.
For this purpose, the domain the Customer wants to add has to be redirected to the Service Provider’s IP have to be modified by setting DNS A Record.


7.
The Customer can also preview the statistics of clicks on his or her shortened link.


11) DISABLING AND REMOVING LINKS FROM THE DATABASE



1.
The Service Provider can disable links, domains and subdomains that:

has been put on any blacklist.


has been reported to be suspicious (after I find the report to be right).


contains more than one redirect.


has been reported as potential malicious/spam, etc..


contains unacceptable contents (pornography, violence, etc.).


violates these Regulations.




12) HOW TO CONTACT US


Regular distant communications with you are primarily ensured by the Website’s contact form, e-mail (e-mail:
contact@cutt.ly), which you can use to exchange information with the Service Provider on how to use the
Website.
Customers can also contact us using other methods permitted by law.


13) COMPLAINTS ABOUT THE WEBSITE AND ELECTRONIC SERVICES


1.
Complaints regarding the functioning of the Website and Electronic Services can be filed by Customers using
the Website’s contact form, by e-mail (e-mail: contact@cutt.ly), or by traditional mail (ul.
Śląska 15A/9, 80-
384 Gdańsk).


2.
The Service Provider recommends including the following in the complaint description: (1) information on
the complaint subject and the related circumstances, in particular the type and date of any malfunction;(2)
the Customer’s demand.
and(3) the complaining party’s contact details to make it easier and faster for the
complaint to be processed by the Service Provider.
The requirements specified in the foregoing sentence
are recommendations only and do not affect the efficacy of the complaint filed otherwise than
recommended.


3.
The Service Provider will state its position on the complaint immediately, but not later than within fourteen
calendar days of its receipt.


14) WITHDRAWAL FROM THE CONTRACT BY CONSUMERS


1.
This section of the Regulations applies only to Customers who are consumers and to the distant contracts
with the Service Provider they may enter into.


2.
The consumer is not entitled to withdraw from the following distant contracts:
(1) contracts for the provision of services if the Vendor has delivered a full service with the express
agreement of the consumer, who was informed before receiving the service that the consumer would lose
his or her right to withdraw from the contract once the service is delivered.
(2) contracts for the provision
of digital content that is not recorded on a physical data carrier if the provision of a service is started with
the express consent of the consumer before the expiration of the period to withdraw from the contract and
after the consumer is informed by the Vendor about the consumer’s losing his or her right to withdraw from
the contract.


3.
Subject to clause 13.2 hereof, the consumer who has entered into a distant contract may, within fourteen
calendar days, withdraw from such a contract without having to state the reason therefor and incur any
costs whatsoever, save for the exception described in this clause.
To meet the withdrawal deadline, it is
sufficient to send a relevant statement before the expiry thereof.


4.
The withdrawal period starts from the signing date of the contract.


5.
All statements sent to the Service Provider in connection with exercising your right to withdraw from the
contract may be made using the contact details indicated in clause 11 hereof.


6.
The provisions of this clause 14 of the Regulations relating to the consumer are applicable from January 1,
2021, and for contracts signed thereafter, also in relation to Customers who are private individuals signing
a contract that is directly associated with their business provided that such a contract does not seem to be
related to their business, in particular to the principal activities of such individuals as disclosed under the
Polish Central Business Records and Information Service regulations.


15) OUT-OF-COURT RESOLUTION OF COMPLAINTS AND SETTLEMENT OF CLAIMS.
RULES OF ACCESS TO THESE PROCEDURES


1.
This section of the Regulations applies only to Customers who are consumers.


2.
Details of how the Customer being a consumer can use and access out-of-court resolution of complaints
and settlement of claims are available from the Office of Competition and Consumer Protection’s website:
https://uokik.gov.pl/pozasadowe_rozwiazywanie_sporow_konsumenckich.php.


3.
The President of the Office of Competition and Consumer Protection also runs a point of contact (phone:
22 55 60 333, e-mail: kontakt.adr@uokik.gov.pl or mail address: Pl.
Powstańców Warszawy 1, 00-030
Warszawa) whose aim is, among other things, to provide consumers with assistance regarding out-of-court
resolution of consumer disputes.


4.
For instance, the consumer can use the following procedures for out-of-court resolution of complaints and
settlement of claims: (1) dispute resolution application to the Permanent Consumer Arbitration Court (more
details on the website: http://www.spsk.wiih.org.pl).
(2) dispute resolution application to the Provincial Inspectorate of Trade (more details on the website of the
inspectorate with jurisdiction over the Vendor’s principal place of business).
and (3) assistance from a
district (municipal) consumer ombudsman or social organization whose statutory objectives include
consumer protection (including, but not limited to: Consumers’ Federation, Polish Consumers’ Association).
Among other things, advice is provided can be requested by sending an e-mail to
porady@dlakonsumentow.pl or calling the consumer hotline 801 440 220 (the hotline is open on working
days between 8:00 a.m.
and 6:00 p.m., call cost depending on your call plan).


5.
On the site https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr, you can find a platform for online dispute resolution
between consumers and entrepreneurs at EU level (ODR platform).
The ODR platform is an interactive
multi-language website offering comprehensive assistance to consumers and entrepreneurs who would like
to resolve their contractual disputes arising from online purchase or services contracts out of court (more
details on the platform’s website or that of the Office of Competition and Consumer Protection:
https://uokik.gov.pl/spory_konsumenckie_faq_platforma_odr.php).


16) COPYRIGHTS


1.
The copyrights and intellectual property rights to the Website as a whole and to any part thereof, including
any content, artwork, piece of work, pattern, and trademark displayed as part thereof, are owned by the
Service Provider or other eligible third parties, and are subject to copyright and other generally applicable
laws.
The protection granted to the Website comprises all forms of their expression.


2.
Trademarks owned by the Service Provider and third parties should be used in accordance with applicable
laws.


17) FINAL PROVISIONS


1.
Contracts signed by Cutt.ly are made in Polish.


2.
These Regulations come into force as soon as they are published, i.e.
posted in its entirety on the Website.



3.
The Service Provider reserves the right to amend the Regulations for cause, i.e.
due to legislative changes
or changes in the scope or form of the Electronic Services insofar as such changes might affect the
implementation of the provisions hereof.

a.
For subscription contracts signed hereunder (e.g.
subscription of the Newsletter Service), the
Customer is bound by the revised Regulations if the requirements specified in articles 384 and 384[1]
of the Civil Code are fulfilled, i.e.
the Customer has been properly notified of the revision and has
not terminated the contract within fourteen calendar days of being notified.
If the revision of the
Regulations results in the introduction of any new fees or an increase in the existing ones, the
Customer being a consumer is entitled to withdraw from the contract.


b.
For non-subscription contracts signed hereunder (e.g.
purchase contracts), changes in the
Regulations will not in any way affect the rights Customers being consumers have acquired before
the effective date of the revision, in particular no change in the Regulations will affect any of the
existing or pending purchase orders, or any contracts signed, performed, or carried out.




4.
All matter not provided for herein shall be governed by the generally applicable provisions of Polish law, in
particular the Civil Code, the Provision of Electronic Services Act of July 18, 2002 (Journal of Laws of 2002,
No.
144, item 1204, as amended), the Consumer Rights Act, and other generally applicable laws.




These Regulations do not exclude the provisions applicable in the contracting Customer’s place of usual residence
which cannot be excluded by means of a contract.
In such an event, the Service Provider provides the Customer
with the same protection as ensured under the regulations that cannot be excluded by means of a contract.
We thank you for having carefully read these Regulations!


If you have any questions, we are always at your disposal – please contact directly your Account Manager or use
the contact details first written above.


Feel free to use our services.


18) WITHDRAWAL FORM TEMPLATE (APPENDIX 2 TO THE CONSUMER RIGHTS ACT)


Withdrawal Form Template


