
         Payment Rates
Payment Proof 
English


English


Spanish


Arabic


French
 Log in Sign up Payment Rates
Payment Proof 
English


English


Spanish


Arabic


French
 Log in Sign up Terms Of Use
Welcome to https://cuty.io (“Site” or “Website”).
This website is owned and operated by Cuty from Morocco.
Throughout the Site, the terms “we”, “us”, “platform” and “our” refer to Cuty.
We offer this website, including all information, tools, and services available from this site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies, and notices stated here.
By visiting our site and/or when using any of our features, you (“User”) engage in our “Service” and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms”), including those additional terms and conditions and policies referenced herein and/or available by hyperlink.
These Terms and Conditions apply to all users of the site, including without limitation users who are browsers, users and/ or contributors of content. Eligibility
To access or use the Service, you must be at least 10 years old.
 Accounts, Registrations, and Passwords
If you use this Site and such use requires setting up an account and/or password(s), you are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password(s) and for restricting access to your computer.
If you open an account, register, or otherwise provide us with any information, you agree to provide us with current, complete, and accurate information as requested by any forms.
Cuty is not responsible for any errors or delays in responding to any inquiry or request caused by any outdated or incorrect information provided by you or any technical problems beyond the control of Cuty.
You acknowledge and agree that any login, identifier, or password issued in connection with this Site (each a "Password") is confidential information and must be kept secure.
You may not disclose such a Password to another person or entity or permit another entity to access the Site using such a Password.
You must notify Cuty immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
Cuty cannot be responsible and disclaims all liability in connection with, the use of any information that you post or display on this Site. Prohibited Activities
You agree that you will NOT:


Gain unauthorised access to Cuty’s computer system or engage in any activity that interferes with the performance of, or impairs the functionality or security of the Site, the Services, Cuty’s networks, and computer systems;


Place shortened links on websites containing content that may be threatening, harassing, defamatory, obscene, contain any viruses, trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots or contain software that may cause damage to the viewer or the site's server.
Not to use Shorten URLs that redirect to websites containing such content.


Access any of the Site or the Services through any automated means or with any automated features or devices (including use of scripts or web crawlers);


Bring fake/automated traffic of any kind to your links.
This will get your account terminated automatically by our system.
Manipulation of our system to gain views is also not allowed.
This includes iframes, redirects, bots, proxies, traffic exchange, PTC traffic, hitleap, jingling, etc.


Click on your own shortened URLs to generate revenue.
We reserve the right to not pay for the revenue generated.



Create 'redirect loops' with Cuty URLs or similar services to generate revenue.


Create multiple accounts.
Only one account per person is allowed.


 Intellectual Property Rights
Your use of the Site and its contents grants no rights to you concerning any copyright, designs, and trademarks and all other intellectual property and material rights mentioned, displayed, or relating to the Content (defined below) on the Site.
All Content, including third-party trademarks, designs, and related intellectual property rights mentioned or displayed on this Site, are protected by national intellectual property and other laws.
Any unauthorized reproduction, redistribution, or other use of the Content is prohibited and may result in civil and criminal penalties.
You may use the Content only with our prior written and express authorization.
To inquire about obtaining authorization to use the Content, please contact us at contact@:site_name.io
In addition to the intellectual property rights mentioned above, "Content" is defined as any graphics, photographs, including all image rights, sounds, music, video, audio, or text on the Site. Contact Us
For any questions, complaints, and queries or to report any violations, kindly send an email on contact@cuty.io Ready to start earning with Cuty?
Register your account and start the journey.
It is 100% free!
Sign up Copyright 2021 ©.
All Right Reserved
