
         Payment Rates
Payment Proof 
English


English


Spanish


Arabic


French
 Log in Sign up Payment Rates
Payment Proof 
English


English


Spanish


Arabic


French
 Log in Sign up Privacy Policy
Cuty (“Cuty”, “we”, “us” and “our”) respects your privacy and is committed to taking reasonable steps towards protecting your privacy online and managing your information responsibly, in order to best understand the products and services that are most useful to you.
This Privacy Policy is intended to notify you of our online privacy practices, the type and categories of information that may be collected, disclosed and stored, how the information is used, with whom the information may be shared, what choices are available to you regarding the collection, use and distribution of the information, what kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control, your rights regarding your personal information and who to contact with questions or concerns.
This Privacy Policy applies to the Cuty website located at https://cuty.io (collectively, the "Website"), to any phone, fax, and/or mail operations concerning processing of orders and questions about products or services, as well as our marketing contacts with you.
We take data protection very seriously and abide by the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and CCPA and any other relevant privacy laws that govern our jurisdiction.
The data controller within the meaning of Article 4 (7) of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) which is responsible for the processing of your personal data is Cuty. Personal Information We Collect
We only collect your basic info that you provide us, such as your name, email and username Cookies and similar technologies
A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier, which is sent to your browser from a Website’s computers and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Cookies are required to use some Cuty services.
Cuty and its ad management partners (“Ad Partners”) use cookies to record current session information.
Our Ad Partners may also from time to time use web beacons (also known as Internet tags, pixel tags, and clear GIFs).
These web beacons are provided by our Ad Partners and allow Ad Partners to obtain information such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the beacon appears, the URL of the page on which the beacon appears, the time the page containing the beacon was viewed, the type of browser used to view the page, and the information in cookies set by the Ad Partners.
Web beacons enable our Ad Partners to recognize a unique cookie on your web browser, which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to our Website.
With both cookies and web beacon technology, the information that we collect and share is anonymous and not personally identifiable.
It does not contain your name, address, geographic location, telephone number, or e-mail address.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics data collection with the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. Access or update your account information.
If you have registered for an account with us, you may review and update certain personal information in your account profile by logging into the account. Other Sites and Services
The Sites may contain links to other websites and online services operated by third parties.
These links are not an endorsement of, or representation that we are affiliated with, any third party.
In addition, our content may be included on web pages or online services that are not associated with us.
We do not control third party websites or online services, and we are not responsible for their actions.
Other websites and services follow different rules regarding the collection, use and sharing of your personal information.
We encourage you to read the privacy policies of the other websites and online services you use. Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Services.
This data is shared with other Google services.
Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Services available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on.
The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ Children
The Service is not intended for use by children under 10 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect information about children under age 10 through the Service.
If we learn that we have collected personal information of a child without the consent of the child’s parent or guardian as required by law, we will delete it. Changes To This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time.
If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the date of this Privacy Policy and posting it on the Sites.
If required by law we will also provide notification of changes in another way that we believe is reasonably likely to reach you, such as via e-mail or another manner through the Service.
Any modifications to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon our posting the modified version.
In all cases, your continued use of the Service after the posting of any modified Privacy Policy indicates your acceptance of the terms of the modified Privacy Policy. Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others in accordance with the CCPA.
We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. Contact Us
For any questions, complaints, and queries or to report any violations, kindly send an email on contact@cuty.io Ready to start earning with Cuty?
Register your account and start the journey.
It is 100% free!
Sign up Copyright 2021 ©.
All Right Reserved
