
         Toggle navigation Cyka.Fun 
FAQ
TOS
 Cyka.Fun - TOS Terms Of Service 
1.
Terms:

By accessing the website at https://*.cyka.fun/*, you agree to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and that you are solely responsible for complying with any applicable local laws.
You are not permitted to use or access this site if you do not agree with any of these terms.
This website's materials are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.


2.
Disclaimer:

The materials on cyka.fun's website are provided 'as is.' Cyka.fun makes no express or implied warranties and expressly disclaims and negates all other warranties, including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other rights.
Furthermore, Cyka.fun makes no warranties or representations about the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or sites linked to this site.

3.
Limitations:


In no event shall cyka.fun or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, but not limited to, damages for loss of data or profit, or for business interruption) arising from the use or inability to use the materials on cyka.fun' website, even if cyka.fun or a cyka.fun authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage.
These limitations may not apply to you because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties or limitations on liability for consequential or incidental damages.

4.
Accuracy of materials:


The materials on cyka.fun's website may contain technical, typographical, or photographic errors.
Cyka.fun makes no warranty that the materials on its website are accurate, complete, or up to date.
Cyka.fun reserves the right to make changes to the materials on its website at any time and without notice.
However, cyka.fun makes no guarantees to update the materials.

5.
Links:


Cyka.fun has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and accepts no responsibility for the contents of any such linked site.
The inclusion of any link does not imply cyka.fun's endorsement of the site.
The use of any such linked website is entirely at the risk of the user.

6.
Uploading:


You may submit, upload, and share files, videos, pictures, text, and other content to or through our service, but you must do so in accordance with these Terms and the rules and policies referred to in these Terms.
Any intellectual property rights that you have in your files are still yours.
Furthermore, you acknowledge and agree that our services are not intended to be used as a data backup service.
You should not rely on our services to backup, save, or store any of your files, and we expressly disclaim all liability and responsibility for any data, information, or content loss contained in your files.
You further agree that you will not use our services to:
Violate law or a third-party’s rights (including a third party’s intellectual property and privacy rights).

7.
Modifications:


Cyka.fun reserves the right to modify these terms of service for its website at any time and without notice.
You agree to be bound by the then-current version of these terms of service by using this website.

8.
Governing Law:


These terms and conditions are governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States of America, and you irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.
Section 230(c)(1) provides immunity from liability for providers and users of an "interactive computer service" who publish information provided by third-party users: - No provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information provided by another information content provider.

