
         PLEASE READ THESE LICENCE TERMS CAREFULLY BY DOWNLOADING THE APP YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS DO NOT DOWNLOAD THE APP. Who we are and what this Agreement does We, Cypaw Limited of Finsgate, 5-7 Cranwood Street, London, United Kingdom, EC1V 9EE license you to use: 

 Cypaw app v 1.0 mobile application software, the data supplied with the software, (App) and any updates or supplements to it.

 The related electronic documentation (Documentation).
and 
 The services you connect to via the App and the content we provide to you through it (Service), 

as permitted in these terms. Your privacy Under data protection legislation, we are required to provide you with certain information about who we are, how we process your personal data and for what purposes and your rights in relation to your personal data and how to exercise them.
This information is provided in our Privacy Policy and it is important that you read that information.
Please be aware that internet transmissions are never completely private or secure and that any message or information you send using the App or any Service may be read or intercepted by others, even if there is a special notice that a particular transmission is encrypted. Additional terms for specific Services The applicable app store’s rules also apply.
The App is available on Google Play and the Apple Store.
The ways in which you can use the App and Documentation may also be controlled by Google Play’s rules and policies: https://policies.google.com/privacy or Apple Store’s rules and policies: https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/uk/terms.html, depending on which app store you use to download the App.
The relevant app store’s rules and policies will apply instead of these terms where there are differences between the two. Operating system requirements This app requires an Android or Apple device with a minimum memory of 512mb of RAM for Android and 768mb of RAM for Apple and an operating system of Android 4 and above or iOS 10 and above. Support for the App and how to tell us about problems 
Support.
If you want to learn more about the App or the Service or have any problems using them please contact us at contact@cypaw.com or use the support services contained within the App.


Contacting us (including with complaints). If you think the App or the Services are faulty or misdescribed or wish to contact us for any other reason please email our customer service team at contact@cypaw.com.


How we will communicate with you. If we have to contact you we will do so by email, by SMS or by pre-paid post, using the contact details you have provided to us.
 How you may use the App, including how many devices you may use it on In return for your agreeing to comply with these terms you may:

 download or stream a copy of the App onto one smart phone or tablet device and view, use and display the App and the Service on such devices for your personal purposes only.
In addition you may share the App and the Service in accordance with the rules set out in the Google Play Terms of Service https://play.google.com/intl/en_uk/about/play-terms/index.html, or the Apple Store Services Terms and Conditions: https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/uk/terms.html, as applicable .

 use any Documentation to support your permitted use of the App and the Service.

 provided you comply with the licence restrictions stated below, make up to one copy of the App and the Documentation for back-up purposes.
and 
 receive and use any free supplementary software code or update of the App incorporating "patches" and corrections of errors as we may provide to you.

 You must be 16 or over to accept these terms and download the App.
The Services  We shall use commercially reasonable endeavours to make the App, Documentation and Service available to you 24 hours a day, seven days a week, except for planned and unscheduled maintenance, which will be notified to you in advance, as far as possible.

 We do not warrant that: 

 access to the App or Service will be uninterrupted or error-free.

that the App or Service will be free from vulnerabilities;
 that the App and Service shall meet your requirements.

 You may not transfer the App to someone else We are giving you personally the right to use the App and the Service as set out above.
Whilst you may have sharing rights as set out above, you may not otherwise transfer the App or the Service to someone else, whether for money, for anything else or for free.
If you sell any device on which the App is installed, you must remove the App from it. Changes to these terms We may need to change these terms to reflect changes in law or best practice or to deal with additional features which we introduce.
We will give you at least 30 days’ notice of any change notifying you of a change when you next start the App.
If you do not accept the notified changes you will not be permitted to continue to use the App and the Service and you may apply to the Appstore for a refund, which will reflect the period the App and the Service have been available to you prior to cancellation. Update to the App and changes to the Service From time to time we may automatically update the App and change the Service to improve performance, enhance functionality, reflect changes to the operating system or address security issues.
Alternatively we may ask you to update the App for these reasons.
If you choose not to install such updates or if you opt out of automatic updates you may not be able to continue using the App and the Services.
The App will always work with the current or previous version of the operating system (as it may be updated from time to time) and match the description of it provided to you when you bought it. If someone else owns the phone or device you are using If you download or stream the App onto any phone or other device not owned by you, you must have the owner's permission to do so.
You will be responsible for complying with these terms, whether or not you own the phone or other device. We may collect technical data about your device By using the App or any of the Services, you agree to us collecting and using technical information about the devices you use the App on and related software, hardware and peripherals to improve our products and to provide any Services to you. We are not responsible for other websites The App or any Service may contain links to other independent websites which are not provided by us.
Such independent sites are not under our control, and we are not responsible for and have not checked and approved their content or their privacy policies (if any).
You will need to make your own independent judgement about whether to use any such independent sites, including whether to buy any products or services offered by them. Licence restrictions You agree that you will:

 not rent, lease, sub-license, loan, provide, or otherwise make available, the App or the Services in any form, in whole or in part to any person without prior written consent from us.

not copy the App, Documentation or Services, except as part of the normal use of the App or where it is necessary for the purpose of back-up or operational security;
not translate, merge, adapt, vary, alter or modify, the whole or any part of the App, Documentation or Services nor permit the App or the Services or any part of them to be combined with, or become incorporated in, any other programs, except as necessary to use the App and the Services on devices as permitted in these terms;
 not disassemble, de-compile, reverse engineer or create derivative works based on the whole or any part of the App or the Services nor attempt to do any such things, except to the extent that (by virtue of sections 50B and 296A of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988) such actions cannot be prohibited because they are necessary to decompile the App to obtain the information necessary to create an independent program that can be operated with the App or with another program (Permitted Objective), and provided that the information obtained by you during such activities: 
 is not disclosed or communicated without the Licensor's prior written consent to any third party to whom it is not necessary to disclose or communicate it in order to achieve the Permitted Objective.

is not used to create any software that is substantially similar in its expression to the App;
is kept secure.

is used only for the Permitted Objective.
and
comply with all applicable technology control or export laws and regulations that apply to the technology used or supported by the App or any Service.


 Acceptable use restrictions You must:

 not use the App or any Service in any unlawful manner, for any unlawful purpose, or in any manner inconsistent with these terms, or act fraudulently or maliciously, for example, by hacking into or inserting malicious code, such as viruses, or harmful data, into the App, any Service or any operating system.

not infringe our intellectual property rights or those of any third party in relation to your use of the App or any Service, including by the submission of any material (to the extent that such use is not licensed by these terms);
not transmit any material that is defamatory, offensive or otherwise objectionable in relation to your use of the App or any Service;
not use the App or any Service in a way that could damage, disable, overburden, impair or compromise our systems or security or interfere with other users.
and
not collect or harvest any information or data from any Service or our systems or attempt to decipher any transmissions to or from the servers running any Service.
 Intellectual property rights All intellectual property rights in the App, the Documentation and the Services throughout the world belong to us (or our licensors) and the rights in the App and the Services are licensed (not sold) to you.
You have no intellectual property rights in, or to, the App, the Documentation or the Services other than the right to use them in accordance with these terms. Our responsibility for loss or damage suffered by you 
We are responsible to you for foreseeable loss and damage caused by us. If we fail to comply with these terms, we are responsible for loss or damage you suffer that is a foreseeable result of our breaking these terms or our failing to use reasonable care and skill, but we are not responsible for any loss or damage that is not foreseeable.
Loss or damage is foreseeable if either it is obvious that it will happen or if, at the time you accepted these terms, both we and you knew it might happen.

We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.


When we are liable for damage to your property. If defective digital content that we have supplied damages a device or digital content belonging to you, we will either repair the damage or pay you compensation.
However, we will not be liable for damage that you could have avoided by following our advice to apply an update offered to you free of charge or for damage that was caused by you failing to correctly follow installation instructions or to have in place the minimum system requirements advised by us.


We are not liable for business losses. The App is for domestic and private use.
If you use the App for any commercial, business or resale purpose we will have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.


Limitations to the App and the Services. The App and the Services are provided for general information and entertainment purposes only.
They do not offer advice on which you should rely.
You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of information obtained from the App or the Service.
Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information provided by the App and the Service, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that such information is accurate, complete or up to date.


Please back-up content and data used with the App. We recommend that you back up any content and data used in connection with the App, to protect yourself in case of problems with the App or the Service.


Check that the App and the Services are suitable for you. The App and the Services have not been developed to meet your individual requirements.
Please check that the facilities and functions of the App and the Services (as described on the appstore site and in the Documentation) meet your requirements.


We are not responsible for events outside our control. If our provision of the Services or support for the App or the Services is delayed by an event outside our control then we will contact you as soon as possible to let you know and we will take steps to minimise the effect of the delay.
Provided we do this we will not be liable for delays caused by the event but if there is a risk of substantial delay you may contact us to end your contract with us and receive a refund for any Services you have paid for but not received.
 We may end your rights to use the App and the Services if you break these terms We may end your rights to use the App and Services at any time by contacting you if you have broken these terms in a serious way.
If what you have done can be put right we will give you a reasonable opportunity to do so.
If we end your rights to use the App and Services:

 You must stop all activities authorised by these terms, including your use of the App and any Services.

 You must delete or remove the App from all devices in your possession and immediately destroy all copies of the App which you have and confirm to us that you have done this.

 We may transfer this Agreement to someone else We may transfer our rights and obligations under these terms to another organisation.
We will always tell you in writing if this happens and we will ensure that the transfer will not affect your rights under the contract. You need our consent to transfer your rights to someone else You may only transfer your rights or your obligations under these terms to another person if we agree in writing. No rights for third parties This Agreement does not give rise to any rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of this Agreement. If a court finds part of this contract illegal, the rest will continue in force Each of the paragraphs of these terms operates separately.
If any court or relevant authority decides that any of them are unlawful, the remaining paragraphs will remain in full force and effect. Even if we delay in enforcing this contract, we can still enforce it later Even if we delay in enforcing this contract, we can still enforce it later.
If we do not insist immediately that you do anything you are required to do under these terms, or if we delay in taking steps against you in respect of your breaking this contract, that will not mean that you do not have to do those things and it will not prevent us taking steps against you at a later date. Which laws apply to this contract and where you may bring legal proceedings These terms are governed by English law and you can bring legal proceedings in respect of the products in the English courts.
If you live in Scotland you can bring legal proceedings in respect of the products in either the Scottish or the English courts.
If you live in Northern Ireland you can bring legal proceedings in respect of the products in either the Northern Irish or the English courts. Alternative dispute resolution Alternative dispute resolution is a process where an independent body considers the facts of a dispute and seeks to resolve it, without you having to go to court.
If you are not happy with how we have handled any complaint, you may want to contact the alternative dispute resolution provider we use.
You can submit a complaint to ADR Group via their website at http://www.consumer-dispute.co.uk.
ADR Group will not charge you for making a complaint and if you are not satisfied with the outcome you can still bring legal proceedings.
In addition, please note that disputes may be submitted for online resolution to the European Commission Online Dispute Resolution platform. Vulnerability Disclosure Program If you believe you have found a security vulnerability relating to the Cypaw system, please submit a vulnerability report to Security@cypaw.com
In your report please include details of:

 The website, IP or page where the vulnerability can be observed.

A brief description of the type of vulnerability, for example.
“XSS vulnerability”.
Steps to reproduce.
These should be a benign, non-destructive, proof of concept.
This helps to ensure that the report can be triaged quickly and accurately.
It also reduces the likelihood of duplicate reports, or malicious exploitation of some vulnerabilities, such as sub-domain takeovers.

 What to expect After you have submitted your report, we will respond to your report within 5 working days and aim to triage your report within 10 working days.
We’ll also aim to keep you informed of our progress.
Priority for remediation is assessed by looking at the impact, severity and exploit complexity.
Vulnerability reports might take some time to triage or address.
You are welcome to enquire on the status but should avoid doing so more than once every 14 days.
This allows our teams to focus on the remediation.
We will notify you when the reported vulnerability is remediated, and you may be invited to confirm that the solution covers the vulnerability adequately.
Once your vulnerability has been resolved, we welcome requests to disclose your report.
We’d like to unify our guidance, so please do continue to coordinate public release with us. Guidance You must NOT:

 Break any applicable law or regulations.

 Access unnecessary, excessive or significant amounts of data.

 Modify data in Cypaw's systems or services.

 Use high-intensity invasive or destructive scanning tools to find vulnerabilities.

 Attempt or report any form of denial of service, e.g.
overwhelming a service with a high volume of requests.

 Disrupt Cypaw's services or systems.

 Submit reports detailing non-exploitable vulnerabilities, or reports indicating that the services do not fully align with “best practice”, for example missing security headers.

 Submit reports detailing TLS configuration weaknesses, for example “weak” cipher suite support or the presence of TLS1.0 support.

 Communicate any vulnerabilities or associated details other than by means described in the published security.txt.

 Social engineer, ‘phish’ or physically attack Cypaw's staff or infrastructure.

 Demand financial compensation in order to disclose any vulnerabilities.


You must:

 Always comply with data protection rules and must not violate the privacy of any data Cypaw holds.
You must not, for example, share, redistribute or fail to properly secure data retrieved from the systems or services.

Securely delete all data retrieved during your research as soon as it is no longer required or within 1 month of the vulnerability being resolved, whichever occurs first (or as otherwise required by data protection law).
 Legalities This policy is designed to be compatible with common vulnerability disclosure good practice.
It does not give you permission to act in any manner that is inconsistent with the law, or which might cause Cypaw or partner organisations to be in breach of any legal obligations
