

Features
How it works
Dashboard
Pricing


Support
Blog
Docs
What's New
Login


Sign up



Terms of Use
Cypress.io, Inc.
and/or its affiliates ("Cypress," "we" or "us") makes available the Web site located at www.cypress.io (the "Site") subject to the terms of use ("Terms of Use") set forth below.
Please review the following Terms of Use regarding your use of this Site.
These Terms of Use do not govern your use of the Cypress dashboard service available from the Site at https://on.cypress.io/terms-of-use ("Dashboard Service").
Separate terms of use govern the rights, obligations and use with respect to the Dashboard Service.
Nothing on the Site is to be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or right under any patent or trademark of Cypress or any third party or any rights in the Dashboard Service or any other products or services of Cypress.
We may update the Terms of Use from time to time.
Please regularly check the Site for information about revisions to the Terms of Use.
By continuing to use the Site or provide us information through your use of the Site after we make a change to the Terms of Use, you accept the updated provisions in the Terms of Use.
The Terms of Use were last updated on May 8, 2019.
Authorization of Use
You may download, view, copy and print documents, video and other content made available on the Site (the "Content") solely for your non-commercial purposes to: (a) learn about Cypress's products, services and business.
(b) open an account to participate in the Dashboard Service.
and (c) access statements, agreements, and documentation relating to the products and services offered via the Site.
Use of the Content is subject to the following: (1) the Content may be used solely for your or your organization's use in connection with the products or services you receive from Cypress or for your personal, informational, non-commercial purposes.
and (2) the Content may not be modified or altered in any way.
All rights, title and interest in the Site and Content not expressly granted in these Terms of Use are reserved.
Except as expressly provided in these Terms of Use, you may not use, download, upload, copy, print, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, post, transmit or distribute any Content or any other portion of this Site in whole or in part without the prior written permission of Cypress.
Additional restrictions regarding your use of the Content may be set forth in the Content itself or the page from which the Content is available.
Disclaimers
THE SITE AND ALL CONTENT ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
CYPRESS HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO THE SITE AND ALL CONTENT, INCLUDING ALL WARRANTIES, IMPLIED OR EXPRESS, OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL CYPRESS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS), WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORT RELATED ACTION, ARISING OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, OR IN CONTEMPLATION OF THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SITE OR ANY CONTENT, EVEN IF CYPRESS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
You are also advised that any Content or portions of the Site may contain errors or omissions.
Cypress may remove, replace, or make changes in the Content without notice at any time.
and Cypress is under no obligation to update the Content.
User Submissions
Any feedback, comments, suggestions, or the like ("User Submissions") provided to Cypress through the Site shall be considered non-confidential, and Cypress shall be free to use User Submissions on an unrestricted basis.
We do not make any endorsements of any User Submission or any representation that any User Submission is true or accurate.
Site Restrictions
As a condition of your use of the Site, you represent and warrant that you shall not use the Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use.
You will not submit any false, misleading or inaccurate information to the Site.
You will abide by all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations and you shall be solely responsible and liable for all of your acts or omissions that occur while you use the Site.
By ways of example, and not as a limitation, you will not use the Site to:


Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate or infringe the legal rights (such as, but not limited to, rights of privacy, publicity and intellectual property) of others;


Publish, distribute or disseminate any harmful, inappropriate, profane, vulgar, infringing, obscene, tortious, indecent, immoral or otherwise objectionable material or information;


Transmit or upload any material to the Site that contains viruses, trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, spyware, or any other harmful or deleterious programs;


Interfere with or disrupt the Site networks or servers;


Harvest or otherwise collect information from the Site about others, including without limitation email addresses, without proper consent;


Use the account, login identification, or password of another party to access any portion of the Site;


Otherwise attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Site, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the Service, through password mining or any other means.
or


Interfere with another individual's or entity's use or enjoyment of the Site.


Cypress has no obligation to monitor your use of the Site or retain the content of any of your sessions on the Site.
However, Cypress reserves the right at all times to monitor, review, retain and/or disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or government request.
Trademarks
Cypress trademarks may be used publicly with permission only from Cypress.
Use of Cypress trademarks in advertising and print or web promotion of Cypress products or services requires proper attribution to Cypress.
All trademarks, service marks, or registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
Reference to, description of or use of a product, service, publication or process on the Site does not imply recommendation, approval, affiliation, or sponsorship of that product, service, publication or process by Cypress.
Infringement Claims Policy
We respect the intellectual property of others, and we ask you to do the same.
If you believe some Content on the Site has been copied in such a way as to constitute copyright infringement, please contact use at the email address below.
We may investigate and take appropriate action.
Other Sites
These Terms of Use do not apply to other Web sites, including third party services that you may use to access the Dashboard Service, such as GitHub.
Any links on this Site may let you leave the Site and go to other Web sites.
The linked Web sites are not under our control, and we do not endorse and are not responsible for their content, accuracy or otherwise.
If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this Site, you do this entirely at your own risk.
Age Appropriateness
Our Site is intended for use only by persons who are 18 years old or older.
Privacy
Personal information collected through the Site is treated according to our Privacy Policy located at www.cypress.io/privacy-policy.
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to other Web sites, and we will not have any liability for the information collection or dissemination policies of third parties.
By using this Site, you agree you have read and understand the Privacy Policy, which is a condition to your use of the Site.
You should not access the Site if you do not agree with the terms of the Privacy Policy.
Contact Information
All questions, concerns or communications regarding these Terms of Use should be directed to legal@cypress.io.Get Started
Why Cypress
Install Cypress
Write your first test
Test your app
Support
Documentation
Chat
FAQ
Examples
Developers
Status site
Contribute
Changelog
Roadmap
Ambassadors
Company
About
Testimonials
Case Studies
Security
Careers
Events
Media

Send updates to my inbox*

Subscribe








© 2022 Cypress.io •Privacy •Terms of Use
      