
         Website certificates: Shorter lifetimes since September 2020.
Find out more.

 ABOUT US 
 SOLUTIONS 
 PARTNER 
 SUPPORT 
 CAREERS 
 CONTACT 
 Language choice EN DE Privacy Policy 
Dear Visitor,

Thank you for visiting our website.
Whenever you visit a website you leave ‘tracks’, i.e.
data that can be assigned to you in person.
We handle this data responsibly, and in our Privacy Policy we would like to inform you about what we do with this data and what rights you have in this respect.
This page summarizes the information required by law in a short and easily understandable way.
You can find our detailed Privacy Policy under the following link:
Detailed Privacy Policy 1.
How to reach us D-Trust GmbH is a subsidiary of the Bundesdruckerei Group.
Our contact details can be found below:
D-Trust GmbH
Kommandantenstr.
15
10969 Berlin
E-Mail: info@d-trust.net
Phone:: +49 30 25 93 91 0
You can write to our company’s data protection officer at the above postal address by adding to the address ‘An die betriebliche Datenschutzbeauftragte’ (To the company data protection officer), by calling the phone number provided above or by sending an e-mail to: datenschutz@d-trust.net. 2.
The type of data we process and the purpose of processing There are various situations in which you leave your data with us.
When you visit our website, our server stores some data of your Internet connection and the device you use to access the website.
We have to collect this data, because otherwise the pages cannot be correctly displayed and because this puts us in a better position to prevent or follow up possible abuse.
Our web pages may contain contact or application forms that you can use to send us your data for the purposes mentioned in each case.
You are not obliged to complete these forms.
Please note, however, that we can only provide certain services for you if we have the necessary data.
If you contact us by e-mail or by phone, we will process the personal data collected exclusively for the purpose of processing and answering your enquiry or to contact you afterwards, for example, to initiate or continue our business relationship.
We offer many different products for which we collect and process different data.
Whenever you submit a request to us for these individual, specific products, we will explain to you separately what data we collect for this purpose and under what circumstances we process the data. 3.
The reasons for passing data on to third parties Your data may be passed on to partners in order to make specific products, solutions and services available to you which we offer in cooperation with resellers and partners.
We may also commission subcontractors with data processing.
However, no data is processed outside the EU and/or the European Economic Area. 4.
Whistleblower system Bundesdruckerei operates a whistleblower management system in order to meet its special responsibility as a federal government security company.
This system can be used at any time to report a situation that violates the values or policies of the Group or its business ethics or that has a negative impact on the life or health of individuals ('whistleblowing').
In addition to regular information and reporting channels, suspected cases can also be reported anonymously if necessary.
Bundesdruckerei is in charge of this procedure, but it takes place under the joint responsibility of D-Trust GmbH.
The point of contact for the persons concerned is Bundesdruckerei.
More detailed information on data protection (Art.
13 GDPR) can be found in Bundesdruckerei’s Privacy Policy.
The terms of use of the partner engaged by Bundesdruckerei for this purpose can be found in this Document. 5.
Your rights You have the following rights in relation to your personal data:

Right to confirmation and access to information under Art.
15 GDPR
Right to rectification under Art.
16 GDPR
Right to erasure under Art.
17 GDPR
Right to restrict processing under Art.
18 GDPR
Right to notification under Art.
19 GDPR
Right to data portability under Art.
20 GDPR
Right to object under Art.
21 GDPR

You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority under Art.
77 GDPR regarding our processing of your personal data.
More detailed information can be found in our detailed Privacy Policy.
If you wish to exercise one or more of your rights, please send your request to the above postal address or by e-mail to datenschutz@d-trust.net. D-TRUST - A Bundesdruckerei company 
About us
Solutions
Partners
Support
Careers


vertrieb@d-trust.net
+49 (0) 30 2598 - 0


support@d-trust.net
+49 (0) 30 2598 - 0
Mon – Fri.
from 7am to 6pm


Kommandantenstraße 15
10969 Berlin
Deutschland
 ©2020 D-Trust GmbH 
Legal notice
Privacy policy
Accessibility
GTC
Whistleblowing System

