
        Prohibited Content Policy Dailymotion seeks to provide users worldwide with a safe, respectful, and hassle-free viewing environment.
By banning the following Prohibited Content, we seek to protect the Dailymotion community and maintain a secure global platform.
Although we take the quality of the content on Dailymotion extremely seriously and strive to ensure that no inappropriate video finds its way into the experience, we are unable to monitor and control every video that is uploaded to Dailymotion.
Therefore, we strongly encourage our users to notify us when they become aware of any of the following Prohibited Content on Dailymotion by reporting such content to us using the methods explained below.
We also ask you, as users of Dailymotion, to never upload content which falls into any of the following Prohibited Content categories.

 Note that the following is not an exhaustive list of Prohibited Content.



 Types of Prohibited Content 
Sexually Explicit or Child Abuse Content
Dangerous, Harmful, Violent or Illegal Actions in Content
Hateful, Defamatory, Libelous, or Excessively Vulgar Speech in Content
Violent, Graphic or Repulsive Content
Harassment, Threats, and Personal Information in Content
Spam, Fake Engagement, Scam, Disinformation or Deceptive Content
Copyright-Infringing Content


How to Report Prohibited Content
Consequences of Violating Dailymotion’s Prohibited Content Policy




TYPES OF PROHIBITED CONTENT
Sexually Explicit or Child Abuse Content Sexually explicit content, such as content which contains nudity or sexual activities, is prohibited on Dailymotion.
Sexually explicit content includes, but is not limited to, content that would be considered or that includes the following: 

Any sexual content involving minors;
Promotion of bestiality, incest, or pedophilia;
Revenge porn;
Depictions of genitals, breasts, or buttocks (clothed or unclothed) for the purpose of sexual gratification.

Nudity or partial nudity for the purpose of sexual gratification;
Celebrity wardrobe malfunctions or nude photo leaks;
Depictions of sexual acts, genitals, or fetishes for the purpose of sexual gratification (i.e., pornography).

Using or displaying sex toys to provide viewers with sexual gratification;
Violent, graphic, or humiliating fetish content with the purpose of sexual gratification.

Nonconsensual sex acts or unwanted sexualization;
Content that facilitates, encourages, or coordinates sexual encounters between adults (i.e., solicitation).

Images of rape, bestiality, incest, masturbation, fondling, sadistic or masochistic abuse, pedophilia, zoophilia or necrophilia;
Dramatized or fictional footage of any of the above that does not provide the viewer enough context to determine that the footage is dramatized or fictional.

These restrictions also apply to animated or digitally created content unless it is posted for educational, humorous, or satirical purposes.
Dailymotion understands that sexual content, such as nudity, can be shared for a variety of acceptable reasons such as for purposes of art, science, education, etc.
When we can clearly distinguish that this is the purpose of such content and that the sharing of such content is not done for any illicit purpose, that content will not be considered Prohibited Content.
Sexually explicit content depicting and/or exploiting minors is strictly prohibited on Dailymotion.
If Dailymotion becomes aware of the availability of such content, it will be immediately removed, the account will be promptly terminated, and Dailymotion will report the content to the proper authorities.
For more information, please review our Child Safety Policy.

Dangerous, Harmful, Violent or Illegal Actions in ContentContent that aims to encourage dangerous or illegal activities, including activities that risk serious physical harm or death, is not allowed on Dailymotion.
Dangerous, harmful, or illegal content includes, but is not limited to, content that includes or would be considered to be the following:

Instructing and showing viewers how to perform activities meant to kill or maim (e.g., providing instructions on how to build a bomb).

Instructing viewers how to abuse controlled substances (e.g., cocaine or opioids) or instructions on how to create drugs;
Challenges that pose imminent risk of physical injury (e.g., choking, fire, or detergent-eating games/challenges);
Pranks that lead victims to fear imminent serious physical danger or severe emotional distress;
Promoting, glorifying, or celebrating violent tragedies (e.g., school shootings);
Instructing viewers how to steal money or tangible goods, or how to bypass secure computer systems or steal user credentials and personal data;
Praising, bragging about, or encouraging anorexia, bulimia, or other eating disorders to induce weight loss;
Claims that harmful substances or treatments can have health benefits;
Terrorist content (or content that promotes terrorist activities).

Fake news content;
Dramatized or fictional footage of any of the above that does not provide the viewer enough context to determine that the footage is dramatized or fictional.


Hateful, Defamatory, Libelous, or Excessively Vulgar Speech in ContentHateful, defamatory, libelous or excessively vulgar speech is not allowed on Dailymotion.
Any content that promotes violence or incites hatred against individuals or groups based on discriminating attributes (including but not limited to ethnicity, gender identity, nationality, race, immigration status, religion, sexual orientation, age, social class, disability, or veteran status), or any content meant to incite the audience to terrorist acts, will be immediately removed.
Some language is also not appropriate for younger viewers.
Use of excessive profanity or sexually explicit language in your video may lead to the age-restriction of your video.

Violent, Graphic or Repulsive ContentContent intended to shock or disgust viewers, glorifying violence, or celebrating the suffering or humiliation of others is strictly prohibited from Dailymotion.
This content includes, but is not limited to, the following:

Encouraging others to commit a violent act against individuals or a defined group of people;
Especially gory or disturbing images, including footage or imagery showing bodily fluids (e.g., blood, vomit, semen) with the intent to shock or disgust viewers;
Footage, audio, or imagery involving road accidents, natural disasters, war aftermath, terrorist attack aftermath, street fights, physical attacks, sexual assaults, immolation, torture, corpses, protests or riots, robberies, medical procedures, or other such scenarios with the intent to shock or disgust viewers;
Fights or other dangerous acts involving minors;
Animal abuse by deliberately inflicting unnecessary suffering or harm to an animal or encouraging or coercing animals to fight;
Dramatized or fictional footage of any of the above that does not provide the viewer enough context to determine that the footage is dramatized or fictional.

If you see content that leads you to believe that an individual is in imminent danger, immediately report the situation to your local law enforcement agency.

Harassment, Threats, and Personal Information in ContentContent that is intended to maliciously harass, threaten, intimidate, humiliate, or bully individuals, or incite others to do so, is not allowed on Dailymotion.
Dailymotion does not tolerate hurtful or negative videos about other individuals or groups.
Examples of such content include, but are not limited to, the following:

content deliberately posted in order to humiliate, threaten, or harass someone;
content that incites others to harass or threaten individuals;
content claiming that specific victims of public violent incidents or their next of kin are actors, or that their experiences are false;
content featuring non-consensual sex acts or unwanted sexualization;
content sexualizing or degrading an individual who is engaged or present in an otherwise non-sexual context;
content threatening specific individuals with physical harm or destruction of property;
content featuring abusive or threatening behavior directed at a minor.

Furthermore, users are prohibited from sharing or revealing another individual’s personal information.
Personal information includes, but is not limited to, physical addresses, email addresses, phone numbers, passport or driver’s license numbers, or bank account information.
Note, however, that this does not include posting widely available public information (e.g., a public official’s office phone number).

Spam, Fake Engagement, Scam, Disinformation or Deceptive ContentContent that is considered spam, fake engagement, or scams, meaning content that attempts to take advantage of users, deceive users, or interfere with their use and enjoyment of Dailymotion, is strictly prohibited.


Spam, fake engagement, and scam content includes, but is not limited to, the following:

excessively posted, repetitive, or fraudulent content;
content intended to gather personal information from users;
content intending to misleadingly direct users off Dailymotion to an external site;
content created with the sole purpose of promoting third-party sites or services;
content created to promote inflation and engagement metrics, such as likes, views, shares, followers, or any other metrics (including content that directs users to third-party sites or services, as well as content that acts as a tutorial in artificially boosting these metrics).

Spam, fake engagement, scams, disinformation and other deceptive content may do one or more of the following:

promise users that they’ll quickly make money or see something by clicking on a link with the sole purpose of getting views, clicks, or traffic off Dailymotion and sending the user to an external website or service;
direct users to sites that spread malware;
create invisible or nested invisible IFRAMEs loading pages which load ads, or use spyware/adware loading ads invisibly;
contain downloadable software, executable or malicious code, any virus, malicious or social engineering (phishing) code or features, worm, Trojan horse, time bomb, spyware, malware or other computer code, file or program designed, intended or likely to disrupt, damage, limit or interfere with the proper function of any software, hardware or telecommunications equipment or to damage or obtain unauthorized access to any system, data, password or other information of any person or entity;
falsely suggest or imply sponsorship or endorsement by Dailymotion;
intentionally provide the audience with verifiably false or misleading information that is intended to deceive;
provide viewers with any other misleading, inaccurate, or fraudulent information.

Additionally, if your account is engaged in suspicious activity, it may be deactivated without prior notice.
Suspicious activity includes, but is not limited to, the following:

posting duplicate videos over multiple accounts;
posting multiple duplicate videos on one account;
trading follows, shares, and/or likes;
creating and/or using serial accounts to artificially boost views or likes;
using or promoting third-party sites or services that claim to increase your followers and/or likes;
a disproportionate number of users reporting your content;
uploading videos autogenerated by robots in a manner that will disrupt users’ experience, such as posting numerous poor-quality videos;
including links in your content that directs users offsite;
repeated use of misleading or inappropriate thumbnails.


Copyright-Infringing ContentDailymotion strictly prohibits copyright-infringing content on its website and will remove all such content if properly notified that such content infringes another's intellectual property rights or right of publicity.
Dailymotion also reserves the right to terminate a user's account if they are determined to be a repeat infringer.
For more information, including how to notify Dailymotion that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please review our Copyright Notification page.




HOW TO REPORT PROHIBITED CONTENTDailymotion allows users to easily and anonymously report infringing or suspicious videos, which the Dailymotion Team then reviews every day.
When you have spotted Prohibited Content, we encourage you to submit a Prohibited Content notification, by one the following methods:
 (1) Use the “Report” button available on every video page.
 (2) If you are reporting copyright infringing content you can also do so through our Copyright Notification page.
 (3) Send Dailymotion a detailed message, by email or mail, specifying the date, your name, the URL address and a description of the alleged Prohibited Content, and the username of the uploading person.



 If you are located in the United States, you may send your notice to the following addresses: 
By mail:
 Dailymotion, Inc.
 Prohibited Content Notice  50 W 23rd St 10th floor  New York City, NY 10010  Phone: 646-576-6642 
By email: 
notifications@dailymotion.com


 If you are located in Europe, you may send your notice to the following addresses: 
By mail :
 Dailymotion SA  Service Contenus Abusifs  140 boulevard Malesherbes  75017 Paris 
By email: 
notifications@dailymotion.com


 If you are located anywhere else in the world, you may send your notice to either of the addresses mentioned above.




CONSEQUENCES OF VIOLATING DAILYMOTION’S PROHIBITED CONTENT POLICYViolations of this policy may result in the removal of content and/or termination of your account, without prior notice and at Dailymotion’s sole discretion.
In certain situations, Dailymotion may also report the content and its uploader to the relevant law enforcement authorities and will assist with any investigations.


