
        I) Copyright Notification
Dailymotion does not permit copyright infringing activities and infringement of intellectual property rights on its Website, and will remove all Content if properly notified that such content infringes on another's intellectual property rights.
Dailymotion reserves the right also to terminate a User's account, if they are determined to be a repeat infringer.


If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide Dailymotion’s copyright agent the written information specified below:




A physical or electronic signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest that is allegedly infringed.

A description of all of the copyrighted works that you claim has been infringed upon.

A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Dailymotion website, including, a URL of the specific location of the infringing material.

Information sufficient to allow us to contact you including, at a minimum, your address, telephone number, and e-mail address.

A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
and

A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.






Send a copyright notificationII) Copyright Counter-Notification
If you believe that the content you uploaded was removed in error, or that it does not infringe upon third-party copyright, you may send us an appeal by completing the following form.
Once your appeal is received, we will forward it, along with you personal information, to the party that initiated the take-down notice.
The restoration of deleted content is at our sole discretion.
Please not that unfounded appeals may be subject to legal action.



Send a copyright counter-notification
