
        This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn moreGot it! Home Posts Projects Privacy Me Follow Privacy Policy Monday, Sep 24, 2018 12:27 · 326 words · 2 minutes read Privacy Policy
damyanon.net ensures and safeguards the privacy of the
personal data it processes with utmost care and in accordance with the highest
national, EU and international standards.
This Policy sets out the common privacy principles, as well as the new GDPR Standard,
which requires an even higher level of compliance from damyanon.net.
This draft Policy is strictly subject to any changes that damyanon.net wishes to take.
Data that we collect when you interact with the site
We use cookies and other tracking technology which collect certain kinds of
information when you interact with our site.
Please see our Cookie Notice below for
information on these technologies and your rights in relation to them
Cookie Notice
A cookie is a small piece of data that a website asks the browser of each visitor on our
website to store on his or her computer or mobile device.
The cookie allows the website
to “remember” the visitor’s actions or preferences over time.
Cookies do not give
damyanon.net access to the computer/mobile device or any other information about
the visitor.
They only improve the visitor’s interaction with the website.
Cookies do
not contain any information that personally identifies the visitor, but personal
information that damyanon.net stores about the users may be linked to the
information stored in and obtained from cookies.
Our website may use cookies
to track the number of times a user has visited the website, to track the number of
visitors of the website, to determine and analyze visitors’ use of our website, to store
technical information related to a visitor’s interactions with our website.
If a visitor
blocks cookies, he or she will not be able to use all the features of our website.
A visitor
can also delete cookies already stored on a visitor’s computer or mobile device.
By
doing this, a visitor may impact negatively on his or her usability of the website.
All the users’ IP addresses are anonymized within Google Analytics.


















 Powered by Hugo © Copyright 2020 
 Damyan Bogoev 
