
         Dare DropDaresExtensionsBlogSign InPrivacy Policy
Changes to This Policy
Who We Are
 How This Policy Applies
 What We Collect and Receive
How We Use This Information
 European Union Users
How This Information Is Shared 

Information that’s shared publicly
Information that isn’t shared publicly
Information that’s shared with trusted third-party services
Information that’s shared with creators and collaborators
Information that’s shared to protect Dare Drop and comply with the law
Links to other websites and services

Retention
Data Transfers
 Your Rights
Email and Mobile Notifications
Security
Data Protection Officer
Data Protection Authority
Children
Changes to This PolicyWe may update this Policy periodically.
If we do, we’ll let you know about any material changes, either by notifying you on the Site or by sending you an email.
New versions of this Policy will never apply retroactively — we’ll tell you the exact date they go into effect.
If you keep using Dare Drop after a change, that means you accept this Policy.Who We AreDare Drop, Inc (along with its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, representatives, consultants, employees, officers, and directors — collectively, “Dare Drop,” “we,” or “us”) provides services that help people bring creative content to life.
Our main service is a funding platform for creative dares.How This Policy Applies This Policy describes the information we collect from you, how we use that information and our legal basis for doing so.
It also covers whether and how that information may be shared and your rights and choices regarding the information you provide to us.
If you see a capitalized word, it’s defined in our Terms of Use.
We use cookies and similar technologies, as described in our Cookie Policy.
By using the Services offered by Dare Drop, you’re acknowledging you have agreed to our Terms of Use and that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and our Cookie Policy.What We Collect and ReceiveIn order for you to create an account on Dare Drop and use our Services, we need to collect and process certain information.
Depending on your use of the Services, that may include:

Information you provide by completing forms on Dare Drop — your name, email and postal addresses, telephone number, country of residence, login, and password details.
We may ask for this information if you register as a user of the Services, subscribe to our newsletters, upload, pledge or submit content through Dare Drop, or if you contact us;
Information you provide for identity verification purposes when fulfilling a dare, including your legal name, business name and Tax ID for business entities, and date of birth.
In some cases, our payment processor will request that you provide a secure upload of an identity document (such as your passport, drivers license or other government-issued ID) to Dare Drop;
Details of any requests or transactions you make through the Services.
Dare Drop partners with other companies (such as PayPal) for payment processing, and the payment information you submit is collected and used by them in accordance with their privacy policies (for PayPal’s, click here).
Dare Drop doesn’t store your payment information apart from the last four digits of your credit card or bank account (as applicable), expiration date, and country, which we require for tax, government regulatory, and security purposes;
Information about your activity on and interaction with Dare Drop, including use of our mobile apps (such as your IP address, the type of device or browser you use, and your actions on the Site);
Information about the ways people visit and interact with our Site, in the form of traffic analytics.
You can opt out of being included in Google Analytics here.
For more information about our use of data analytics to protect and improve our Services, see our Cookie Policy;
Communications you send to us (for example, when you ask for support, send us questions or comments, or report a problem).
and
Information that you submit on or to Dare Drop in the form of comments, contributions to discussions, or messages to other users.

You may decline to provide us with your information.
However, this will limit your ability to register for an account or use our Services.
You may pledge to a dare as a guest by providing only an email address.
However, to adjust your pledge, save payment details for future pledges, make dare comments and take most other actions on our Site, you will need to finish creating an account.
You may review, change or remove your information through your account settings.How We Use This InformationWe use the information we collect for the following purposes:

To keep your account secure and protect our Services (including to verify the identities of creators and prevent fraud and abuse);
To enable us to provide you with our Services, and to improve and promote our Services;
To create and administer your account, contact you, and customize your experience on Dare Drop (for example, to show you dares that we think may interest you based on your previous use).
and
To track and analyze use of the Services so that we can improve how Dare Drop is performing and provide users with the best experience possible.
European Union UsersData protection law in Europe requires a “lawful basis” for collecting and retaining personal information from citizens or residents of the European Economic Area.
Our lawful bases include:

Performing the contract we have with you: In certain circumstances, we need your personal data to comply with our contractual obligation to deliver the Services, enable creators to establish and display their dares, and enable backers to find and make pledges to them.
Legal compliance: Sometimes the law says we need to collect and use your data.
For example, tax laws require us to retain records of pledges and payments made through our Services.

Legitimate interests: This is a technical term in data protection law which essentially means we have a good and fair reason to use your data and we do so in ways which do not hurt your interests and rights.
We sometimes require your data to pursue our legitimate interests n a way that might reasonably be expected as part of running our business and that does not materially impact your rights, freedom or interests.
For example, we use identity, device, and location information to prevent fraud and abuse and to keep the Services secure.
We may also send you promotional communications about our Services, subject to your right to control whether we do so.
We analyze how users interact with our Site so we can understand better what elements of the design are working well and which are not working so well.
This allows us to improve and develop the quality of the online experience we offer all our users.

How This Information Is Shared
 Information that’s shared publiclyWhen you create an account, we create a basic profile page for you on Dare Drop, containing your username, the date the account was created, and a list of dares you have funded or completed.
Your profile is private.
Your username appears with dares you create or claim on Dare Drop.
Creators are also asked to verify their identities before claiming a dare.
Once this has been done, the creator’s Verified Name will be publicly displayed on their account profile and on any dares they create or claim.

 Information that isn’t shared publiclyThe following data will not be publicly displayed or revealed to other users:

Any payment information you provide;
Your password details;
Your IP address;
Your phone number;
Your date of birth and other identity verification documentation (for creators).
and
Communications you send to us (for example, when you ask for support, send us questions or comments, or report a problem).


Information that’s shared with trusted third-party servicesWe may share your information with certain trusted third-party services to help us provide, improve, promote, or protect Dare Drop’s Services (like when we partner with payment processors, or use services that help us manage our ads on other sites).
When we share data with third-party services that support our delivery of the Dare Drop Services, we require that they use your information only for the purposes we’ve authorized, and that they protect your personal information at least to the same standards we do.
We may also share information that’s aggregated and anonymized in a way that it doesn’t directly identify you.

Information that’s shared with creators and collaboratorsWhen you back a dare, the dare’s deliverer will know your username, and the amount you have pledged.
Deliverers never receive backers’ credit card details or other payment information.
If a dare you have backed is successfully funded, the creator will receive the email address associated with your Dare Drop account.
They may also send you a survey requesting information needed to provide any reward.
(For instance, they may need your mailing address, or T-shirt size.) Any information you provide in such surveys will be received by the deliverer.
Deliverers are required to keep backer information confidential, except as strictly necessary to communicate with backers directly and fulfill rewards.
Delverers should not ask for personal information that isn’t necessary to provide your reward, and should never request sensitive personal information such as your Social Security number or payment information.
Contact us at support@DareDrop.com if you receive a request for information that seems inappropriate or excessive
Collaborators are third parties that deliverers can appoint to help manage their dare.
These collaborators may be able to access the information available to deliverers (including backers’ names, email addresses, pledge amounts, messages, and survey responses), and are required to treat backers’ personal information with the same care and respect as deliverers are.
Deliverers and their collaborators may also receive routine traffic analytics about their dare pages.

Information that’s shared to protect Dare Drop and comply with the lawWe do reserve the right to disclose personal information when we believe that doing so is reasonably necessary to comply with the law or law enforcement, to prevent fraud or abuse, or to protect Dare Drop’s legal rights, property, or the safety of Dare Drop, its employees, users, or others.TOS for Links
Links to other websites and servicesOur Site may include links to other websites or services whose privacy practices may differ from Dare Drop’s.
When you use a link to an external site or service, the privacy policy and data processing disclosures for that site or service governs.Data RetentionWe will retain your information as long as your account is active, as necessary to provide you with the Services or as otherwise set forth in this Policy.
We will also retain and use this information as necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy and to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements and protect Dare Drop’s legal rights.
We also collect and maintain aggregated, anonymized or pseudonymized information which we may retain indefinitely to protect the safety and security of our Site, improve our Services or comply with legal obligations.Data TransfersBecause Dare Drop is a US-based company, your information will be collected and processed in the United States.
The United States has its own laws governing data protection and government access to information.
The rules that protect your personal information under United States law may be different than in your home country.
If you choose to use the Services, you need to agree to our Terms of Use, which set out the contract between Dare Drop and its users.Your RightsUsers residing in certain countries, including the EU, are afforded certain rights regarding their personal information.
Except where an exception or exemption applies, these rights include the ability to access, correct, and request deletion of your personal information.
These rights are not applicable globally.
You can request a downloadable copy of your personal data from Dare Drop from your account settings page.
To modify or delete the personal information you’ve provided to us, please log in and update your profile.
We may retain certain information as required by law or as necessary for our legitimate business purposes.Email and Mobile NotificationsWe want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us.
We try to keep emails to a minimum and give you the ability to opt in to any marketing communications we send.
We will send you email relating to your transactions on Dare Drop.
You may also elect to receive certain marketing email communications, in accordance with your preferences, and from which you may opt out at any time.
We’ll also send you service-related announcements when it’s necessary to do so.SecurityWe take security seriously, and the security of your personal data is important to us.
We follow industry-standard practices to protect the data we collect and maintain, including using Transport Layer Security (TLS) to encrypt information as it travels over the internet.
No method of transmission over the internet or electronic storage is completely secure, so Dare Drop cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Your account information is protected by a password, which you should choose carefully and keep secure.
We encourage the responsible disclosure of vulnerabilities of our Services by emailing support@DareDrop.com.Data Protection OfficerTo contact our Data Protection Officer, please email support@DareDrop.com.You can contact us in writing at:Dare Drop PO Box 2021 St.
Helena, CA 94574 USAData Protection AuthoritySubject to applicable law, if you are a citizen or resident of the European Economic Area, you also have the right to (i) object to Dare Drop’s use of your personal information and (ii) lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority or the United Kingdom Information Commissioner’s Office, which is Dare Drop’s lead supervisory authority in the European Union.United Kingdom Information Commissioner’s OfficeWycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, CheshireSK9 5AF, United KingdomTelephone: +0303 123 1113Fax: 01625 524510Web: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/ChildrenPeople under 18 (or the legal age in your jurisdiction) are not permitted to use Dare Drop on their own.
Dare Drop does not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13 and children under 13 are not permitted to register for an account or use our Services.
If you believe that a child has provided us with personal information, please contact us at support@DareDrop.com.
If we become aware that a child under age 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information, we’ll delete it.

Updated: Feb 2019
FAQContact usTerms of ServiceCookie PolicyPrivacy PolicyBrandsJoin us on Discord© 2021 Dare Drop.
All right reserved.
      