
         Dare DropDaresExtensionsBlogSign InTerms Of ServiceRules for your use of Dare Drop1.
Welcome to Dare Drop!This page explains our terms of service.
When you use Dare Drop, you’re agreeing to all the rules on this page.
We’ve done our best to offer you clear and simple explanations of what everything means with brief summaries before each Section.
The summaries are not part of the official legal terms.
Welcome to Dare Drop.
By using this website (the “Site”) and services (together with the Site, the “Services”) offered by Dare Drop (together with its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, representatives, consultants, employees, officers, and directors — collectively, “Dare Drop,” “we,” or “us”), and used by companies marketing their products and services (”Brands”), you’re agreeing to these legally binding rules (the “Terms”).
You’re also agreeing to our Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy, and Copyright Policy.
and agreeing to follow any other rules on the Site, like our Rules of Use.
We may change these terms from time to time.
If we do, we’ll let you know about any material changes, either by notifying you on the Site or by sending you an email.
New versions of the terms will never apply retroactively and we’ll tell you the exact date they go into effect.
If you keep using Dare Drop after a change, that means you accept the new terms.
Dare Drop is for your personal, non-commercial use, except as explained in Section 4 and Section 5 below.2.
Creating an AccountTo use Dare Drop, you need to be 13 years old or older.
If you’re between 13 and 18 (or the legal age of majority for your jurisdiction), you may only use Dare Drop under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to these Terms.
You’re responsible for your account and all the activity on it.
You can browse Dare Drop without registering for an account.
But to use some of Dare Drop’s functions, you’ll need to register.
When you do that, the information you give us has to be accurate and complete.
Don’t choose names that are offensive or that violate anyone’s rights, and don’t impersonate anyone.
If you don’t follow these rules, we may cancel your account.
You’re responsible for all the activity on your account, and for keeping your password confidential.
If you find out that someone has used your account without your permission, report it to support@DareDrop.com.
To sign up for an account, you need to be at least 18 years old, old enough to form a binding contract where you live, or at least 13 years old under the supervision of a parent or guardian who agrees to be bound by these Terms of Service.
If necessary, we may ask you for proof of your age.3.
Don’t Do These ThingsThis Section is a List of things you know you shouldn’t do: lie, break laws, abuse people, steal data, hack other people’s computers, and so on.
Please behave yourself.
Many people use Dare Drop.
We expect all of them to help keep this a nice place.
Don’t do any of these things on the Site:


Don’t break the law. Don’t take any action that infringes or violates other people’s rights, violates the law, or breaches any contract or legal duty you have toward anyone

Don’t spam. Don’t distribute unsolicited or unauthorized advertising or promotional material, or any junk mail, spam, or chain letters.
Don’t run mail TermLists, TermListservs, or any kind of auto-responder or spam on or through the Site.

Don’t lie to people. Don’t post information you know is false, misleading, or inaccurate.
Don’t do anything deceptive or fraudulent.

Don’t solicit use of prohibited items of activities.
Don’t post Dares that include or encourage illegal actions or items, violate any of Dare Drop’s policies, rules, or guidelines, or violate any applicable law, statute, ordinance, or regulation.

 Don’t victimize anyone. Don’t do anything threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, tortious, obscene, profane, or invasive of another person’s privacy.

 Don’t harm anyone’s computer.
Don’t distribute software viruses, or anything else (code, films, programs) designed to interfere with the proper function of any software, hardware, or equipment on the Site (whether it belongs to Dare Drop or another party).

We also need to make sure that the Site is secure and functions properly.
So don’t do any of these things — most of which boil down to “don’t mess with our system.”

Don’t try to interfere with the proper workings of the Services.
Don’t bypass any measures we’ve put in place to secure the Services.
Don’t try to damage or get unauthorized access to any system, data, password, or other information, whether it belongs to Dare Drop or another party.
Don’t take any action that imposes an unreasonable load on our infrastructure, or on our third-party providers.
(We reserve the right to determine what’s reasonable.)
Don’t use any kind of software or device (whether it’s manual or automated) to “crawl” or “spider” any part of the Site.
Don’t take apart or reverse engineer any aspect of Dare Drop in an effort to access things like source code, underlying ideas, or algorithms.
4.
How Dares WorkMost of our Terms of Service explain your relationship with Dare Drop.
This section is different — it explains the relationship between creators and backers of Dare Drop Dares, and who’s responsible for what.
This is what you’re agreeing to when you create, fund, or deliver results for a Dare Drop Dare.
Dare Drop provides a funding platform for creative Dares.
When a creator fulfills a Dare on Dare Drop or a funder backs a Dare on Dare Drop, they’re inviting other people to form a contract with them.
Anyone who delivers the result for a Dare is accepting the creator’s and funder’s offer, and forming that contract
Dare Drop is not a part of this contract — the contract is a direct legal agreement between creators and backers.
Here are the terms that govern that agreement:
When a Dare is successfully completed, the funders must pay their pledged amounts to the deliverer.
Once a funder has done so, they’ve satisfied their obligation to the other funders and the deliverer.
Throughout the process, deliverers owe their funders a high standard of effort, honest communication, and a dedication to bringing the Dare to life.
At the same time, funders must understand that when they fund a Dare, they’re helping to create something.
There may be changes or delays, and there’s a chance something could happen that prevents a deliverer from being able to finish the Dare as requested.
The deliverers are each solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their claimed Dare.
If they’re unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by the funders.5.
How Funding WorksThis section goes over the details of funding and creating Dares.
This is how money gets collected, and the details on how and when pledges can be changed or canceled.
These are the terms that apply when you’re funding or creating a Dare:

You’re only charged if the Dare is completed.
You’ll provide your payment information when you pledge, but you won’t be charged.
Your payment will only be collected if, at the time of the Dare’s funding deadline, the Dare has been completed.
The exact amount you pledged is the amount Dare Drop will collect.
If the Dare hasn’t been completed, you won’t be charged, and no money will change hands.
In some cases we’ll reserve the charge on your card.
Dare Drop and its payment partners may authorize or reserve a charge on your credit card (or whatever payment method you use) for any amount up to the full pledge, at any time between the pledge and the collection of funds.
You can increase, decrease, or cancel your pledge at any time during the Dare, with one exception.
During the last 24 hours before the Dare is completed, you can’t decrease or cancel your pledge without contacting customer support first — if the deliverer has already created the video or is in the process of streaming the video which will be used to deliver on the Dare, then you may not cancel or decrease your pledge.
Dare Drop doesn’t offer refunds.
Responsibility for finishing a Dare lies entirely with the Dare deliverer.
Dare Drop doesn’t hold funds on deliverers’ behalf, cannot guarantee deliverers’ work, and does not offer refunds.

These are the terms that apply when you’re delivering a Dare:


We’ll charge our fees before putting funds in your account.
Dare Drop and its payment partners will subtract fees before transmitting the proceeds of a Dare.

Some pledges can’t be collected, which might reduce the amount of funding you get.
Because some payments can’t be collected — for instance, when a backer’s credit card expires before funding ends, and they don’t provide updated information — we can’t guarantee that the amount of funding you receive will be exactly equal to the full amount pledged minus fees.

We’ll help resolve payment-card disputes.
If a backer of your Dare disputes the charge with their card issuer, we’ll handle re-presenting the charge to settle the dispute with the card issuer.
You’ll be notified that a dispute has been filed, and you’ll be able to provide evidence to help us resolve it in your favor.
If the cardholder’s dispute is found valid, you authorize us to charge the credit card number you provided when you completed the Dare for the amount of the chargeback.

Don’t count your chickens before they hatch.
Don’t assume you’ll be able to deliver on a Dare when you want.
there could be a reason we’re not able to accept it, or a problem that takes time to resolve.
Don’t assume you’ll be able to immediately collect your funding.
there may be a delay between the end of a successful Dare and your access to the funds.
And don’t take any actions in reliance on collecting any of the money pledged until you actually have the ability to withdraw it from your account and spend it.
6.
Terms Applicable to Developers, Brands, and PublishersThis section applies to those who use the site to promote a brand, product, or service using a campaign.
This includes all functionality you can use adding and publishing a campaign on our site, and funding Dares.
This section does not exclude you from the rest of the terms, you are bound by those too.
In order to use our services you must register and create an account.
You must provide the background information on your game and organization laid out by our site to publish a campaign.
We will review the information provided by you or any information that is publicly available.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to accept or reject your campaign and the use of our Site and/or Service.
If your campaign is accepted, you will be allowed to make acceptable Content available to our community, such as the game pages, game keys, products, and dares you create to promote your brands, products, or services.

Fees

Developers, Brands, and Publishers may purchase one-time and subscription services.
We reserve the right to modify our billing rates at any time upon thirty (30) days written notice by posting such fee changes to the Site or by email notification to you.
You will be liable to pay such modified billing rates.
If you purchase any service, you agree that our third party payment processors, such as Stripe and PayPal, may store your payment method.
You expressly agree that we are authorized to charge you (i) a fee for any applicable service to which you have subscribed, billed on a basis of any applicable subscription period, (ii) any other fees for services you may purchase, (iii) any charges for use of the services in excess of the any limits placed on your use of the services (and you hereby consent to such charges and agree we are not required to notify you of any such charge in advance) and (iv) any applicable taxes in connection with your use of the services to the payment method you provide and to reimburse us for all collection costs and interest for any overdue amounts.
If the payment method you provide expires and you do not provide new payment information or cancel your account, you authorize us to continue billing you and you agree to remain responsible for any uncollected fees.
You take full responsibility for all taxes and fees associated with the services, including any sales tax related to any purchase or sale of services or goods added to the site by you.
When purchasing or selling services or goods on the site, it is your responsibility to determine whether or not sales taxes apply to a transaction and to collect, report and remit the correct amounts to the appropriate authority.

Cancellation Policy

Unless otherwise set out in writing at the time of purchase with Dare Drop, fees for services will be billed in advance for each month and are non-refundable.
There will be no refunds or credits for partial months of service or for periods in which your services are active but go unused.
If a dare deliverer accepted a dare prior to your cancellation, you are liable for any reward listed for that dare if it is completed.
Dare completion may happen up to thirty (30) days after your last subscription period ends.
You remain liable through that period.7.
Stuff We Aren’t Responsible ForWe don’t oversee Dares’ performance, and we don’t mediate disputes between users.
Dare Drop isn’t liable for any damages or losses related to your use of the Services.
We don’t become involved in disputes between users, or between users and any third party relating to the use of the Services.
We don’t oversee the performance or punctuality of Dares, and we don’t endorse any content users submit to the Site.
When you use the Services, you release Dare Drop from claims, damages, and demands of every kind — known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, Dsclosed or undisclosed — arising out of or in any way related to such disputes and the Services.
All content you access through the Services is at your own risk.
You’re solely responsible for any resulting damage or loss to any party.8.
Our FeesFees are only charged on successfully funded Dares.
We charge 10%, in addition to any fees from our payments partners.
Creating an account on Dare Drop is free.
If you create, fund or deliver on a Dare that is successfully funded, we (and our payment partners) collect fees.
Our partners’ fees may vary slightly based on your location.
We will not collect any fees without giving you a chance to review and accept them.
If our fees ever change, we’ll announce that on our Site.
Some funds pledged by backers are collected by payment providers.
Each payment provider is its own company, and Dare Drop isn’t responsible for its performance.
You’re responsible for paying any additional fees or taxes associated with your use of Dare Drop.9.
Other WebsitesIf you follow a link to another website, what happens there is between you and them — not us.
Dare Drop may contain links to other websites (for instance, Dare pages, and user profiles may link to other sites).
When you access third-party websites, you do so at your own risk.
We don’t control or endorse those sites.
Dare Drop partners with other companies (such as PayPal) for payment processing.
When you back or create a Dare, you’re also agreeing to the payment processor’s terms of service.10.
Your Intellectual PropertyWe don’t own the stuff you post on Dare Drop.
But when you post it, you’re giving us permission to use or copy it however we need in order to run the site, or show people what’s happening on it.
(We generally just use this to promote Dares and showcase our community on the website.) You’re responsible for the content you post, and you’re vouching to us that it’s all okay to use.
Dare Drop, Developers, Brands, Publishers, and deliverers that use Dare Drop, don’t own content you submit to us (your “Content”).
But we do need certain licenses from you in order to perform our Services.
When you submit delivery on a Dare, submit a new Dare for review, or save content to a campaign you agree to these terms:


We can use the content you’ve submitted.
You grant to us, Brands who have sponsored your Dares, and others acting on our behalf, the worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, sublicensable, transferable right to use, exercise, commercialize, and exploit the copyright, publicity, trademark, and database rights with respect to your Content.

 When Dare Drop or Brands use the content, we can make changes, like editing or translating it.
You grant us the right to edit, modify, reformat, excerpt, delete, or translate any of your Content.

You won’t submit Content you don’t hold the copyright for (unless you have permission).
Your Content will not contain third-party copyrighted material, or material that is subject to other third-party proprietary rights, unless you have permission from the rightful owner of the material, or you are otherwise legally entitled to post the material (and to grant Dare Drop all the license rights outlined here).

Any royalties or licensing on your Content are your responsibility.
You will pay all royalties and other amounts owed to any person or entity based on your Content, or on Dare Drop’s hosting of that Content.

You promise that if we use your Content, we’re not violating anyone’s rights or copyrights.
If Dare Drop or its users exploit or make use of your submission in the ways contemplated in this agreement, you promise that this will not infringe or violate the rights of any third party, including (without limitation) any privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights, or any other intellectual property or proprietary rights.

You’re responsible for the stuff you post.
All information submitted to the Site, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, is the sole responsibility of the person from whom that content originated.

We’re not responsible for mistakes in your content.
Dare Drop will not be liable for any errors or omissions in any content.
11.
Dare Drop’s Intellectual PropertyThe content on Dare Drop is protected in various ways.
You do have the right to use it for certain personal purposes, but you can’t use it for anything commercial without getting permission first.
Dare Drop’s Services are legally protected in various ways, including copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets, and other rights and laws.
You agree to respect all copyright and other legal notices, information, and restrictions contained in any content accessed through the Site.
You also agree not to change, translate, or otherwise create derivative works of the Service.
Dare Drop grants you a license to reproduce content from the Services for personal use only.
This license covers both Dare Drop’s own protected content and user-generated content on the Site.
(This license is worldwide, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, and non-transferable.) If you want to use, reproduce, modify, distribute, or store any of this content for a commercial purpose, you need prior written permission from Dare Drop or the relevant copyright holder.
A “commercial purpose” means you intend to use, sell, license, rent, or otherwise exploit content for commercial use, in any way.12.
How We Deal with Copyright IssuesWe comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
To learn more about how we deal with claims of copyright infringement, read our Copyright Policy.
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act lays out a system of legal requirements for dealing with allegations of copyright infringement.
Dare Drop complies with the DMCA, and we respond to notices of alleged infringement if they comply with the law and the requirements set forth in our Copyright Policy.
We reserve the right to delete or disable content alleged to be infringing, and to terminate accounts for repeat infringers.
(We do this when appropriate and at our sole discretion.)
If you’d like to submit a claim of copyright infringement, please visit our Copyright Policy.
Our designated agent for notice of alleged copyright infringement is:
Dare DropAttn: Copyright OfficePO Box 2021St.
Helena, CA 94574support@DareDrop.com13.
Deleting Your AccountYou can delete your account at any time.
Deleting your account won’t automatically make some content you’ve already posted go away.
You can delete your account at any time.
Deleting your account won’t automatically make some content you’ve already posted go away.
You can terminate your account at any time through your account settings.
We may retain certain information as required by law or as necessary for our legitimate business purposes.
All provisions of this agreement survive termination of an account, including our rights regarding any content you’ve already submitted to the Site.
(For example, if you’ve created a Dare, deleting your account will not remove the Dare from the Site.) You can contact us at support@DareDrop.com for more information or to request Dare page deletion (this is not available in all circumstances).14.
Our RightsTo operate, we need to be able to maintain control over what happens on our website.
So in this Section, we reserve the right to make decisions to protect the health and integrity of our system.
We don’t take these powers lightly, and we only use them when we absolutely have to.
Dare Drop reserves these rights:

We can make changes to the Dare Drop Site and Services without notice or liability.
We have the right to decide who’s eligible to use Dare Drop.
We can cancel accounts or decline to offer our Services (especially if you’re abusing them).
We can change our eligibility criteria at any time.
If these things are prohibited by law where you live, then we revoke your right to use Dare Drop in that jurisdiction.
We have the right to cancel any pledge to any Dare, at any time and for any reason.
We have the right to reject, cancel, interrupt, remove, or suspend any Dare at any time and for any reason.

Dare Drop is not liable for any damages as a result of any of these actions, and it is our policy not to comment on the reasons for any such action.15.
Warranty DisclaimerWe work hard to provide you with great services, but we can’t guarantee everything will always work perfectly.
This site is presented as-is, without warranties.
You use our Services solely at your own risk.
They are provided to you “as is” and “as available” and without warranty of any kind, express or implied.
DARE DROP SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY WARRANTIES IMPLIED BY ANY COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE.
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION (ORAL OR WRITTEN) OBTAINED BY YOU FROM Dare Drop SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY.16.
Indemnification If you do something on Dare Drop that winds up getting us sued, you have to help defend us.
If you do something that gets us sued, or break any of the promises you make in this agreement, you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us harmless from all liabilities, claims, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and other legal costs) that arise from or relate to your use or misuse of Dare Drop.
We reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to this indemnification clause, in which case you agree that you’ll cooperate and help us in asserting any defenses.
If you do something that gets us sued, or break any of the promises you make in this agreement, you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us harmless from all liabilities, claims, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and other legal costs) that arise from or relate to your use or misuse of Dare Drop.
We reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to this indemnification clause, in which case you agree that you’ll cooperate and help us in asserting any defenses.17.
Limitation of LiabilityIf something bad happens as a result of your use of Dare Drop, we’re not liable.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, in no event will Dare Drop, its directors, employees, partners, suppliers, or content providers be liable for any indirect, incidental, punitive, consequential, special, or exemplary damages of any kind, including but not limited to damages (i) resulting from your access to, use of, or inability to access or use the Services.
(ii) for any lost profits, data loss, or cost of procurement or substitute goods or services.
or (iii) for any conduct of content of any third party on the Site.18.
Dispute Resolution and Governing LawWe’re located in New York, and any disputes with us have to be handled in New York under New York State law.
We at Dare Drop encourage you to contact us if you’re having an issue, before resorting to the courts.
In the unfortunate situation where legal action does arise, these Terms (and all other rules, policies, or guidelines incorporated by reference) will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York and the United States, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law, and without application of the Uniform Computer Information Transaction Act or the United Nations Convention of Controls for International Sale of Goods.
You agree that Dare Drop and its Services are deemed a passive website that does not give rise to jurisdiction over Dare Drop or its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, assigns, employees, agents, directors, officers, or shareholders, either specific or general, in any jurisdiction other than the State of New York.
You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these Terms, or your use or non-use of Dare Drop, shall be filed only in the state or federal courts located in New York County in the State of New York, and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of these courts for the purposes of litigating any such action.
You hereby irrevocably waive any right you may have to trial by jury in any dispute, action, or proceeding.19.
The RestThese are our official terms and our rules for how things work.
(So if you ever see conflicting information about any of this stuff, the information here is the last word.)
These Terms and the other material referenced in them are the entire agreement between you and Dare Drop with respect to the Services.
They supersede all other communications and proposals (whether oral, written, or electronic) between you and Dare Drop with respect to the Services and govern our future relationship.
If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid under the law, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the Terms otherwise will remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
The failure of either you or Dare Drop to exercise any right provided for in these Terms in any way won’t be deemed a waiver of any other rights.
These Terms are personal to you.
You can’t assign them, transfer them, or sublicense them unless you get Dare Drop’s prior written consent.
Dare Drop has the right to assign, transfer, or delegate any of its rights and obligations under these Terms without your consent.
Dare Drop will provide you notice via email, written notice, or by conspicuously posting the notice on our Site.
These updated terms will go into effect on March 30, 2021, at 12 a.m.
Eastern Time, and apply to all Dares launched on Dare Drop on or after that date.FAQContact usTerms of ServiceCookie PolicyPrivacy PolicyBrandsJoin us on Discord© 2021 Dare Drop.
All right reserved.
      