


Back to Datadog LegalCookie PolicyCurrent as ofJune 2, 2017 June 2, 2017 
This Cookie Policy (this “Policy”) describes how and when Datadog, Inc.
(“Datadog,”
“we,”
“us,” or “our”) uses cookies on our website located at https://www.datadoghq.com/ (the “Site”), as well how you can manage the cookie settings in your browser.
By continuing to visit the Site or use our services, you are agreeing to use of the cookies and similar technologies for the purposes we describe in this Policy.What is a Cookie?A cookie is a small text file downloaded to your browser when you visit a website that enables certain features and functionality.
You can think of cookies as providing a 'memory' for a website, so that it can recognize users and user activity over time.
For instance, a cookie may be used to record where you have paused a video so that you can resume playing it from the same spot later on.
Most web pages contain elements from multiple web domains, so when you visit the Site your browser may receive cookies from several sources.
This may include third parties that Datadog has hired to provide services such as site analytics or ad targeting.
Datadog also uses web beacons, which are electronic images that may be used in our services or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits and understand usage and campaign effectiveness.How Datadog Uses Cookies and Other Tracking TechnologiesDatadog uses cookies and similar technologies, such as web beacons, to help us understand the profile of our visitors, recognize when you are signed in to your account, and provide you with a better user experience.
We may also use cookies to analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our services and other websites and better understand your online activity.Third-Party Use of CookiesSome content or applications on the Site are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers.
These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website.
The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services.
They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used.
If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.What are your Choices Regarding Cookies?Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default.
If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies.
Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our services.
To learn more about how to control cookie settings through your browser:

Click here to learn more about the “Private Browsing” setting and managing cookie settings in Firefox;
Click here to learn more about “Incognito” and managing cookie settings in Chrome;
Click here to learn more about “InPrivate” and managing cookie settings in Internet Explorer.
or
Click here to learn more about “Private Browsing” and managing cookie settings in Safari.
Where can you find more information about cookies?If you want to learn more about cookies, or how to control, disable or delete them, please visit http://www.aboutcookies.org for detailed guidance.
In addition, certain third party advertising networks, including Google, permit users to opt out of or customize preferences associated with your internet browsing.
To learn more about this feature from Google, click here.
You can learn about opting out of third-party targeting cookies on the Digital Advertising Alliance's consumer choice page here or the Network Advertising Initiative's consumer choice page here or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance consumer choice page here.Changes to this PolicyWe may change this Policy from time to time.
If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy.
By accessing the Site or using our services, you agree to the latest version of this Policy.
We encourage you to review this Policy whenever you access the Site or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our practices.
