
        IQWeb FZ-LLC,DDoS Protection Company,Cookie Policy,IQWeb FZ-LLCCookie Policy,DDoS Protection Company,Revision date and effective date – 12.09.2022,In this section, a website user (hereinafter referred to as “you”) may review the information on how,IQWeb FZ-LCC (hereinafter- as the «Provider») processes cookie data (hereinafter - cookie),collected while you use the website —https://ddos-guard.net/en(hereinafter referred to as the,«Provider's website»).,Cookie are small pieces of data that a website requests from the browser used on your computer or,mobile device.
Cookie show your preferences or activity on the website and information about the,user’s hardware, date, and time of the session.,By continuing to use the Provider's website, you consent to cookie processing.
If you do not agree to,use your cookie, you may refuse to accept cookie, but rejecting to use cookie may affect the correct,operation of the Provider's website or stop using the Provider's website,The Provider uses cookie to improve website performance.
For example, the website can remember,the user’s activity for his/her authorization through cookie, customize the web pages content, generate,statistics, and maintain the user’s session if he/she wishes to do so.
Cookie are stored locally on your,computer or mobile device.,User activity data from the Provider's website is processed to improve theProvider's products and,services, identify user preferences, and provide specified information on the Provider's products and,services and the Provider's partners.,The Provider processes the received data using metric software such as Yandex.Metrika, Google,Analytics, Firebase Google, Tune, Amplitude, Segmento.
When dividing cookie by their purpose, it is,possible to distinguish the following categories:,Per-session (sessional) cookie,Only used in temporary memory during the time the user is on the Provider's website page.
Browsers,usually delete sessional cookie after you close the website window.
Sessional cookie allow the,website to remember the information about your choices on a previous website to avoid re-entering it.,Persistent (stored) cookie,Cookie that are stored on your computer and are not deleted after closing the browser.
Persistent,cookie can save user settings (choices) for a particular website, allowing you to use those preferences,in future sessions.,These cookie allow you to be identified as a unique website user and help ensure your information,and previous activities when you return to the website.,Compulsory (required) cookie,document type: LEGAL | Copyright © 2022 IQWeb FZ-LLC.
All rights reserved.,2,IQWeb FZ-LLCCookie Policy,DDoS Protection Company,A minimum set of cookie, the use of such is necessary for the website stable performance.,You can refuse to use cookie in your browser settings.
In this case, our website will use only those,cookie that are required for the website's functioning and the services it offers.,Disabling cookie,If you prefer, you can delete stored cookie in your browser settings.,Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookie.
The data subject can change the settings on their,browser to block cookie or alert them when a cookie is being sent.,To manage cookie you need to access your browser settings to adjust or change the cookie rules.,Disabling cookie in your browser may cause some parts of the Provider's website not to work,correctly.,Cookie policy change,The Provider may unilaterally change the cookie policy as required.
If the current version of the,cookie policy is changed, its revision date should be specified.
The revised cookie policy will take,effect as soon as it is posted on the Provider's website.,By continuing to use the Provider's website , you agree to the revised cookie policy.,This Cookie Policy is an integral part of the Privacy Policy at the following link: https://ddos-,guard.net/file/POPD_ru.pdf,Questions?,In case of any questions related to the processing of your personal data or rights exercising of a,personal data subject, please get in touch with us at the following contact information:,Mailing address: Dubai Internet City 3, 122, Dubai, UAE;,E-mail: pdn@ddos-guard.net.,The response period to requests of data subjects is 1 month.,document type: LEGAL | Copyright © 2022 IQWeb FZ-LLC.
All rights reserved.,3
      