
         Free Download 
 Shopify Free Trial 
 Reviews 
 Demo store 
 Resources Blog Podcast Webinar 
 More links Pricing Theme Add-ons Contact Affiliate Partners Roadmap Help center 
 Free Download Now Terms of use Changelog 
28 July, 2018: Updated to reflect current product offerings
10 October, 2019: Updated to reflect current product offerings
16 November, 2019: Updated to reflect current product offerings
26 February, 2020: Updated to reflect current product offerings
7 July, 2020: Updated to reflect current product offerings


 Please read the following terms of use carefully (hereinafter “Terms of Use”) of Debutify Inc., a company whose registered office is located at 202-1000, Boulevard Rosemont, in the city of Montreal (h5S 2A1), province of Quebec in Canada (hereinafter “Debutify”).

 Debutify operates the current website “https://debutify.com/“ (hereinafter the “Website”).
By deciding to use the Website and Debutify’s services, the user, that is to say the end user or the organization you represent or you work for (hereinafter the “User” or the “Users”) accepts without delay all the Terms of Use indicated below that govern the content and the running of the Platform, including the “Privacy Policy” and the “General Sale Terms and Conditions” of Debutify.

 These Terms of Use have the effect of legally binding the User and Debutify (hereinafter the “Parties”).
The Parties are entitled to invoke this convention and to take all appropriate and necessary measures to enforce it.

 The User accepts and recognizes that Debutify has the right, at any moment and without a previous notice, to modify, change or update the Terms of Use.

 If the User does not accept these Terms of Use, or as the case may be, the Terms of Use as modified from time to time, he must stop using the Platform.
 ACCESS AND USE OF THE WEBSITE  If you browse the Website, it means that you have read, understood and accepted the Terms of Use.

 The Platform is accessible at all time, from any electronic devices (computer, smartphone, tablet, etc.) and on all browsers.
 THE SERVICE  Debutify offers a cloud-based management tool that provides visual themes and adds-on applicable to e-commerce websites such as Shopify.com (hereinafter the “Service”).

 The Website is accessible at all times.
The Website and Service of Debutify may be temporarily unavailable in case of updates or technical problems.
Debutify is not responsible for any interruption of service or updating.
Debutify will try to make the updates when the affluence of visits on the Website is at its lowest.

 Debutify does not guarantee that the Website, the Service or any portion thereof, will function on any particular hardware or devices.
In addition, the Website may be subject to malfunctions and delays inherent in the use of the Internet and electronic communications.

 Debutify reserves the right to add, delete and modify all content, or parts of it, on the Website, except for the specific content of the User.
Debutify cannot be held responsible for mistakes, typographical errors or bugs.
Each User created in the system owns the content on his account.
Debutify does not delete anything unless a User requests it.

 The User agrees, non-restrictively, to not: 
 a)	Use the Website in a way that could harm, put out of service, surcharge or jeopardizes the Website.

 b)	Disrupt the security or otherwise abuse of the Website or any service, system resources, server or network linked to the Website or to platforms affiliated, linked to or accessible from the Website.

 c)	Disturb or disrupt the use or the enjoyment by other Users of the Website or platforms affiliated or linked to the Website.

 d)	Download, display or otherwise provide on the Website a virus or any other file or computer program that is harmful, disrupting or destructive.

 e)	Use a robot, spider or any other automatic device or manual method to control or copy pages or content of the Website.

 f)	Use the Website to send e-mail chains, «junk mail» or any other type of unsolicited mass e-mail.
and 
 g)	Attempt to obtain unauthorized access to the Website or to certain parts of the Website with limited access.
Moreover, the User recognizes that he is the sole person responsible for any action, communication engaged or sent to him or from him.
He agrees to respect the legislation applicable to its use of and its activities on the Website.
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY  Unless otherwise stated and excluding content owned by Shopify or by others, Debutify owns all intellectual property rights (trademarks, copyrights, etc.) (hereinafter the “Intellectual Property” related to the Website.
The User may not copy or use the material, structure, menu, appearance or characters that appear on the Website without the express consent of Debutify.

 Certain names, words, titles, expressions, logos, icons, graphs, drawings, domain names or other content displayed on the Platform may, among other things, be trademarks or commercial designations, whether registered or unregistered (for the purpose of the following Terms of Use, they are all referred to as “Trademarks”).
These Trademarks are protected by Canadian and foreign laws applicable to trademarks and are, as the case may be, the exclusive property of Debutify.

 Without limiting their coverage, the Intellectual Property elements belonging to Debutify include, non-exhaustively, the following elements: 
 -	Logos, drawings, graphs, marks (registered or not), symbols, texts, expressions, words as well as the general appearance of the Website.

 Unless otherwise stated and excluding content owned by Shopify or by others, any information provided on the Website belongs to Debutify and is protected by the applicable laws.
Except when provided otherwise, the information cannot be copied, displayed, distributed, downloaded, used with a licence, modified, published, reproduced, reused, sold, transmitted or used for derivative works means, public or commercial, without Debutify’s express and written authorization.
The information is protected under Canada’s copyright and trademark legislation as well as under the copyright and trademark legislation of the countries hosting the Website.

 The User can use the information on the Website for a commercial use, provided that he indicates on the copies the mentions regarding copyrights as well as the notices and attributions of the respective trademarks.
The Terms of Use allow the User to have restricted authorization regarding its consultation, the display on his computer, the download and printing of text or pictures presented on the Platform.
This authorization is strictly for commercial, personal and educational uses.
This authorization belongs only to the User and cannot be attributed or transferred to anyone else neither can it be subject to a sublicence.
The pictures and the text contained on the Website that are downloaded, copied, saved or printed are still subject to the Terms of Use.
The User himself needs to assure itself that all the notices regarding copyrights and trademarks are still on them.
The Website’s content can be modified at all times without warning.

 For further information regarding the authorization to use, reproduce or publish again any information displayed on the Platform, please contact us at the following e-mail address: legal@debutify.com.

 Nothing contained herein shall be interpreted as conferring any licence or any kind of right to the User under copyright or trademark's laws.

 Unauthorized download, broadcast, copy or modification of Intellectual Property or data contained in the Website can breach laws regarding trademarks or copyrights.
Such breach can expose the User to a lawsuit.

 The content created, imported, submitted or stored by the User is his property and he is responsible for ensuring that he/she has the rights to use it.
 EXTERNAL LINKS  It is possible that by using a link, the User exits the Website to access external content (hereinafter referred to as “External Links”).

 The User acknowledges that Debutify has no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of those External links.
Debutify is also not responsible for any direct or indirect damage or consequence regarding the access nor the content of these External Links.

 In addition, Debutify does not guarantee the absence of copyright, trademark or any other rights violations by those websites or their content.
Debutify does not guarantee the absence of viruses or any other harmful composites on those websites or on their content.

 Debutify also does not guarantee the accuracy of documents available on Internet.
 SOCIAL MEDIA  The following conditions are applicable when the User accesses a social media page, an account, a website, network or any application contained in them that was created and is managed by a social media (hereinafter individually and collectively referred to as “Social Media”).
 General statement  By using Social Media pages and by submitting a comment, a picture, a video or any other element, the User (as well as his parent/legal guardian if he has not reached the age of majority according to his territory or province of residence) agrees to be bound by and to obey the present Terms of Use, Debutify’s privacy policy as well as Social Media providers’ terms and conditions, if any.
You although agree that Debutify copy, edit, publish, translate and distribute your commentaries, photos, videos or any other element published on a Social Media, and this without any counterpart.
 Terms of Use of Social Media  Some comments and other elements displayed on Social Media pages may not represent Debutify’s opinions.
Consequently, the User agrees not to publish or submit information, publications, links or any other element that fit in either one of the categories listed below on Social Media pages: 
 -	any defamatory content.
 -	offensive; -	obscene.
 -	misleading.
 -	illegal.
 -	violating in any other way the rights of others (including privacy rights); -	any advertising content.
 -	promotional documents or any other form of undesired solicitation.
 -	any content whose origin or source is falsified.
 -	any financial or personal information about you or anyone else.
and  -	any information that Debutify would judge to be a breach or its Terms of Use.


 Any information, message, link or item that, according to Debutify, enter in either one of the categories listed above will be deleted without engaging Debutify’s liability.

 In addition, Debutify does not assume responsibility for filtering messages posted on Social Media.

 Debutify is not liable for entities detaining or exploiting Social Media, particularly for any loss, direct or indirect damage deriving from any measure or decision taken by you or anyone else regarding the use of Social Media.
 REVIEWS  The Platform may have certain features allowing the User to submit comments, information, and other materials publicly (collectively referred as “Reviews”) and share such feedback with other Users, or the public.
By submitting Reviews through the Website, the User grants Debutify to access, use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, publish, transmit, host and display those Reviews for any purpose, business, including without limitation, for publicizing and promoting the Service and the User hereby, waves, or to the extent legally prohibited, assigns Debutify any moral rights in the Users Reviews.
 DISCLAIMER, EXCLUSION OF WARRANTY AND INDEMNITY  Debutify does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, quality, suitability or content of the information on its Website.
This information is provided "as is" without warranty or condition of any kind, unless otherwise stated in jurisdictions that do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties.

 Debutify is not responsible for the content posted on the Website by the User and for any damage that may result.
Each User is responsible for the content it exchanges on the Website and may not use the Website for purposes contrary to the laws applicable in Quebec and Canada.

 When the User is a consumer under the Consumer Protection Act, the Consumer Protection Act does not allow for the exclusion of warranties and Debutify's disclaimer of liability for certain damages.
In this case, the User has additional rights and is not subject to the limitations mentioned below.

 Debutify shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, or any other damages whatsoever, including loss of income, profits or anticipated economic benefits from the use or inability to use the Website, the information, documents and software contained therein, with their content, even if Debutify has been warned of the possibility of such damages or even if such damages may be reasonably foreseen.

 As a User, you will indemnify Debutify, and, as the case may be, its directors and officers, shareholders, partners, employees, agents and other stakeholders of Debutify, and release them from all liability for any and all claims, liabilities, losses and fees (including legal fees) attributable to the use of the Website and/or the violation of these Terms of Use, whether this infringement is on your behalf or any other third-party user of your account.

 You may not use or export the information nor any copy or adaptation of the information in contravention of applicable laws or regulations.
 APPLICABLE LAW AND COMPETENT COURTS  The Website and its content are managed by Debutify from its offices in the province of Quebec in Canada.
The Website and its content, these Terms of Use and your use of it are all governed by the applicable laws of Quebec and Canada, without giving effect to any principle relating to the conflict of laws.

 You agree that all issues and disputes concerning the Website and your use of it should first be brought in front of a mediator and, in the absence of compromise, decided by the courts of the province of Quebec.

 In addition, any court decision that any provision of these Terms of Use is void or unenforceable has no effect on the other clauses.
 AMENDMENTS TO THESE TERMS  Debutify occasionally updates these Terms.
Continued use of Debutify’s Website and Service constitutes the User’s agreement to these Terms and to its updates.

 Debutify reserves the right to modify or supplement these Terms at any time, at its sole discretion and without notice.

 If you object to any changes to these Terms, please cease all use of the Website.
Debutify will attempt, as much as possible, to inform Users of any changes to this Policy, However, it is the User’s responsibility to review it regularly to be informed of any changes that may be made.
 CONTACT PERSON  If you have any questions or comments regarding any content of the Platform, please contact us at info@debutify.com.

 Last update done the July 7th, 2020.
 Open a Shopify Online Store For Free! Sign up for a free Shopify 14-day trial and start selling today. Start your 14-Day free trial 
Try Shopify for free.
No credit card required. Bootstrap Your Dropshipping Empire Today, FREE Download Debutify and get all premium features FREE for 14 days.
 Set up and install in 1 click! Free Download Now  Easy install No coding needed  No credit card needed 



























Theme
Add-ons
FAQ
Meet the team
Pricing
Download
Contact


Career
Affiliate
Partners
Blog
Podcast
Webinar



Terms of use


Privacy policy


Terms of sales


Copyright 2021 Debutify Inc.
All rights reserved.



 Roadmap 
 Help Center 


 208738+ Downloads Free Download Enter your name &amp.
email address. Free Download Now 🎁 BONUS: Receive 5 Free winning products! Enter your shopify domain.
 Free Download Now To install Debutify theme, an active Shopify store is required.
Don't have one yet? Start your 14-Day free trial 

Why do I need to enter my domain?
 Your shopify domain is required to download Debutify app, where you will have access to our theme and add-ons.




What permission is your app asking for?
 We only access the "manage store permission" to be able to edit theme files to install our theme and add-ons.
We do not have access to any of your customer's data.




Why isn't Debutify in the Shopify App Store?
 We couldn't get in the Shopify App Store because our functions are only compatible with Debutify theme.



 Have any questions? chat with us.


FREE Winning Products &amp.
FREE Training You Don't Want to Miss
 Get the FREE ebook on FIVE $1,000,000 PRODUCTS in unsaturated niches, PLUS an exclusive invitation to FREE MASTERCLASS WEBINAR by 7-figure entrepreneur Ricky Hayes.
 Free Download Now Thank you!
We just sent your $1,000,000 Winning Products to your email inbox. Get Debutify theme 100% Free here Do you like cookies? 🍪 We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn more I agree 
      