
         Free Download 
 Shopify Free Trial 
 Reviews 
 Demo store 
 Resources Blog Podcast Webinar 
 More links Pricing Theme Add-ons Contact Affiliate Partners Roadmap Help center 
 Free Download Now Privacy Policy INTRODUCTION  With the advent of new communication tools, it is necessary to pay particular attention to the protection of privacy.
That is why we, Debutify inc.
(hereinafter “Debutify“), are seriously concerned about the privacy of your personal information and we are committed to respecting of the information we collect.

 Debutify undertakes to respect, in accordance with applicable laws, the obligations regarding the collection and processing of personal and confidential information obtained in the context of the operation of a company so that everyone can benefit from the respect of their private life.

 The hereby privacy policy (hereinafter the “Policy”) describes the information that Debutify may collect from the user, that is to say the end user or the organization you represent or you work for (hereinafter the “User” or “Users”), in connection with its activities, the purposes for which Debutify collects it, the use it makes of it, and the circumstances under which it can pass them on to third parties.
In addition, this Policy indicates the User’s rights regarding the collection, use and communication of its personal information.
Debutify agrees not to collect, use or disclose the User’s personal information otherwise than in accordance with this Policy and applicable laws in Canada and Quebec.
 SCOPE OF THIS POLICY  When the User browses Debutify’s website (hereinafter the “Website”), he agrees to the terms and conditions of this Policy.
If the User continues to use the Website after a new version of this Policy has been posted there, he consents to and will be bound by the changes.

 The information we collect is necessary when we provide the User with a service that he has requested.
By providing us with this information, the User consents to its collection and use as defined in this Policy.
 COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION  Debutify may obtain personal information from the User when he saves his personal information on the Website, or where appropriate, when he discloses this personal information otherwise, such as creating a User account and choosing a password, by logging in as a registered User to the Website, by launching a product search, by requesting a service, by providing information in the account, by contacting us by phone, email or otherwise, or by completing a form to enter a contest, inventory request, promotion or survey.

 We collect the following User information, upon registration: 
 -	The surname and first name; -	The age; -	The gender; -	The telephone number; -	The personal address; -	The email address; -	The bank information.
and -	The professional address.
 -	Website.

 The User’s personal information will not be retained beyond the purposes for which it was collected.
The deletion of the data occurs once the User deletes his account.
The User will then have thirty (30) days to recover his data, otherwise, Debutify will delete them permanently.

 The Website is designed for use by adults only, as understood in the Province of Quebec.
Debutify does not knowingly collect any personal information from anyone under the age of eighteen (18).

 For more information on the protection of your personal information and your related rights, you may contact the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada or the Commission for the Protection of Privacy of Quebec.

 • Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada www.privcom.gc.ca  • Commission for the Protection of Privacy of Quebec www.cai.gouv.qc.ca  FORMS AND INTERACTIONS  The User’s personal information may be collected through forms, namely: 
 -	Registration on the Website Form.
 -	Order Form.
 -	Update the User's profile Form.
 -	Authorization of the User to access his information.
and  -	Contact Form.

 Debutify also uses cookies, as indicated in the “Automatically Exchanged Data” section.
Debutify may also keep a record of the User’s product interests and obtain his information from divisions or current or future companies belonging to Debutify.

 Debutify may use the User’s personal information in order to stay in contact with the User and provide him with a personalized service at all time.

 If the User has not subscribed to our newsletter, he will not receive any emails from Debutify, except in special cases (i.e.
follow-up or expiry of its subscription, follow-up of its free trial, participation in a contest, etc.).

 The User’s information is also collected through the interaction that may be established between it and the Website and may be used for the following purposes: 
 -	Provide services to the User.
 -	Manage customer accounts.
 -	Sending information letters.
and  -	Sending of promotions.
 ADVERTISING INFORMATION  Debutify will contact you only if you wish.
If you prefer not to receive any advertising information from us or if you do not want us to use your personal information to enhance your customer experience, please let us know by contacting us at the contact listed in the section, “Right of opposition and withdrawal.”

 Remember to include your full name and the e-mail address you used when you registered or when you made a purchase from us.
There may be a delay in processing time for a request sent by e-mail or mail and you may continue to receive communications from Debutify, in the meantime.
 THIRD-PARTY SERVICES  By using the Platform, the User may engage with third-party applications (hereinafter referred to as “Third-Party Services”).

 The User acknowledges and agrees that regardless of the manner in which such Third Party Services may be offered to them, Debutify merely act as an intermediary platform between the User and such Third Party Services, and do not, in any way, endorses Third Party Services, or shall be in any way responsible or liable with respect to any such Third Party Services.

 The User’s relationship with Third Party Services and any terms governing the User’s payment for, and use of, such Third Party Services, including without limitation, the collection, processing and use of the User’s data by Third Party Services, are subject to a separate contractual arrangement between the User and the provider of a Third Party Service.

 Debutify is not a party to, or responsible, in any manner, for the compliance by the User of the Third Party Service.

 Through the Platform, the User may enable an integration of the User’s Account with Third Party Services, which will allow an exchange, transmission, modification or removal of data between Debutify and the Third Party Service, including without limitation, the User’s Data.

 The User, hereby acknowledges that any access, collection, transmission, processing, storage or any other use of data, including the Customer Data, by a Third Party Service, is governed by the agreement with the Third Party, including any applicable privacy policy.
The user hereby acknowledges that Debutify is not responsible for any access, collection, transmission, processing, storage or any other use of data, including the User’s data, by the Third Party Service or for such Third Party Service privacy and security actions, inaction or general practices.

 In no event shall Debutify be liable for any prejudice that may arise from such third-party services.
Debutify invites the User to consult these services’ respective website, in order to learn about their conditions of use.
 AUTOMATICALLY EXCHANGED DATA  We collect certain information during exchanges between the User’s computer and our server.
Cookies allow the User to connect to the Website.

 This information consists mainly of the following: 
 -	Domain name.
 -	IP address.
and  -	User's language.

 Most of the automatically exchanged data do not allow to identify the User.
They are collected only because of the technological requirements inherent in browsing the Internet.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but it is usually possible to modify this setting.
However, if the User chooses to refuse cookies, he may not be able to identify himself or use certain features of Debutify’s Website.

 The use of such information allows us to improve the service, to personalize the User’s experience and to better track his requests and orders.

 This information is also used to Stay in contact with the User and provide him with a personalized service at all time.

 These cookies are multiple, some expire when the User closes his browser and have no effect while other can be maintained.
 INTERNATIONAL COMMUNICATIONS  It is possible that in certain situations, the User’s information is transferred to servers outside of Canada.
The User acknowledges that Debutify is not liable for the consequences of such transfer.
 SHARING PERSONAL INFORMATION  Debutify undertakes not to sell the collected personal data without the User’s explicit consent.
Personal data can exclusively be sold in the context of a partial or total disposal of Debutify’s business to a third party.
In such situation, the disposed data is subject to the same warranties that those contained in this Confidentiality Policy.

 Unless otherwise stated in this Policy, the personal information the User provides will not be transmitted to third parties without his permission.
However, we sometimes share this information with partners.

 If the User does not wish to have his personal information communicated to third parties or partners, he may opt out at any time, as mentioned in the following section.
 WITHDRAWAL AND OPPOSITION RIGHTS  We are committed to offering the User the right to oppose and withdraw of his personal information.

 The right of opposition is understood as the possibility offered to the Users to refuse to allow their personal information to be used for certain purposes mentioned during the collection.

 The right of withdrawal is also understood as the possibility offered to the Users to request that their personal information no longer appear, for example, in a mailing list.

 The User also has the right to request access to the personal information we have collected about him and to correct any information as needed by contacting the contact person whom information is listed in the section “Contact person” below.
 ANTI-SPAM LEGISLATION  Debutify complies with the dispositions of the Canadian Anti-Spam legislation (CASL).
To withdraw your consent or to stop receiving electronic information or communication, please contact us at the following e-mail address: info@debutify.com.
 SECURITY  The personal information Debutify collects is kept in a secure environment.
Debutify has taken appropriate measures to maintain the confidentiality of personal information and protect it against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification, taking into account, in particular, its sensitivity and the purposes it is used.
In addition, Debutify requires that each employee, proxy or representative of Debutify complies with this Policy.

 In order to ensure the security of the User’s personal information, Debutify uses the following measures: 
 -	SSL (Secure Sockets Layers) protocol; -	Protected access to servers and computers; -	Confidentiality agreements with its employees; -	Procedures for the protection of personal information; -	Use of password-protected data networks; -	Current update of security measures.
and -	Encrypted and secure electronic communications.

 Debutify is committed to maintaining a high degree of confidentiality by incorporating the latest technological innovations to ensure the confidentiality of the User’s transactions in order to protect the User’s personal information and prevent it from being viewed, used or disclosed without authorization.

 However, since no mechanism provides maximum security, some risk is always present when communicating personal information via the Internet.
If a password is used to protect the User’s account and his personal information, it is his responsibility to keep it confidential.
 APPLICABLE LAWS AND JURISDICTION  The Website and its content are managed by Debutify from their offices located in the province of Quebec in Canada.
The Website, its content, the Terms of Use and your use of the Website are regulated by the applicable legislation of Quebec and Canada, without giving effect to no principle regarding conflicts of laws.

 You accept that any question or litigation regarding the Platform and your use of it will first be brought before a mediator and, in the absence of a compromise, settled by the courts of the province of Quebec.

 If the User is a consumer under the Quebec Consumer Protection Act, then any litigation will be ruled by the law of the Province of Quebec and the competent jurisdiction will be determined according to the rules of the Code of Civil Procedure.
 INTERPRETATION  This Policy is governed by applicable Quebec and Canadian laws, including the Privacy Act of Canada.
These laws apply without giving effect to any conflict of law principles.

 Whenever the context so requires, any word written in the singular also includes the plural and vice versa.
any word written in the masculine gender also includes the feminine gender and vice versa.
 DIVISIBILITY  Each provision of this Policy is a separate and distinct whole so that a court decision that any provision of this Policy is invalid or unenforceable will not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Policy.
 CONTACT PERSON  You may exercise your rights provided in this Policy or you may address any other question or complaint regarding Debutify’s privacy practices by contacting us: 
 Name: Raphael Bergeron E-mail: info@debutify.com  AMENDMENT OF THIS POLICY  We occasionally update this Policy.
Continued use of this Platform constitutes the User’s agreement to this Policy and to its updates.

 Debutify reserves the right to modify or supplement this Policy at any time, at its sole discretion and without notice.

 If you object to any changes to this Policy, please cease all use of the Website.
Debutify will attempt, as much as possible, to inform Users of any changes to this Policy, However, it is the User’s responsibility to review it regularly to be informed of any changes that may be made.
However, Debutify will notify prior to the effective date of the amendment to the current Policy.
Debutify will notify the User by sending an email informing the User that it has published the details of the changes on its Website.
If the User does not accept these changes and no longer wishes to use the Webstie, the User must cease all use of the Website.

 Last update done the July 7th, 2020.
 Open a Shopify Online Store For Free! Sign up for a free Shopify 14-day trial and start selling today. Start your 14-Day free trial 
Try Shopify for free.
No credit card required. Bootstrap Your Dropshipping Empire Today, FREE Download Debutify and get all premium features FREE for 14 days.
 Set up and install in 1 click! Free Download Now  Easy install No coding needed  No credit card needed 



























Theme
Add-ons
FAQ
Meet the team
Pricing
Download
Contact


Career
Affiliate
Partners
Blog
Podcast
Webinar



Terms of use


Privacy policy


Terms of sales


Copyright 2021 Debutify Inc.
All rights reserved.



 Roadmap 
 Help Center 


 208737+ Downloads Free Download Enter your name &amp.
email address. Free Download Now 🎁 BONUS: Receive 5 Free winning products! Enter your shopify domain.
 Free Download Now To install Debutify theme, an active Shopify store is required.
Don't have one yet? Start your 14-Day free trial 

Why do I need to enter my domain?
 Your shopify domain is required to download Debutify app, where you will have access to our theme and add-ons.




What permission is your app asking for?
 We only access the "manage store permission" to be able to edit theme files to install our theme and add-ons.
We do not have access to any of your customer's data.




Why isn't Debutify in the Shopify App Store?
 We couldn't get in the Shopify App Store because our functions are only compatible with Debutify theme.



 Have any questions? chat with us.


FREE Winning Products &amp.
FREE Training You Don't Want to Miss
 Get the FREE ebook on FIVE $1,000,000 PRODUCTS in unsaturated niches, PLUS an exclusive invitation to FREE MASTERCLASS WEBINAR by 7-figure entrepreneur Ricky Hayes.
 Free Download Now Thank you!
We just sent your $1,000,000 Winning Products to your email inbox. Get Debutify theme 100% Free here Do you like cookies? 🍪 We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn more I agree 
      