
        Privacy Policy — Worldwide

Last updated: December 1, 2021.

This privacy policy (“Policy”) explains how DeepSource Corp.
(“DeepSource”, “We”, “Us”, “Our”) Processes Personal Data collected from You.
1.
DEFINITIONS

Controller means the natural or legal person, public authority, agency, or other body which alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data.

End-User means any person or entity with whom the Subscriber interacts using the Service(s).

Personal Data means means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’).
an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.

Process means any operation or set of operations which is performed on Personal Data or on sets of Personal Data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.

Processor means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency, or other body which Processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller.

Service(s) shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the Terms.

Subscriber means the natural or legal person that has subscribed to the Service(s) by agreeing to the Terms.

Terms means the binding contract between DeepSource and You which governs the access and use of the Service(s) by You available at deepsource.io/terms-of-service.

Website(s) means the websites that DeepSource operates.

"You" and "Your" means an identified or identifiable natural person whose Personal Data DeepSource Processes.
2.
WHAT DATA DO WE COLLECT AND HOW YOUR DATA IS COLLECTED

2.1 You directly provide DeepSource with most of the data We collect.
The data we collect shall include (i) Personal Data, which shall include email address, names.
(ii) Usage data such as IP address, browser type, browser version, operating system, platform, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
(iii) any other data through cookies.
DeepSource collects data from You when You:
a) Subscribe for any of DeepSource’s Service(s) by agreeing to the Terms;
b) Use or view DeepSource’s Website(s) via Your browser’s Cookies;
c) When You submit web forms on Our Website(s) or as You use interactive features of the Website(s), including: participation in surveys, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, requesting customer support, or otherwise communicating with us.
or
d) When You download and use the Service(s), DeepSource automatically collects information on the type of device You use, and the operating system version, to perform Our agreement with You.

2.2 DeepSource may also receive Your Personal Data indirectly as follows: a) from third party sources like GitHub, GitLab and Bitbucket (“Account Partners”) or Our third party service provider during financial transactions or Your version control service provider, provided that they either have Your consent or are otherwise legally permitted or required to disclose your personal information to us.
b) DeepSource may also obtain Personal Data if You authorize DeepSource to connect with a third-party service.
DeepSource will access and store Your name, email address(es), location, and other Personal Data that the third-party service makes available to DeepSource, and use and disclose it in accordance with this Policy.

2.3 The Website(s) includes social media features and widgets that are either hosted by a third-party or hosted directly on the Website(s) and Your interaction with these social media features and widgets is governed by the privacy statement of the companies that provide them.
You should check Your privacy settings on these third-party services to understand and change the information sent to DeepSource through these services.
3.
PURPOSES FOR WHICH PERSONAL DATA WILL BE PROCESSED
DeepSource Processes Your Personal Data to:
a) facilitate Your access to the Website(s) and Service(s);
b) process and complete payment transactions;
c) provide customer service and support;
d) send You communication on Your use of the Service(s), updates on Our Terms or other policies,
e) send You communication on new features in the Service(s) or new service offerings;
f) conduct research, analysis and development activities (including but not limited to data analytics, surveys and/or profiling) to improve Our Service(s) and facilities in order to enhance Your relationship with Us or for Your benefit, or to improve any of Our Service(s) for Your benefit.
g) Organise events or for other marketing/promotional activities;
h) investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions, unauthorized access to the Websites and Service(s), and other illegal activities;
i) personalize the Websites and Service(s).
and
j) for other purposes for which DeepSource obtains Your consent.
4.
SHARING OF PERSONAL DATA

4.1 You acknowledge that DeepSource will share Your Personal Data with its group companies and third-party service providers so that they may offer You DeepSource’s Service(s) and/or to send information or updates on the Service(s) if You are a Subscriber.

4.2 When DeepSource Processes Your order where You are a Subscriber, it may send Your Personal Data to and also use the resulting information from credit reference agencies to prevent fraudulent purchases.

4.3 DeepSource shares Personal Data with its third-party service providers that host and maintain the DeepSource Website(s), applications, backup, storage, payment processing, analytics and other services.
These third-party service providers may have access to or Process Your Personal Data for the purpose of providing these services for us.

4.4 DeepSource may share Your Personal Data with third-party providers who assist us in marketing and promotions in compliance with applicable laws.

4.5 DeepSource may be required to disclose Your Personal Data in response to: a) lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements and/or b) subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise DeepSource’s legal rights or defend against legal claims.

4.6 DeepSource may also share Personal Data to assist investigation and prevention of illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of DeepSource’s Terms, or as otherwise required by law.
5.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER
DeepSource mainly Processes Personal Data in the United States of America.
However, it may transfer Personal Data outside the United States of America for the purposes referred to in Section 4.
DeepSource will ensure that the recipient of Your Personal Data offers an adequate level of protection that is at least comparable to that which is provided under applicable data protection laws.
6.
RETENTION OF PERSONAL DATA

6.1 DeepSource retains the Personal Data collected where an ongoing legitimate business requires retention of such Personal Data.

6.2 In the absence of a need to retain Personal Data under Section 6.1.
above, DeepSource will either delete or aggregate it or, if this is not possible then DeepSource will securely store Your Personal Data and isolate it from any further Processing until deletion is possible.
7.
SECURITY OF PERSONAL DATA
DeepSource uses appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the Personal Data that it collects and Processes.
The measures DeepSource uses are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of Processing Your Personal Data.
If You have questions about the security of Your Personal Data, please contact us as described in this Policy.
8.
YOUR RIGHTS
You are entitled to the following rights:

8.1 You can request DeepSource for access, correction, update or request deletion of Your Personal Data.
If You wish to make (a) an access request for access to a copy of the personal data which We hold about You or information about the ways in which We use or disclose Your Personal Data, or (b) a correction request to correct or update any of Your personal data which we hold about You, You may submit Your request in writing or via email to us at the contact details provided below.

8.1.1 Please note that a reasonable fee may be charged for an access request.
If so, we will inform You of the fee before processing Your request.

8.1.2 We will respond to Your request as soon as reasonably possible.
In general, Our response will be within thirty (30) business days.
Should We not be able to respond to Your request within thirty (30) days after receiving Your request, we will inform You in writing within thirty (30) days of the time by which we will be able to respond to Your request.
If we are unable to provide You with any personal data or to make a correction requested by You, we shall generally inform You of the reasons why we are unable to do so (except where we are not required to do so under the applicable law).

8.2 You can object to the Processing of your Personal Data, ask us to restrict the processing of your Personal Data, or request the portability of your Personal Data.

8.3 You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications DeepSource sends You at any time.
You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing e-mails DeepSource sends You.
To opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), please contact us as described in this Policy.

8.4 Similarly, if DeepSource has collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, then You can withdraw Your consent at any time.
Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing DeepSource conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your Personal Data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.

8.5 You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about Our collection and use of your Personal Data.
For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.

8.6 If you seek access to or wish to correct, update, modify or delete your Personal Data DeepSource processes, please contact us at support@deepsource.io.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights within a reasonable timeframe in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
9.
COOKIE POLICY

9.1 Cookies are text files that are placed on Your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information by DeepSource.
When You visit the Website(s), DeepSource may collect Personal Data automatically from You through cookies or similar technology.

9.2 Essential Cookies: DeepSource sets essential cookies that enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility.
You may not opt-out of these cookies.
However, You may disable these by changing your browser settings, but this may affect how the Website(s) functions.

9.3 DeepSource also sets cookies to collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help DeepSource understand how its Website(s) are being used or how effective marketing campaigns are, to help customise the Website(s) for You or to make advertising messages more relevant to You.

9.4 Analytics, Customisation and Advertising Cookies: DeepSource sets these cookies to help it improve its Website(s) by collecting and reporting information on how You use it.
The cookies collect information in a way that does not directly identify anyone.

9.5 The list of cookies and opt-out mechanism will, as required by applicable law, be displayed when You visit our Website(s).
10.
NOTICE TO END-USER AND OTHER EXCLUSIONS

10.1 DeepSource’s Service(s) are intended for use by Subscriber.
Where the Services are made available to an End-User through a Subscriber, that Subscriber is the Controller of the End-User’s Personal Data.
In such a case, the End-User’s data privacy questions and requests should be submitted to the Subscriber in its capacity as the End-User’s Controller.
If the End-User is an individual who interacts with a Subscriber using Our Services, the End-User will be directed to contact Our Subscriber for assistance with any requests or questions relating to their Personal Data.
We are not responsible for Subscribers’ privacy or security practices which may be different from this notice.
Subscribers to Our Services are solely responsible for establishing policies for and ensuring compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, as well as any and all privacy policies, agreements, or other obligations, relating to the collection of Personal Data in connection with the use of Our Services by End-Users.

10.2 DeepSource’s Website(s) contains links to other websites.
DeepSource’s Policy applies only to their Website(s), so if You click on a link to another website, You should read their privacy policy.
DeepSource encourages You to review the privacy statements of any such other websites to understand their Personal Data practices.

10.3 This Policy does not apply to aggregated information which summarises statistical information about groups of members, and which does not include name, contact information, or any other information that would allow any particular individual to be identified.
11.
CONTACT INFORMATION
You may contact us if You have any enquiries or feedback on our personal data protection policies and procedures, or if You wish to make any request, in the following manner:

Email Address: legal@deepsource.io

Mailing Address: 2261 Market Street #4022, San Francisco, CA, 94114.
12.
CHANGES TO THE POLICY
DeepSource keeps this Policy under regular review and may update this webpage at any time.
This Policy may be amended at any time and You shall be notified only if there are material changes to this Policy.
