
Last Updated: August 3, 2016
Privacy Policy
The DEEZER website, which can be found at the address http://www.deezer.com (hereinafter the “Site”), is a service created, developed and operated by DEEZER (hereinafter “DEEZER”) a French corporation registered under number 511 716 573, with principal offices located 24 rue de Calais 75009 Paris.
This Privacy Policy (hereinafter “Privacy Policy”) describes how DEEZER collects, uses, stores, shares and protects personal information that it collects from you during your use of the Site (the “Data”).
By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of your Data in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy, please do not use the Site or the Application.
1.
Data We Collect
a.
Data Collected from You
We may collect Data directly from you, including Data you voluntarily provide through the registration form when first registering on the Site or the Application such as your username, password, email address, name, date of birth and gender.
We may also collect Data you provide in the “Settings” section of the Site or the Application, including, your address and phone number.
If you enjoy a free trial or subscribe to a paying subscription, you will have to provide credit card, Paypal or other payment information.
This payment information is collected by us and transferred to and stored by our third party service provider.
however we may retain, store and use limited payment-related information such as your transaction history, the expiration date of your credit card, your method of payment, the email address associated with your payment account (e.g.
Paypal) or a portion of your credit card number stored in an encrypted format.
Our current third-party payment processors are IOS (Apple), Ogone, Worldpay and PayPal.
PayPal’s privacy policy can be found at: https://www.paypal.com/va/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full?locale.x=en.
If you connect to the Site or the Application through your account on a social network services, such as Facebook, you authorize us to collect and use any information that you permit the applicable social network service to share with us in accordance with your privacy settings with the applicable social network service.
We have also included on the Site and the Application applications from social network services to enable you to share content on the Site or the Application with third parties or publicize your use of the Site or of the Application or your opinion on the Site’s or the Application’s content on such social network sites.
If you choose to share content on the site through such social network services, including through your use of the “Share” or “Like” buttons, the social network services may collect the information that you share.
We strongly advise you to read the privacy policies of these social network services in order to know how these third parties collect, store and use your information.
In the event you decide to participate in a contest, poll or survey through the Site or the Application, we may receive Data from you, which will be collected and used in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
b.
Data We May Collect Automatically
During your use of the Site or the Application, we may automatically collect the following Data:

Your IP address, device type, browser type, your device ID, unique identifiers (such as Android or IPhone ID), language, application version, the date and time you access the Site and other software or hardware information;
Your type of subscription;
Your activity on the Site or the Application, including without limitation the name or the number of radios, tracks, albums or artists you listen to or like and your interactions with DEEZER’s users such as when you share albums, tracks or artists or through the comments you post on the Site or the Application or your use of the advertisements displayed.


c.
Data we receive from Third Parties
We may also receive Data about your from: (i) partners we work with or advertisers that make content available on the Site or the Application or (ii) social network websites you may use to interact with the Site or the Application.
DEEZER will not be liable to you if a third party to whom you have given your consent to collect, use or share any Data violates its privacy policy or any data protection law or regulation.
2.
How We Use Your Data
We may use your Data to:

Give you access to the Site or the Application and allow you to use the Site's or the Application’s features;
Provide you with personalized content or advertising;
Communicate with you, including through promotional emails or messages, if you have elected to receive such communication in the “Settings” section of the Site;
Personalize, customize, measure, and improve our services, content, and advertising and otherwise to enhance your experience on the Site or the Application;
Compile and analyze statistics regarding your visit and use of the different pages of the Site or the Application;
Pay right holders for tracks that you listen to through the reports we send to such right holders;
Prevent, detect, and investigate potentially prohibited or illegal activities, and enforce the Terms of Service;
Compile aggregate data for internal and external business purposes;
Resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems.
and
As otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Service.

To learn more about how your Data are used notably for advertising, please visit the following websites: http://www.youradchoices.com/ or http://www.aboutads.info/consumers.
If you want to opt out of behavioural advertising on Mobile or tablet please visit the following websites: http://support.apple.com/kb/HT4228 or https://www.google.com/settings/ads
3.
How We Share Your Data
We may share your Data with third parties in such cases:

Unless you have made your DEEZER profile private, your user name and photo, and the tracks, albums, playlists or artists that you have accessed or listened to are accessible and viewable by the public.

We may share your email address with our third party marketing partners for their own marketing in the event you have consented to receive such communication in the “Settings” section of the Site.

We may share your Data with our third party service providers, including as necessary to process the payment of your subscriptions, to track your use of the Site or the Application, or to send communications to you.

We may share your Data with third parties to enable them to provide personalised advertisements on the Site or the Application or on the third parties websites.

We may disclose your Data pursuant to a law, regulation, or a decision by a regulatory or competent legal authority or, if deemed necessary, for the purpose of preserving the rights and interests of DEEZER.

We may share anonymous, non-identifiable or aggregated data with third parties, such as information about the device from which you access the Site, or information about the radios, albums, tracks, or artists you listen to, including, for example, to create charts of the top tracks, albums, playlists or artists.
and 
We may share your Data when you have expressly consented to such disclosure.

Links to third party’s websites may be made available on the Site or the Application and advertisements displayed on the Site or the Application.
The privacy policies from such websites may differ and will govern the collection and use of the information you provide to such websites.
We therefore strongly recommend that you read the privacy policies of these websites.
4.
Data security
DEEZER recognizes the importance of users’ privacy and has taken reasonable steps to protect your Data against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification.
However, we do not guarantee the security of your Data at any time during the use of the Site or Service.
5.
Data storage and transfer
The Data is stored with the Site host identified in the Legal Notice.
We retain Data for active accounts as long as we believe it is necessary and relevant for our operations.
Additionally, once you have terminated your account, we may continue to store and use your Data for analytical purposes only and you hereby agree that DEEZER has a right to retain and use the Data as such.
Your Data may be transferred to servers which are located in several countries and therefore outside the United States of America.
You expressly consent to such transfer of your Data outside of the United States of America.
6.
Your Rights / How to Contact Us
You can access and modify some of your Data through the “Settings” section of your account.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or if you wish to obtain additional information about your Data, you may contact DEEZER through the “Help” section of your account or by sending an email here.
7.
Data Collection Systems
During your use of the Site or the Application and according to the choices you have made on the “Settings” section of your account or on your web browser, some files called “data collection systems” may be placed on your terminal equipment (computer, tablet, etc.) and some information relating to your visit on the Site may be registered within these Data Collection Systems.
a.
Who is placing data collection systems?
Data Collection Systems may be placed either by DEEZER or our partners.
b.
Why are data collection systems placed? i.
Data Collection Systems placed by DEEZER are:

Data collection systems necessary to provide the Site, the Application and our services.
For example, we use data collection systems to track information relating to your registration or access to the Site, Application and services, to implement security measures and to adapt the Site or the Application to your device settings (e.g.
language, operating system, etc.).
These data collection systems will also enable you to access your personal account on the Site or the Application.
Analytical data collection systems.
We use them to create and track statistics regarding your visit and use of the different components of the Site or the Application and to improve the content of the Site, the Application and our services.
Advertising data collection systems.
We use them to offer advertisements that are tailored to your interests, to track displayed advertisements, including the number of clicks on each advertisement, and to track the actions of users on the pages where the advertisements are leading to.

ii.
Data collection systems placed by third parties:

We authorize some of our commercial partners to place advertising data collection systems on the Site for the same purposes as mentioned above.

c.
What are your choices?
At any time, you can express or modify your choices regarding data collection systems.
You can configure your browser to accept or reject DEEZER’s or third parties’ data collection systems.
However, if you disable data collection systems you may not be able to use all features of the Site or the Application.
We disclaim any liability regarding the consequences linked to the downgraded functioning of the Site, the Application or our services resulting from the inability of DEEZER to place data collection systems as a result of your choice to restrict the use of data collection systems.
In order to be informed how to exercise your choices relating to data collection systems, depending on your browser, you can visit the following sites:

Internet Explorer™ : http://windows.microsoft.com/en-GB/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies
Safari™ : http://www.apple.com/support/mac-apps/safari/
Chrome™ : https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en&hlrm=en
Firefox™ : https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/cookies-information-websites-store-on-your-computer
Opera™ : http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.20/en/cookies.html

You can also set your browser for it to send a code to the Site indicating that you do not wish to be followed (“Do Not Track” option).
You can visit the following pages for more information:

Internet Explorer™ : http://windows.microsoft.com/en-GB/internet-explorer/use-tracking-protection#ie=ie-11
Safari™ : http://support.apple.com/kb/PH11952
Chrome™ : https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/114836?
Firefox™ : https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/how-do-i-turn-do-not-track-feature
Opera™ : http://help.opera.com/Windows/12.10/en/notrack.html

We use the Google Analytics’ service, if you do not wish for Google Analytics to collect or use your information, you can unsubscribe at the following page: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
If you want to learn more about Data Collection Systems, your rights and how to block them, please visit: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
8.
COPPA
The Site is not directed to children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 on the Site.
If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a visitor under the age of 13 on the Site, we will delete the information from our records.
If you have reason to believe that we may have accidentally received personal information from a child under age 13, please contact us immediately through the “Help” section of your account or by sending an email here.
9.
California Privacy Rights
Under California’s “Shine the Light” law, California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the customer information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses.
If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year.
To obtain this information on behalf of DEEZER, please contact us through the “Help” section of your account or by sending an email here with “Request for California Privacy Information” in the subject line of your message.
We will provide the requested information to you at your e-mail address in response.
10.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time.
You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the “Last Updated” legend at the top of this page.
We will use reasonable efforts to notify you of changes to this Privacy Policy by posting the amended policy on the Site at least thirty (30) days before the effective date of the changes.
Use of the Site following such changes constitutes your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy then in effect.
