
Effective Date: November 14, 2020
DeltaMath (“we” or “DeltaMath”) is committed to protecting the privacy of teachers and students.
This Privacy Policy will explain (i) what information DeltaMath collects from you and why we collect it, (ii) how we use and share that information, and (iii) the choices you have, including how to access, update and delete your information.How we Collect and Use Information
Teacher Registration and Class Setup: We ask for certain information when a teacher registers with DeltaMath.
Teachers must provide a school name and address where they currently teach and also their full name and salutation.
This information will be shown to students when they register so they are confident they are registering for the correct class.
Teachers must also provide an email address and password.
The email and password are used for login purposes to protect student data that only teachers have access to.
The email address may also be used to send infrequent updates about DeltaMath.
The teachers must also provide information about the classes they are teaching.
This allows the teacher to create assignments on a per class basis and the students will select the correct section from a dropdown box when they register for the class.

Student Registration: Students may only sign up for a DeltaMath account with a valid teacher code from a registered DeltaMath teacher.
The students are given the teacher code and the students are responsible for creating their own account.
Students must enter their full name, email address, password and select the correct class section when creating the account.
The email addresses are used for a unique login as well as password recovery initiated by the student.
In order to improve privacy, there is an option in the teacher "Tools" that allows email addresses to not be used during registration.
In this case, the teacher could assign non personally identifiable usernames and nicknames in order to increase student anonymity.
The only users that will be able to see the student personally identifiable information are the teachers for whom the student has registered.
The student's teachers are not able to see their students' passwords, but the teacher is able to reset the password of a student in the event that a student has forgotten their password.

Assignment Data: The primary purpose of DeltaMath is for teachers to put up assignments and for students to complete them.
Teachers will create assignments, specifying relevant math problems for students to complete.
Teachers have the opportunity to share their assignments with all DeltaMath users, but the default is that all assignments created are private.
Students will complete the assignments and data will be collected regarding student progress.
This data includes which problems where attempted, the time at which each problem was attempted, the answers the student submitted and whether they were correct, the duration the student was working on each problem, whether each assignment was completed on time and the completion percentage for each assignment.
Some problems have corresponding videos and data is collected on whether the student watched the videos and for how long.
If the teacher decides to assign a "Test Correction" assignment, the students are required to enter in their grade on the given test or quiz and input which questions they got wrong in order for a customized assignment to be made for the student.
All of this data is available to the student's teacher(s) in order to use the information for student accountability purposes or to inform their instruction.
The information is also available to all future, past and concurrent teachers added by the student in order for each teacher to understand their students' strengths and weaknesses to the fullest extent.

Automatically Collected Data: We automatically collect certain technical usage information when you use the DeltaMath Services (“Usage Data”).
Usage Data includes the information that your web browser or mobile application automatically sends to our servers whenever you visit.
The Usage Data collected in our logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol address, operating system, browser type, browser language, referring / exit pages and URLs, platform type, click history, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and time of your request, and whether you opened an email.
Typically, this information is collected through log files, web beacons, browser cookies, or other device identifiers that may uniquely identify your browser or device.
Teachers are able to see the IP addresses of their students for any given problem solved in order to ensure that multiple accounts are not signing in from the same computer possibly indicating one student is signing into another student's account to complete work under a false identity.
In addition, the DeltaMath Services may use third party analytics and bug tracking software (including, without limitation, Google Analytics) to collect further Usage Data regarding the online usage patterns of our users and bugs in our Services.
We may combine Usage Data with Personal Data in a manner that enables us to trace Usage Data to an individual user.
We do not permit third party advertising networks or other third parties to collect information about your browsing behavior from our website for advertising purposes.How we Share Your InformationDeltaMath does not sell or rent any of your, or your child’s, personal information to any third party for any purpose - including for advertising or marketing purposes.
Targeted advertising is not permitted on DeltaMath.
We use the information we collect from you to provide you with the best DeltaMath experience.
More specifically, this information is used to:

Provide and improve the Service, for example by developing new products and features
Respond to your requests for information or customer support
Customize the Service for you, and improve your experience with it
Send you information about new features and DeltaMath products we believe you may be interested in

We use automatically collected information (described in the “Automatically Collected Data” section above) to provide and support our Service, and for the additional uses described in this section of our Privacy Policy.
We do not share personal information with any third parties except in the limited circumstances described in this Privacy Policy:

Service Providers: Targeted advertising is not permitted on DeltaMath.
We do work with vendors, service providers, and other partners to help us provide the Service by performing tasks on our behalf.
We may need to share or provide information (including personal information) to them to help them perform these business functions, for example sending emails on our behalf, database management services, database hosting, and security.
Generally, these service providers do not have the right to use your personal information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us.
Additionally, these service providers must adhere to the same standards of data privacy and security as those detailed herein, particularly with regard to protected personal information.

Analytics Services: We use analytics services, including mobile analytics software, to help us understand and improve how the Service is being used.
These services may collect, store and use information in order to help us understand things like how often you use the Service, the events that occur within the application, usage, performance data, and from where the application was downloaded.

Aggregated Information and Non-Identifying Information: We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information publicly, including with users, partners or the press in order to, for example, demonstrate how DeltaMath is used, spot industry trends, or to provide marketing materials for DeltaMath.
Any aggregated information shared this way will not contain any personal information.

Legal Requirements: We may disclose personal information if we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to comply with the law, such as complying with a subpoena or other legal process.
We may need to disclose personal information where, in good faith, we think it is necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of DeltaMath, our employees, our community, or others, or to prevent violations of our Terms of Service or other agreements.
This includes, without limitation, exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection or responding to government requests.

Sharing with DeltaMath Companies: Over time, DeltaMath may grow and reorganize.
We may share your personal information with affiliates such as a parent company, subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us, in which case we will require those companies to agree to use your personal information in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.

Change of Control: If we sell, divest or transfer DeltaMath or a portion of DeltaMath, we will not transfer Student personal information without first giving you the ability to opt-out of the transfer by deleting your account, unless the new owner intends to maintain and provide the Service as a going concern, and provided that the new owner has agreed to data privacy standards no less stringent than our own.
We may also transfer personal information – under the same conditions – in the course of mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcies, dissolutions, reorganizations, liquidations, similar transactions or proceedings involving all or a portion of our business.How we Store and Protect Your Information
Storage and Processing: Any information collected through the Service is stored and processed in the United States.
If you use our Service outside of the United States, you consent to have your data transferred to the United States.

Keeping Information Safe: DeltaMath maintains strict administrative, technical and physical procedures to protect information stored in our servers, which are located in the United States.
We use highly rated hosting providers with onsite 24-hour security and teams of experts dedicated to monitoring network security.
Access to information is limited through user/password credentials by the administrator of the website only.
When you enter any information anywhere on the Service, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL/TLS) by default.
We ensure passwords are stored and transferred securely using encryption, salted hashing and key stretching to prevent brute force password cracking.
Although we make concerted good faith efforts to maintain the security of personal information, and we work hard to ensure the integrity and security of our systems, no practices are 100% immune, and we can’t guarantee the security of information.
Outages, attacks, human error, system failure, unauthorized use or other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time.
If we learn of a security breach, we will attempt to notify you electronically (subject to any applicable laws) so that you can take appropriate protective steps.
for example, we may post a notice on our homepage (www.deltamath.com) or elsewhere on the Service, and may send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us.How to Update or Delete Your Information
Account Information and Settings: Schools and students may update account information, such as email, password and name, by signing into their account and clicking "Tools".
Schools and other website users can opt-out of receiving promotional email from us by clicking on the "unsubscribe" feature at the bottom of each any email sent to them.
Teachers may change a password or alter a name of any student account who has added the teacher code of that teacher to their student account.
If you have any questions about reviewing or modifying account information, contact us directly at info@deltamath.com.

Deleting Your Account and Information: If you would like to delete your account and information from the site, please contact info@deltamath.com and your request will be honored within a reasonable amount of time.
The request should be made from the email address associated with the account to ensure it is a legitimate request.
If you are a student or a parent of a student of an active School account, the request must be made by the School as an intermediary in order to give the School ample chance to download information from the site that may be used for legitimate educational purposes.
We may maintain anonymized, aggregated data, including usage data, for analytics purposes.Children's PrivacyDeltaMath does not knowingly collect any information from children under the age of 13 unless and until the School has obtained appropriate parental consent for the student to use the Service.
Because DeltaMath collects and uses Student Data at the direction of and under the control of a School, DeltaMath relies on each School to provide appropriate notice to parents of the School's use of third party service providers such as DeltaMath, and for the Schools to provide consent, if necessary, and authorization for DeltaMath to collect Student Data, as permitted by the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).
Please contact us at info@deltamath.com if you believe we have inadvertently collected personal information of a child under 13 without proper consent so that we may delete such data as soon as possible.Changes and UpdatesThis Privacy Policy may be revised periodically and this will be reflected in the “Effective Date” at the top of this page.
Your continued use of the DeltaMath Services following such update constitutes your agreement to the revised Privacy Policy.
