
         Cookie Policy To make this site work properly, we may place small data files called cookies on your device.
Most websites do this. What are cookies? A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site.
It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another. What cookies are set by visiting our site? 
Social Website Cookies
So you can easily “Like” or share our content on the likes of Facebook and Twitter we have included sharing buttons on our site.
The privacy implications on this will vary from social network to social network and will be dependent on the privacy settings you have chosen on these networks.

Site Improvement Cookies
We regularly test new designs or site features on our site.
We do this by showing slightly different versions of our website to different people and anonymously monitoring how our site visitors respond to these different versions.
Ultimately this helps us to offer you a better website.

Visitor Statistics Cookies
We use cookies to compile visitor statistics such as how many people have visited our website, what type of technology they are using (e.g.
Mac or Windows which helps to identify when our site isn't working as it should for particular technologies), how long they spend on the site, what page they look at etc.
This helps us to continuously improve our website.
These so called “analytics” programs also tell us if how people reached this site (e.g.
from a search engine) and whether they have been here before helping us to put more money into developing our services for you instead of marketing spend.

Remarketing Cookies
You may notice that sometimes after visiting a site you see increased numbers of adverts from the site you visited.
This is because advertisers, including ourselves pay for these adverts.
The technology to do this is made possible by cookies and as such we may place a so called “remarketing cookie” during your visit.
We use these adverts to offer special offers etc to encourage you to come back to our site.
Don't worry we are unable to proactively reach out to you as the whole process is entirely anonymised.
You can opt out of these cookies at anytime.

Affiliate Cookies
We have a number of partners who promote our service on a success-only basis (i.e.
instead of paying for advertising, we pay them commissions on sales).
Cookies are required to allow us to reward these partners and these cookies are usually provided by specialist companies (known as affiliate networks).
Neither us, the networks, or the partner advertising or recommending our services are able to identify you personally.
We ask you to support us by allowing these cookies which ultimately help us to offer you the service we do at the price we do.

Email Newsletter Cookies
This site offers newsletter or email subscription services and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users.

How to control Cookies?
You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish – for details, see aboutcookies.org.
You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed.
If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.
How to control cookies?
