
        
Welcome on mstdn.io! 🎉
Fast, secure and up-to-date instance, welcoming everyone around the world.
Join us! 🌍 Up since 04/04/2017.
✅
Why should you sign up on mstdn.io?

This instance is not focused on any theme or subject, feel free to talk about whatever you want.
Although the main language is english, we accept every single language and country.
We're connected to the whole ActivityPub fediverse and we do not block any foreign instance nor user.
We do have rules, but all we want is to have responsible users.
The instance uses a powerful server to ensure speed and stability, and it has good uptime.
We follow state-of-the-art security practices.
We have over 300 custom emojis to unleash your meme potential!


Looking for a Kpop themed instance? Try kpop.social


If you have trouble with the instance (as a user or as a fellow admin), please toot the admin @admin@mstdn.io, send an email or contact him on Twitter: @fuolpit


By @espectalll

📜 Rules: • Respect each other 🤝
• If you follow the Human Rights (EN/FR/JP), nothing bad should happen 😉
• Don't spam ✋
• No racism, xenophobia, sexism, discrimination, nazis...
☮️
• Please don't post illegal content (or links to) in France and Germany (except torrents) ⛔
• For NSFW content, use the content warning or the NSFW filter, otherwise please post your toot as unlisted 🔞
• Use content warning for spoilers ❗
• Bots and commercial accounts are prohibited.
See (botsin.space for bots)
• A local account may be muted or banned if they don't follow the rules.
🔐
• We only block/silence foreign accounts and instances for legal reasons or spam.
• List of suspended/silenced accounts/instances (pretty empty)
• Have fun 🎉
If you're not sure about the rules whether it's because you want to sign up or post something, please contact the admin.
Due to spam, you'll have to apply before signing up.
Please use real reasons for you application, otherwise you may be discarded as spam.

💻 What's behind? This instance is hosted on a VM at Hetzner Cloud, in Germany.
You can see the status page to check our uptime.
Since we have users from all around the world (From Brasil to Japan, including Wester Europe), we use Cloudflare as a CDN among other things.
 FYI, 30 days of the web server's logs are kept.
Daily backups are made.

👨‍💻 The admin
I'm @angristan, the admin, a french tech enthusiast and Linux sysadmin at a French managed web hosting company.
I'm a student in a French IT school at the same time.
I run an english blog and a french blog if you're interested.
I made an account dedicated to mstdn.io news: @admin.
Thus you don't have to follow my personnal account to get the latest news on the instance.
I'm the only admin here so feel free to toot me if you have any question or concern about the instance!
Also, I'm a heavy user of Mastodon, so you can be sure this instance won't be abandoned because I lost interest.
I launched mstdn.io because I love FOSS, dencentralization and free software, so this is one of my hobby.
😁 💰 Donations
You can donate to help me maintain this instance in the long term.
Here is what I have to pay:
• Domain name: 35€/year
• Main Server: 20€/month
• Object storage: 5€/month
• Backup storage: 10€/month
I invested a lot of time for this, hundreds of hours of installing, tweaking, debugging, optimizing, monitoring, explaining, etc.
I love it, but I do this on my free time, so any thanks for my work, financial or not, is really appreciated.
I also run a Tor relay, so your money will alway be put to good use 😊
Donation methods:
• Patreon
• Ko-fi
• Buy me a coffee
• Liberapay
• Paypal
• Cryptocurrencies 🤝


If you can't help financially, don't worry! Just talk about Mastodon around you, help the new users, and toot every day!
You can also just say thanks.
Thank you, and happy tooting!
We're no strangers to tweets
You know the rules, and so do I
The full federation that I'm thinking of
You wouldn't get it from
Any other instance
I'm just gonna tell you how I toot
Gonna make you understand
Never gonna toot you up
Never gonna boost you down
Never gonna tweet around and
Subtoot you
Never gonna make you toot
Never gonna say good toot
Never gonna tell a toot
And toot you

By @headlessideas Moderated servers
Mastodon generally allows you to view content from and interact with users from any other server in the fediverse.
These are the exceptions that have been made on this particular server.
Suspended servers
No data from these servers will be processed, stored or exchanged, making any interaction or communication with users from these servers impossible: Server
Reason botsin.space Many bots on this instance.
Uses too much database space.
freefedifollowers.ga Spam mstdn.foxfam.club Many bots on this instance.
Uses too much database space.
newsbots.eu Many bots on this instance.
Uses too much database space.
twitter.activitypub.actor Many bots on this instance.
Uses too much database space.

      