
        👋 Deseat.meSign inTerms of ServicePlease read these Terms of Service (the “Terms”) carefully before using this Website (the “Website”).
By using this Website or any subdomains of the Website, the user (“You”) has accepted these Terms.
If You do not accept these Terms, do not use the Website.
Ctrl Alt Deseat may modify all or any part of these Terms from time to time and may not provide notice to You.
You are encouraged to check these Terms regularly so that You are aware of Your current rights and obligations.
Your continued use of this Website, after the publication of amendments of the Terms, constitutes Your binding acceptance of the updated Terms.
If, at any time the Terms are no longer acceptable to You, You should immediately cease to use this Website.Purpose of the websiteThe purpose of the Website is to provide a service, that makes it possible to find and delete Internet accounts which You have signed up to with Your email address and a password (“Internet Accounts”).
In order to use the service, You need to log into the Website through OAuth 2.0 protocols with Your email account and password.
Once You have logged in, Ctrl Alt Deseat uses an application that scans through all Your emails in search for Internet Accounts.
The application is designed to run locally on Your computer.
A list of mobile applications, websites and other Internet Accounts that are connected to Your email address is generated.
Ctrl Alt Deseat does not guarantee that the application will find all Your Internet Accounts.
You will then be offered the possibility to delete and/or deregister the Internet Accounts which You do not want to keep.
Ctrl Alt Deseat does not access, see or keep any of your login information or any content in Your email account.
Ctrl Alt Deseat only registers Your email address.Privacy PolicyCtrl Alt Deseat’s Privacy Policy describes how personal data that You provide to Ctrl Alt Deseat or which Ctrl Alt Deseat collects about You is being processed.EligibilityIn order to use the service of the Website, You must: a) be a natural person of at least 13 years of age, b) submit Your correct email address and keep it updated, and c) comply with these Terms at all times.Code of ConductYou understand that all information, data, text, software, graphics or other materials (“Content”), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, are the sole property of the person from whom such Content originated.
Your use of this Website is subject to all applicable local, national and international laws and regulations, and You agree not to violate such laws and regulations.
Any attempt by any person to deliberately damage this Website is a violation of criminal and civil laws.
Ctrl Alt Deseat reserves the right to seek damages from any such person to the fullest extent permitted by law.
You agree not to post or transmit through this Website any material or content that violates or infringes in any way the rights of others or solicits, encourages or promotes the use of illegal substances or activities, which is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, derogatory, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, vulgar, obscene, bigoted or hateful, profane, scandalous, pornographic, indecent or otherwise objectionable, gives rise to civil or criminal liability or otherwise violates any applicable law.
You may not engage in any activity on this Website that restricts or inhibits any other user from using this Website by "hacking", "cracking", "spoofing", or defacing any portions of this Website.
You may not post or transmit through this Website advertising or commercial solicitations.
promotional materials relating to website or online services which are competitive with Ctrl Alt Deseat and/or this Website.
software or other materials that contain viruses, worms, time bombs, Trojan horses, or other harmful or disruptive components, political campaign materials.
chain letters.
mass mailings, spam mail, any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application, or other manual or automatic device or process to retrieve, index, "data mine", or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of this Website or its contents.
You may not harvest or collect information about the Website’s visitors or users without their express written consent.MonitoringCtrl Alt Deseat has the right, but not the obligation, to monitor the content of this Website, to determine compliance with these Terms and any other operating rules established by Ctrl Alt Deseat.
Ctrl Alt Deseat has the right in its sole discretion to edit, refuse to post or remove any material submitted to or posted on this Website that Ctrl Alt Deseat finds to be in violation of these Terms or is otherwise objectionable.
You are solely responsible for any information You post, transmit or otherwise make available on this Website.
You acknowledge and agree that Ctrl Alt Deseat does not have any liability for any action or inaction with respect to any conduct, communication or posting on this Website.Copyrights and TrademarksCtrl Alt Deseat either owns the intellectual property rights in the HTML, text, images audio, video, software or other content that is made available on this Website, or has obtained the permission of the owner of the intellectual property to make it available on this Website.
Except as expressly permitted, You may not reproduce in any form, or by any means any portion of the materials on this Website without Ctrl Alt Deseat's prior written consent.
Ctrl Alt Deseat authorizes You to display on Your computer or mobile device, download and print pages from this Website provided: (a) the copyright notice appears on all such printouts, (b) the information will not be altered, (c) the content is only used for personal, educational and non-commercial use, and (d) You do not redistribute or copy the information to any other media.
The trademarks, logos and service marks (“Marks”) displayed on this Website are the property of Ctrl Alt Deseat or third parties.
You are not permitted to use the Marks without the prior written consent of Ctrl Alt Deseat or such third party that owns the Mark.Links to third party sitesThe Website may contain links to other websites and resources, which are provided for convenience purposes only.
Ctrl Alt Deseat has not reviewed the websites and is not responsible for the content or availability of any linked websites.
The inclusion of any link to a website does not imply endorsement by Ctrl Alt Deseat of the website or their entities, products or services.Indemnification for breach of terms of serviceBy using this Website, You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Ctrl Alt Deseat and its officers, directors, shareholders, predecessors, successors in interest, employees, agents and licensors harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, liabilities and expenses (including attorneys' fees) (i) related to Your breach of these Terms or (ii) related to or arising out of such submitted content, breach of contract, false advertising, product liability, and patent, copyright or trademark infringement, even if such content is reviewed by Ctrl Alt Deseat prior to publishing on the Website.
These Terms do not confer any third-party beneficiary rights.Disclaimer of warrantiesThis Website and all Content, materials, information, software, products and services are provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis.
Your use of this Website is at Your own risk.
Ctrl Alt Deseat disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including without limitation, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.
Ctrl Alt Deseat makes no warranty that, (i) the Website will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, (ii) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Website will be accurate or reliable, (iii) any errors in the software will be corrected, or that this Website, its Content, and the server on which the Website and Content are available are free of viruses or other harmful components.
Any material (including Content) downloaded or obtained through the use of this Website is done at Your own risk and You will be solely responsible for any damage to Your computer system, mobile device or loss of data that results from the download of any material.
Information created by third parties that You may access on this Website or through links is not approved, adopted or endorsed by Ctrl Alt Deseat and remains the responsibility of the third party.Limitation of liabilityTo the fullest extent permitted by law, Ctrl Alt Deseat is not liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, loss of business, revenue, profits, goodwill, use, data, electronically transmitted orders, or other economic advantage) arising out of or in connection with the Website, even if Ctrl Alt Deseat has previously been advised of, or reasonably could have foreseen, the possibility of such damages, however they arise, whether in breach of contract, including without limitation damages due to (a) the use of or the inability to use the Website.
(b) the cost of purchase of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods, data, information or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into, through or from the Website.
(c) statements or conduct of any third party on the Website, including without limitation unauthorized access to or alteration of transmissions or data, malicious or criminal behavior, or false or fraudulent transactions, or (d) Content or information You may download, use, modify or distribute.TerminationYou agree that Ctrl Alt Deseat may terminate Your access to the Website for violation of these Terms and/or requests by authorized law enforcement or other government agencies.DisputesThese Terms and all claims relating to the relationship between the parties are governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, Swedish law, without regard to choice of law provisions.
You and Ctrl Alt Deseat agree that the District Court of Stockholm (Stockholms tingsrätt) will have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim that arises from or with these Terms.
