
        👋 Deseat.meSign inPrivacy PolicyPersonal Data ControllerCtrl Alt Deseat AB (“Ctrl Alt Deseat”) is the personal data controller and is, in accordance with the legislation on personal data applicable in Sweden, responsible for any personal data submitted by You on the Website.
The terms of this Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time.
You shall therefore read this Privacy Policy regularly.
Any amendments of the Privacy Policy will be published on the Website.
You will find information about how to contact us under the heading “Contact Details” below.Collection and use of personal dataCollection upon registration of an account on the WebsiteIn order to use the services offered on the Website, You are obliged to register an account.
The account shall only be accessed and managed by the account holder and such employees at Ctrl Alt Deseat who are authorized to administer the accounts.
The account holder is able to update or amend the submitted personal data and to delete the account at any time.
Should the requested information not be provided we are not able to provide the services offered on the Website to You.Personal data that we collectWhen You create an account on the Ctrl Alt Deseat Website You provide Your e-mail address.
We also store the status of Your specific accounts i.e.
Keep or Delete etc.
Moreover, we collect Diagnostic Reports and other troubleshooting, bug, and crash reporting information from customers to help determine problems with deseat.me.Purpose and use of dataThe personal data submitted by You on the Website is aimed to provide Ctrl Alt Deseat with the necessary information to administer and offer the services to the users and show users a list of accounts created with a specific email.
We gather statistical information for the purpose of improving our services.
We store your contact information, i.e.
email address, to be able to provide support and to communicate with You about other information such as product updates and announcements.
You can choose to stop receiving communications from us, except regarding certain important notifications such as account security alerts.
To be able to detect and determine problems with our services we collect Diagnostic Reports and other troubleshooting information such as bug and crash reporting data from our users.
Copies of Diagnostic Reports and other information transmitted to us is used to enhance and improve our Services and to provide support for our users.Legal ground for processingThe legal ground used for processing Your personal data is dependent upon type of data, why it is collected and how we use it.
Before submitting any personal data on the Website, You must provide Your consent to Ctrl Alt Deseat to process and manage Your personal data for the purposes specified in this Policy.
By using the Website, You consent to Ctrl Alt Deseat’s use and disclosure of such personal data in compliance with this Policy.
You have the right to withdraw Your consent to processing at any given time.
This does not however affect the legality of processing Your information prior to withdrawal.
To withdraw Your consent simply send us an email stating that You withdraw Your consent to us processing Your information further.
When communicating with You about Ctrl Alt Deseat product updates and other announcements or when we use Your data for troubleshooting, for a statistical purpose or for improving our services including developing new features we rely on the legal ground of our legitimate business interests.
These legitimate business interests include evaluating the performance of our services and improving our infrastructure for the benefit of our users.
This we do at the same time as we apply proper safeguards for Your Privacy and Your rights.Disclosure of personal dataWe have both policy and technological safeguards to prevent the unauthorized disclosure of information.
However, we do reserve the right to disclose any information we have if compelled to do so by a court of law with competent jurisdiction or if necessary to prevent criminal activity or damage to life or property.
In such an event we will disclose requested personal data to the authorities.
If permitted by the order issued by the court, we will notify You of such a request and whether or not we have complied.
Ctrl Alt Deseat may, in good faith, share personal data if we believe such disclosure is necessary to comply with the law or other contractual provisions of these terms or to enforce the terms or where such disclosure is expressly permitted under the terms.
If You sign up for our premium service, Ctrlpanel (ctrlpanel.io), the information from Deseat.me (Accounts) will be transferred to Your Ctrlpanel-account.
Where necessary in order for us to provide our services to You we use external suppliers (Processors) to help us with statistics and troubleshooting.
These suppliers may process Personal Data and sometimes require limited access to Personal Data.
We are committed to Your privacy why we limit such access and only share information that is necessary for suppliers to carry out their work.
We make sure that our suppliers provide sufficient safeguards to protect Your Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the GDPR.
We will never disclose Your data to a third party for commercial use.Storage periodThe personal data is stored for as long as You have an account and deleted directly after inactivation of the account unless the data is required for a specific reason such as legal obligations or that Ctrl Alt Deseat has agreed with You to store the personal data for a certain longer period of time.
Ctrl Alt Deseat reserves the right to delete personal data earlier if Ctrl Alt Deseat deems appropriate.SecurityCtrl Alt Deseat strives to provide a secure environment on the Website by limiting the access to Your account to only the account holder.
Ctrl Alt Deseat cannot guarantee that unauthorized persons not gain access to the personal data in the account.Transfers outside the EU/EEASOur servers are provided by our vendors in the United States and transfers to those servers are based on an adequacy decision in accordance with article 45 of the GDPR and they are certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield.
When we use other third party vendors for providing and improving our services which are located outside the EU/EEAS we make sure that they are subject to an adequacy decision or that appropriate safeguards are implemented and that Your rights are enforceable and that effective legal remedies are available for You, in accordance with article 46 of the GDPR.
To find out more about the EU-US Privacy Shield please click the following links:https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TOWQAA4https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcomeYour rightsUnder the GDPR You have the right to:

Request information about the the Personal Data we hold related to You free of charge.
Your also have a right to request a withdrawal of the record.
A request for a withdrawal of record shall be made in writing and must be personally signed by You.
The request shall be sent by regular mail to the address indicated under Contact Details.
It is thus insufficient to send the request by e-mail.
You have the right to receive one copy of the record free of charge.
For additional copies we may charge a fee to cover the administrative costs.
Request rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning You and request incomplete data to be completed.
Request erasure of personal data concerning You.
Ctrl Alt Deseat has the obligation to erase Your personal data without undue delay if one of the grounds of article 17 GDPR applies for example if the personal data no longer is necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
Request restriction of the processing of personal data concerning You if one of the grounds in article 18 GDPR applies for example if the processing is unlawful.
Object to further processing of personal data concerning You for direct marketing purposes.
You also have the right to object to further processing of personal data concerning You that occurs on basis of our legitimate interests or the public interest.
Data portability which means that Ctrl Alt Deseat will, during certain circumstances, send the personal data concerning You in a machine-readable format if the transfer is technically possible.
You can then without hindrance from Ctrl Alt Deseat transmit those data to another controller.
Withdraw your consent to processing.
This does not however affect the legality of processing Your information prior to withdrawal.
To withdraw Your consent simply send us an email stating that You withdraw your consent to us processing Your information further.
Hand in a complaint to the relevant national data protection authority.
In Sweden this is Datainspektionen (www.datainspektionen.se).
Restrictions to Your rights may apply in accordance with article 23 of the GDPR.
CookiesA ‘cookie’ is a small text file sent from Ctrl Alt Deseat’s server to Your browser.
The cookie cannot identify You personally.
It can only recognize the browser that is installed on Your computer and that is used to access Ctrl Alt Deseat’s Website.
Different cookies are sent to different computers if You access the Website from different computers.
Cookies are required for the system to function correctly and safely, for example when You log in to Your account.
Cookies are also used to measure the data traffic in the system and for statistical reasons.
There are two types of cookies, one type is called session cookies, and the other is called permanent cookies.
A session cookie is sent between Your computer and Ctrl Alt Deseat’s server in order for the system to work properly during Your visit on the Website.
A session cookie disappears when the browser is closed and is thus not stored on the computer.
A permanent cookie is stored in Your computer and allows Ctrl Alt Deseat’s systems to recognize Your computer's IP address and web browser the next time You log in.
Ctrl Alt Deseat’s system uses both session cookies and permanent cookies.
You can decline Ctrl Alt Deseat’s system to store cookies on Your computer by editing a setting on the browser.
Such settings may imply that certain functions on the Website will not function properly or be available.
In order to retain aggregated statistics to be able to analyze, enhance and improve the functionality of our Services we use Google Analytics.
For more information about Google Analytics and Privacy please follow this link: policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites.
You can disable cookies for Google Analytics by following this link: tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.Contact DetailsCtrl Alt Deseat AB (“Ctrl Alt Deseat”) is the personal data controller.Mörbydalen 11, 182 52 Danderydsupport@deseat.me
