
         Refund Policy 
User Agreement
Special Terms and Conditions
Rules for Paid/Commercial Projects
Refund Policy
Rules for Community Contests
Designer / Client Contract
Privacy Policy

 1 Our Refund Policy 
 1.1 Multiple Designer / Creative Contest refunds - Client is eligible for and can request a full refund of its Project Budget (excluding any Project Posting Fees and Upgrade Fees paid to Us and excluding the applicable transaction fee(s)) in respect of a Project if: 
 (a) it requests a refund in writing using the procedure on the DesignCrowd Site ("Refund Request").

 (b) it has not selected a Winning Work from the Works submitted (if any) in response to a Brief.

 (c) the Multiple Designer / Creative Contest is not a Guaranteed Multiple Designer Contest.
and 
 (d) the Refund Request is made within 60 days of launching the relevant Project.

 1.2 Project Posting Fees - Client is eligible for and can request a full refund of its Project Posting Fees and Upgrade Fees (excluding the applicable transaction fee(s)) in respect of a Project if: 
 (a) no Submissions are made by any Designers prior to the Deadline for Multiple Designer / Creative Contest Submissions.

 (b) none of the Submissions provided by Designer(s) meet the Concrete Requirements outlined in Client’s Brief.
or 
 (c) none of the Submissions provided by Designer(s) meets DesignCrowd’s Minimum Design Standards.

 1.3 Exceptions - Notwithstanding the terms above, Client is not eligible for and will not receive any refund where: 
 (a) the Project / Contest is Guaranteed and therefore ineligible for a refund.
or 
 (b) Client has already selected a Winning Work.

 1.4 One Designer / Creative Projects - Client will be eligible for a full refund of its Project Budget (excluding any Payment Posting Fees and Upgrade Fees paid to Us and excluding the applicable transaction fee(s)) in respect of a Project where: 
 (a) the One Designer / Creative project is refundable and the Client has not approved payment to the selected / appointed Designer / Creative.

 (b) no Submissions are made by any Designers / Creatives prior to the Deadline for One Designer / Creative Project(s) Submissions.

 (c) all the Submissions provided by the Designer / Creative do not meet the Concrete Requirements outlined in Client’s Brief as assessed by Us.
or 
 (d) all the Submissions do not meet DesignCrowd’s Minimum Design Standards as assessed by Us, 
 and the Refund Request is made within 15 days after expiry of the Deadline for Approving the Work.

