

Multimedia
Mobile
Download Center






How-tos


Support
 Featured Multimedia Software WinX DVD Ripper Platinum Fast rip DVD to MP4 (H.264/HEVC).
Backup DVD in 5 mins. Learn More WinX HD Video Converter Deluxe GPU accelerated 4K video converter, resizer &amp.
editor. Learn More Check our holiday sales, save up to 75% >> WinX MediaTrans Manage, backup &amp.
transfer videos, music, photos between iPhone iPad and computer in an easier way.
Free up space and fast two-way sync.


Backup Photos
Manage Music
Transfer Videos
 Learn More Check our holiday sales, save up to 75% >> Support Center Sales FAQ Find the answers to purchase benefits, license code, refund, etc. Tech FAQ Get help yourself if you have any questions with Digiarty Software.
 User Guide Tutorials and step-by-step guides to learn how to use our products. About Us We've been focused on multimedia software solutions, since 2006.

Contact Support TeamHave any questions on purchase or need technical support, please contact us >>
 Howto Center DVD Center Get effective solutions to fix DVD backup, rip &amp.
playing troubles.
 Video Resource Find the answers to convert, resize, edit, and play your 4K/HD videos.
 Transfer Data Take full control of your data, transfer between iDevices and PC.
 Tips and Glossary Go and get the hottest topics and a boatload of home entertainment tips.

More Guides and SolutionsFull tutorials and guides to copy DVD and burn disc easily and quickly >>


WinX DVD Ripper Platinum
WinX HD Video Converter Deluxe
WinX MediaTrans
Download Center
Support
How-tos

Home &gt.
Copyright Notice Digiarty (WinXDVD) Copyright Notice WinXDVD values and respects the intellectual property and copyright of others, and does not permit infringement of intellectual property rights on its platform.
WinXDVD defers to the federal Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) and will promptly make content inaccessible when kindly notified.
If you're a content creator, the copyright owner of content, or an agent, and would like to disable the possible use of WinXDVD products on your publicly available content(s), please kindly send us a written notice via e-mail with the information stated below and we will promptly remove the content(s) in our system under our control.
WinXDVD does not control content hosted on third party websites, and cannot remove content from sites that it does not own or control.
If you are the copyright owner of content hosted on a third party site, and you have not authorized the use of your content, please contact the administrator of that website directly to have the content removed.
If you believe that content available by dint of WinXDVD software infringes one or more of your copyrights, please notify us by E-mailing a written notice containing the essential information listed below.
Please be advised that you will be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) if you materially misrepresent that a product or activity is infringing your copyrights.
Therefore, in case you are not sure content available through WinXDVD software infringes your intellectual property rights, you should consider first contacting an attorney.
Required Information: 
1. Identify yourself as the owner of a copyrighted content or a person "authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.".
Meanwhile, a physical or electronic signature shall be attached.


2. Identify the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed.

3. Identify the Content that is claimed to be infringing and asked to be removed.
Please kindly provide sufficient information (e.g., URL) to help us locate the Content.


4. Your contact information please.
Your E-mail address, valid phone number or other means of communication is appreciated to provide.

5. A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

6.
State that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, and that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

E-mail your Infringement notice to media@winxdvd.com to notify us.
Digiarty Software is a leading multimedia software provider, delivering easy-to-use and innovative multimedia solutions to users all over the world. Company 
About Us
Business Partner
Find out our News
Contact Us
 Product 
DVD Ripping Software
Video Converter
DVD Copy Software
iPhone Data Transfer
 Support 
Sales FAQ Center
Tech FAQ Center
User Guides
 How-tos
 Newsletter Stay up-to-date with our news, updates, guides. Follow us: Home | About | Site Map | Privacy Policy | License Agreement | News | Contact Us | How-tos

Copyright © 2022 Digiarty Software, Inc.
All rights reserved
 Any third party product names and trademarks used in this website are property of their respective owners.
All the related logos and images, including but not limited to Apple's iPhone®, iPod®, iPad®, iTunes® and Mac® are registered trademarks of their own.
Digiarty Software, Inc.
is not owned by or affiliated with Apple Inc.
and any of those companies.

      