



Facebook


Twitter


Instagram


Razor Informatics


Home
Sign in
Sign up


Home
Sign in
Sign up
 Our terms and conditions 
DigiChama wants to ensure that your privacy is protected and this privacy policy relates how uses and protects any information provided to DigiChama when you use this website.
Any information you provide will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which DigiChama collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the https://www.digichama.co.ke website ("Site").
This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by DigiChama. Personal identification information We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site fill out a form respond to a survey subscribe to the newsletter and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site.
Users may be asked for, as appropriate: 

name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
 Security To stop any unauthorized access or disclosure of your information, appropriate electronic, physical and managerial procedures have been implemented to protect the information we gather online and ensure its security.
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us.
Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities. Non-personal identification information  We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site.
Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information. Web Browser Cookies Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience.
User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them.
User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent.
If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly. How We Use Collected Information DigiChama collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:

To improve customer service.
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To personalize user experience.
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site.
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To process transactions.
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order.
We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To send periodic emails

 The email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order.
It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include User may contact us via our Site How We Protect Your Information We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel Sharing Your Personal Information We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others.
We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.. Google AdSense Some of the ads may be served by Google.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet.
DART uses "non personally identifiable information" and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc.
You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html Changes to This Privacy Policy DigiChama has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time.
When we do, or notify users via email.
You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications. Your Acceptance of These Terms By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and https://digichama.co.ke/terms-and-conditions.
If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site.
Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes. Contacting Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Razor Informatics +254772 508503 or info@razorinformatics.co.ke
 Developed by Razor Informatics © 2021



Help


Facebook


Twitter


Instagram


Razor Informatics
 Scroll to top
      