

Multimedia
Mobile
Download Center






How-tos


Support
 Featured Multimedia Software WinX DVD Ripper Platinum Fast rip DVD to MP4 (H.264/HEVC).
Backup DVD in 5 mins. Learn More WinX HD Video Converter Deluxe GPU accelerated 4K video converter, resizer &amp.
downloader. Learn More Check our holiday sales, save up to 75% >> WinX MediaTrans Manage, backup &amp.
transfer videos, music, photos between iPhone iPad and computer in an easier way.
Free up space and fast two-way sync.


Backup Photos
Manage Music
Transfer Videos
 Learn More Check our holiday sales, save up to 75% >> Support Center Sales FAQ Find the answers to purchase benefits, license code, refund, etc. Tech FAQ Get help yourself if you have any questions with Digiarty Software.
 User Guide Tutorials and step-by-step guides to learn how to use our products. About Us We've been focused on multimedia software solutions, since 2006.

Contact Support TeamHave any questions on purchase or need technical support, please contact us >>
 Howto Center DVD Center Get effective solutions to fix DVD backup, rip &amp.
playing troubles.
 Video Resource Find the answers to convert, resize, edit, and play your 4K/HD videos.
 Transfer Data Take full control of your data, transfer between iDevices and PC.
 Tips and Glossary Go and get the hottest topics and a boatload of home entertainment tips.

More Guides and SolutionsFull tutorials and guides to copy DVD and burn disc easily and quickly >>


WinX DVD Ripper Platinum
WinX HD Video Converter Deluxe
WinX MediaTrans
Download Center
Support
How-tos

Home &gt.
Privacy Policy Digiarty (WinXDVD) Privacy Policy Last Updated: Nov.
26, 2019 WinXDVD knows that you care how your information is processed and used, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly.
WinXDVD offers multimedia products, including DVD backup software used to turn your physical DVD discs into digital files, video toolkit to convert and process your various video files, as well as iOS management tool to transfer, organize and edit your iPhone/iPad/iPod media content.
Please take a moment to read the product-specific details in this privacy statement, including what type of information is gathered, how the information is used and for what purposes, to whom we disclose the information, and how we safeguard your personal information. The Personal Information We Collect and How We Use It 1.
The Personal Information You Give to Our Authorized Payment Processor or Reseller.
We've been using 2Checkout as our payment processor since 2009.
As a trusted e-commerce platform, 2Checkout has the US headquarters in Atlanta and the European headquarters in Amsterdam, The Netherlands.
The "Personal Information" hereby may include, but is not limited to.


Your name, country and email address


The billing/physical address you submit


The payment method you use


The currency you choose

 Your credit card number is not visible to us! All the billing information is collected, encrypted and stored by 2Checkout.
As a vendor, WinXDVD receives order notifications and has access to the data because we need it to


Generate sales report internally, by day, by country, etc


Provide after-sale customer service based on order ID, etc


Answer technical inquiries of the product(s) you purchased


We also send important software news, update notification or holiday deals via the email address you used to place the order.
Please rest assured that you can opt-out at any time.
 2.
The Personal Information You Give to Our Tech Support We may collect or ask you to provide necessary information when you reach us by requesting technical support.
The information may include, without limitation, your order ID, your licensed email address, what features you use in our software, how you use our software, your computer or device information, and sometimes the media files you want to process with our software.

In general, we collect no more information than is required to help us solve the technology problems you are experiencing.
By sending the related information to us, you agree to share them with WinXDVD.
If you do not want to share the information with WinXDVD, please don't included in the email.
The media files you give to us will never be disclosed outside WinXDVD.
We may retain the media files anonymously and confidentially for internal R&D to improve the product performance. 3.
The Email Address You Input to Enter Our Contest/Giveaway WinXDVD holds software free giveaways/gift contests on our site irregularly.
We may ask you to provide your email address in order to send you the software registration info or keep the file to draw the winner of a contest.

You'll be also asked to input the email address together with the license code you obtain to activate the giveaway version.
The purpose is to authorize and identify the activation of WinX software via our secure license server.

By entering the email address, you agree to share it with WinXDVD.
We'll be able to see it on our license server.
However, we only see the email address without any possibility to identify you nor access your private data.


We may subsequently send software guides, update notification or related deals via the email address you submitted.
We use trusted third-party email services to send such kind of messages or newsletters.
You can change your subscription preference or opt-out at any time.

 Processing of the Data Related to Your Visit to Our Website 1.
Google Analytics Most web browsers and commercial sites use Cookies.

But WinXDVD doesn't directly use Cookies to track your behaviors on winxdvd.com.
Instead, we use Google Analytics for website data analysis.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.
("Google").
It is designed to help the website analyze how users use the site.
The information about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
From Google Analytics, we can see the geographic location of your visit (based your IP address), the basic information about the computer, tablet, or mobile phone, browser that you use to visit us, referring/exit pages, clickstream data of our websites, etc.
 2.
Embedded URLs WinXDVD may use a tracking technique that employs embedded URLs to allow use of the electronic Channels without cookies.
Embedded URLs allow limited information to follow you as you navigate the electronic Channels, but are not associated with Personal Identifying Information and are not used beyond the session. 3.
Shopping Cart Based on Your Geo When you click a buy button on winxdvd.com, you'll leave the site and be directed to the shopping cart secured and processed by 2Checkout.
It uses technology to identify your geo in order to deliver shopping cart in the correct language and local currency in the event of a purchase. Processing of the Data Related to Your Use of Our Software WinXDVD has no way to collect or track any information of your private data such as the DVD/video/music files you back up, convert or edit, the online content you download, nor the files you transfer and password you use to encrypt data with our mobile phone management tool.

But you are recommended to copy the Log File of the WinX software you are using and send it to us if you meet any problems during use.
Where to find the Log File?
Take WinX DVD Ripper Platinum for example:

Click the "Envelope" icon on the upper right of the program -&gt.
click "View Log File" -&gt.
The information displays.If you enter unexpected quit, the "Log File" window will pop up automatically when you launch it again.
The File records your previous operation.

Log File lists the video audio parameters of your source file including:


Audio Channel, Codec, Quality, Sample Rate


Video Aspect, Codec, Frame Rate, Resolution, Quality


And so on


The Log File doesn't contain any Personal Identifying Information.

Only when you copy the Log File from your program and send it to us can we view it.

By sending the Log File to us, you agree to share it with WinXDVD.
We will use such information to investigate the issue you encounter in order to provide individual assistance.
We promise that we will never publish or share any of your Log File outside WinXDVD. How We Share Your Information WinXDVD keeps your personal information confidential.
We will not sell, rent or lease your personal information to others.
Unless we have your permission, we will not use or share your personal information in ways unrelated to the ones described at the time you provide the data.
Only with one exception as below:

Government and Law Enforcement We may access and/or disclose your personal information if we believe such action is necessary to: (a) comply with the law or legal process served on WinXDVD.
(b) protect and defend the rights or property of WinXDVD (including the enforcement of our agreements).
or (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of WinXDVD or members of the public. How to Change or Delete Your Information If you want us to correct, amend, or delete your personal information, e.g.
your email address associated with the license code, or your newsletter subscriptions, please contact us with your request.
We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
However, some information may remain in archived/backup copies to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
For the information processed by the third-party partners, you have the right to access your personal information.
If you want to access, correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data on our third-party partner's platform, you should contact them directly as they are the data controllers and WinXDVD has no control of those information. Revisions of This Privacy Policy All updates to this policy will be posted here.
We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our services and customer feedback.
We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to be informed of how WinXDVD is protecting your information. Contact Information WinXDVD regularly reviews its compliance with this Policy.
Please feel free to direct any questions or concerns regarding this Policy or WinXDVD's treatment of personal information by contacting us through this website.
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or believe that WinXDVD has not adhered to this Privacy Policy, please contact us and we will make efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.

Digiarty Software is a leading multimedia software provider, delivering easy-to-use and innovative multimedia solutions to users all over the world. Company 
About Us
Business Partner
Find out our News
Contact Us
 Product 
DVD Ripping Software
Video Converter
DVD Copy Software
iPhone Data Transfer
 Support 
Sales FAQ Center
Tech FAQ Center
User Guides
 How-tos
 Newsletter Stay up-to-date with our news, updates, guides. Follow us: Home | About | Site Map | Privacy Policy | License Agreement | News | Contact Us | How-tos

Copyright © 2021 Digiarty Software, Inc.
All rights reserved
 Any third party product names and trademarks used in this website are property of their respective owners.
All the related logos and images, including but not limited to Apple's iPhone®, iPod®, iPad®, iTunes® and Mac® are registered trademarks of their own.
Digiarty Software, Inc.
is not owned by or affiliated with Apple Inc.
and any of those companies.

      