
         Privacy policy 
1.
General The following gives a simple overview of what happens to your personal information when you visit our website.
Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified.
Detailed information on the subject of data protection can be found in our privacy policy below. 1.1 Data collection on our website The data collected on this website is processed by the website operator.
The operator's contact details can be found in the website's required legal notice.
In the area of data protection, the unified standards of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) have been applicable throughout Europe since 25 May 2018.
In the following data protection information, we will inform you about the processing of personal data by ”us” and/or “we,” and/or the “Controller”) in accordance with the GDPR and the Bundesdatenschutzgesetz (the Federal Data Protection Act (“BDSG 2018”).
Please read through our data protection information carefully.
Should you have any questions or comments concerning our data protection information, please contact us at mail@globalshoppingcollective.com

We do not capture or store any personal data about you.
You can use our website without disclosing any personal information.

We may however capture anonymised data about the computer or mobile device you used to access our website.
This will be used for analytics purposes in order to improve the services we offer.
This can include IP address, geographical location, information about the browser and operating system of your device, mobile device ID, date and time you accessed our website, the website you arrived from and the retailer link you’ve clicked on as well as cookies and pixels (please see below for more information).
 2.
Contact data of the data protection officer 
Global Shopping Collective GmbH
Marktplatz 7/8
15806 Zossen
Germany


+49 3377 / 996906-0
mail@globalshoppingcollective.com
 3.
Purposes of the data processing, legal bases, and legitimate interests that are pursued by the Controller or by a third party, as well as categories of recipients 3.1.
Retrieval of our websites/applications 3.1.1.
Log Files Each time access is made to websites/applications, information is sent by the respective internet browser on your respective end device to the server of our website/application, and temporarily stored in log data files, the so-called log files.
The data sets stored in this way contain the following data which are stored up until automatic erasure: date and time of the retrieval, name of the site retrieved, IP address of the inquiring device, referral URL (source URL, from which you arrived at our websites), the data quantity transferred, loading time, and the product and version information of each browser used as well as the name of your access provider.
The legal basis for the processing of the IP address is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
We have a legitimate interest in:

guaranteeing that connections are established smoothly,
guaranteeing convenient use of our website/application, and
evaluating system security and stability, and
fraud prevention.

No immediate inference as to your identity is possible by means of the information.
nor do we draw any such inference.
The data is stored and automatically erased after the aforementioned purposes have been achieved.
The periods established by the regulation for erasure are determined by the criterion of necessity. 3.1.2.
Cookies, tracking For our website/application, we use so-called cookies, tracking tools, and targeting procedures.
The following will explain in detail precisely which procedures are involved and how your data are used for them. 3.2.
Cookies – general information On various sites, we use cookies in order to make the visit to our website attractive and to enable the use of certain functions, as well as to record statistics about the use of our website.
Cookies are small text data files which your browser automatically creates and which are saved on your end device (laptop, tablet, smartphone, and the like) whenever you visit our site.
Cookies do not damage your end device.
nor do they contain any viruses, Trojan horses, or any other malware.
The cookie stores information that follows in each instance in connection with the end device specifically used.
However, this does not mean that we thereby receive any direct knowledge of your identity.
Most of the cookies used by us are erased again after the end of the browser session (so-called session cookies).
Using these, we can offer you, for example, the cross-website shopping basket display, from which you can see how many articles are already in your shopping basket and the current amount of your purchases.
Other cookies remain on your computer and enable us to recognize your computer again during the next visit (so-called permanent or cross-session cookies).
These cookies, in particular, serve to make our offer user-friendly, more effective, and more secure.
Thanks to these data files, it is possible, for instance, for you to receive on the site displays of information that are customized to your interests.
Of course, you can set up your browser in such a manner that it does not store our cookies in your end device.
The help function in the menu bar of most web browsers explains how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, provided that you set up your browser to notify you whenever you receive a new cookie, or how you can erase all of the cookies already received and block any additional ones.
Please take the following steps:
In Internet Explorer:

Select the “Tools” button in the menu, then select “Internet Options”.
Select the “Privacy” tab.
Now you can perform the security settings for the internet.
Here, you can adjust whether and which cookies are supposed to be accepted or blocked.

Confirm your setting with “OK.”

In Firefox:

Click the menu button and choose “Options.”
Select the Privacy &amp.
Security panel.
In the drop-down menu, choose Use custom settings for history.
Now you can set whether cookies ought to be accepted, how long you wish to keep these cookies and add exceptions, and which websites you always or never wish to allow to use cookies.

Confirm your setting by clicking on “OK.”

In Google Chrome:

Click on the Chrome menu on the browser symbol bar.
Select “Settings”.
Click “Advanced.”
Under “Privacy &amp.
Security,” click “Content Settings”.
Click “Cookies”.
From here, you can make the following adjustments for cookies:

erase cookies;
block cookies by default;
erase cookies and site data automatically after closing the browser
allow exceptions for cookies from specific sites or domains


However, we would like to point out that in this event, it is possible that you will not be able to use all of the features of this website in their fullest scope.
Insofar as personal data are involved with these cookies and/or the information contained therein, the legal basis of the data processing is article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
Our interest in optimizing our website is in the course of such to be regarded as legitimate within the meaning of the aforementioned regulatory provision. 3.3 Google Analytics For the purpose of the needs-based configuration and ongoing optimization of our websites, we use – upon the basis of article 6(1)(f) GDPR – Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google, Inc.
(“Google”).
Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies,” text files that are stored on your computer and facilitate an analysis of your use of the website.
In this connection, pseudonymized use profiles are created and cookies are used.
The information generated by the cookie use of this website includes:

browser type/version,
operating system used,
referral URL (the previously visited site),
host name of the accessing computer (IP address),
time of the server inquiry

On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports about website activities, and to render additional services affiliated with the website use and the internet use vis-à-vis the website operator.
The IP address transferred by your browser within the framework of Google Analytics is not merged with other data from Google.
Using a corresponding setting on your browser software, you can prevent cookies from being stored.
however, we would like to point out that in this event, it is possible that you will not be able to use all of the features of this website in their fullest scope.
Moreover, you can prevent Google from recording the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
As an alternative to the browser add-on, particularly with browsers on mobile end devices, you can also prevent the recording by Google Analytics by clicking on this link: Link
An opt-out cookie will be engaged that prevents any future recording of your data during visits to this website.
The opt-out cookie is valid only in this browser and only for our website, and is stored on your device.
If you delete the cookies in this browser, then you will have to engage the opt-out cookie again.
You can find additional information about data protection in connection with Google Analytics on the Google Analytics website. 3.4 Onsite-Targeting On our website, cookies are used to collect and evaluate information for the optimization of advertising.
This information includes e.g.
Information about which products you have viewed on our websites / applications.
The collection and evaluation is done exclusively pseudonym and does not allow us to identify you.
In particular, the information will not be matched with personally identifiable information about you.
On the basis of the information, we can show you on our site offers that are specifically geared to your interests, as they result from your previous user behavior. 4.
Google Adsense We use Google AdSense on our website.
Google AdSense is a service of Google Ireland Limited, 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, for the inclusion of advertisements.
Google AdSense uses so-called "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer and allow an analysis of the use of our website.
Google AdSense also uses so-called web beacons.
Through these web beacons Google is able to evaluate information, such as the flow of traffic on our site.
This information will be transmitted to and stored in Google in the United States in addition to your IP address and tracking of advertising formats displayed, and may be shared with other parties by Google.
However, Google will not match your IP address with other data you have stored.
You can prevent the installation of cookies by setting your browser accordingly.
however, we point out that in this case you may not be able to fully use all functions of our website.
For more information, please visit: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en You can object to the use of their information at any time here : Link

5.
System1 Textads by System1 is a service run by System1 LLC, 1501 Main St.
Suite 101, Venice, CA 90291 USA.
Textads by System1 uses cookies to show you advertisements that are relevant to you.
Your browser will be assigned a pseudonymous identification number (ID) to check which ads have appeared in your browser and which ads have been viewed.
The cookies do not contain any personal information.
Using the System1 cookie allows System1 and its affiliate websites to serve ads based on previous visits to our or other websites on the Internet.
The information generated by the cookies is transmitted by System1 for evaluation to a server in the USA and stored there.
A transfer of the data by System1 to third parties takes place only due to legal regulations or in the context of order data processing.
In no case will System1 match its data with other data collected by System1.
You can also prevent the interest-based advertising of our advertising partners by a corresponding cookie setting in your browser or use the link below.
The legal basis for data processing is Art.
6 (1) lit.
a) DS-GVO and lit.
f) GDPR.
Link.
 6.
Google Adwords Our website uses the service Google Adwords.
Google AdWords is an online advertising program of Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland (“Google”).
You can deactivate Google’s use of cookies by following the link below and downloading and installing the plug-in provided there: www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin.
You can find more specific information in the Google data protection declaration at: www.google.com/privacy/ads/.
 7.
Partnerprogramms Our websites are taking part on partnerprogramms from eBay, Amazon, Kelkoo Connexity, Solute and Shopping24.
On our websites we are using productads and links to redirect user to those partnersites which pays us a commission.
Those partnerprogramms are using cookies to identify where the user was coming from and to ensure a proper tracking of affiliate commissions.
The storage of that cookie data by our partners is based on Art.
6 lit.
f DSGVO More information about data usage by our partners can be found on their privacy pages.

eBay: https://www.ebayinc.com/company/privacy-center/de/privacy-notice/ 
Amazon: https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?ie=UTF8&nodeId=201909010&ref_=footer_privacy 
Kelkoo: https://www.kelkoo.co.uk/company-pages/privacy-policy/ 
Connexity: https://connexity.com/privacy-policy/
Solute: https://www.solute.de/eng/privacy_policy/
Shopping24: https://www.s24.com/en/privacy-policy/
 8.
Contact You have the opportunity to contact us in several ways: via email, telephone, or surface mail.
If you contact us, then we will use the personal data that you provide us voluntarily, exclusively for the purposes of getting in touch with you and being able to address your inquiry.
Article 6(1)(a), Article 6(1)(b), Article 6(1)(c), and Article 6(1)(f) GDPR establish the legal basis for this data processing. 9.
Recipients outside the EU With the exception of the processing shown here, we do not share your data with recipients having their seat outside the European Union or the European Economic Area.
The processing set forth includes a data transfer to the servers of the tracking technology providers retained by us.
These servers are located in the United States of America.
The data transfer is effected upon the basis of so-called standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission and in accordance with the principles of the so-called Privacy Shield.
 10.
Your rights 10.1.
Overview Alongside the right to withdrawal of the consents you have given to us, if the respective statutory prerequisites are present, then you are entitled to the following additional rights:

the right of access to your personal data stored by us (Article 15 GDPR), in particular, you can obtain access to purposes of the processing, the category of the personal data, the categories of recipients to whom your datajust were or are being disclosed, the envisaged period of storage, and the source of your data, insofar as these were not collected directly from you.

the right to rectification of inaccurate data or to completion of incomplete data (Article 16 GDPR),
the right to erasure of your data stored with us (Article 17 GDPR), to the extent that we do not have to comply with any statutory or contractual retention periods or other duties or rights by operation of law concerning further storage by us, 
the right to the restriction of processing of your data (Article 18 GDPR), to the extent that the accuracy of the data is contested by you, that the processing is unlawful, but you oppose its erasure.
the Controller no longer needs the data, but that you, however, require the data for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims, or have filed an objection to the processing as contemplated under article 21 GDPR, 
the right to data portability in accordance with article 20 GDPR, i.e., the right to obtain in a commonly used, machine-readable format selected data and stored with us, or to demand the transfer of such to another controller, 
the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
As a rule, you for this purpose you can turn to the supervisory authority at your habitual residence or place of work, or where our company seat is located.


You can avail yourself of the above rights to which you are entitled with regard to us at mail@globalshoppingcollective.com . 11.
Right to object It is possible under the prerequisites of Article 21(1) GDPR to object to the data processing on grounds relating to the particular situation of the data subject.
The general right to objection above applies to all processing purposes described in this data protection information, which purposes are processed on the basis of article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
In contrast to the special right of objection oriented to data processing for promotional purposes, we are obligated under the GDPR to implement such a general right of objection only if you set forth reasons of overarching significance (e.g., a potential risk to life or health).
 12.
Right to withdrawal Insofar as we process data upon the basis of a consent that you have issued, you have the right to withdraw the consent issued at any time.
The withdrawal of the consent does not result in the data processing becoming ineffective which has taken place upon the basis of the consent up to the date of the withdrawal.



