
         LegalCookies PolicyPrivacy PolicyCookies PolicyUK &amp.
EU Privacy RightsImpressumSubscriber AgreementCOOKIES POLICY
What are cookies?
BROWSER COOKIES:
Cookies are pieces of information that a website places on your device when you visit a website.
Cookies may involve the transmission of information from us to you and from you directly to us, to another party on our behalf, or to another party in accordance with its privacy policy.
We may use cookies to bring together information we collect about you.
You can choose to have your device warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies.
You do this through your browser settings.
If you turn cookies off, you won’t have access to many features that make your guest experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
Please see the last section of this Cookies Policy for more information about how to manage or disable browser cookies.
We use several categories of cookies and each performs different functions.
You can learn more about cookies and their functions generally by visiting an information website like allaboutcookies.org.
FLASH COOKIES:
We may use local shared objects, sometimes known as Flash cookies, to store your preferences or display content based upon what you view on our site to personalize your visit.
Our advertisers and third-party service providers also may use Flash cookies to collect and store information.
Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored.
Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies.
Please see the last section of this Cookies Policy for information on how to disable Flash cookies.
If you disable Flash cookies, you won’t have access to many features that make your guest experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
WHAT CATEGORIES OF COOKIES MAY BE USED?
The cookies that may be used on this website fall into the four categories described below.
These descriptions can help you determine if and how you would like to interact with our websites and other online services.
STRICTLY NECESSARY COOKIES
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to navigate this website and use certain features.
Without these strictly necessary cookies, the online services you have asked for, like shopping baskets or producing your bill at checkout, cannot be provided.
PERFORMANCE COOKIES
We (or service providers operating on our behalf) may place our performance cookies on your device.
The information collected using our performance cookies is used by us or for our benefit, to improve our website experience or for other statistics gathering purposes.
Our performance cookies are used to generate aggregated, anonymous information about how you and other users use this website and its features.
For instance, our performance cookies collect information about which pages on this website you visit most often, if you open or read the communications we send, which advertisements you view or interact with on this website or other websites on which our advertisements appear, and if you receive any error messages.
The information collected may be used to improve users’ online experience generally, to collate statistics, or customise your online experience by showing you content we think you will like.
Our performance cookies don’t collect information that identifies you personally.
however, if you have a registration account with us, the information collected by us using our performance cookies may be associated with your registration account.
We also may allow third-party advertisers to place their performance cookies on your device through their advertisements on this website.
The information these third-party performance cookies collect is used to determine which third-party advertisements to display on this website, how often to display them, and in which locations of this websites the third-party advertisements perform best.
These third-party performance cookies do not collect information that identifies you personally.
You can delete or manage performance cookies as instructed in the last section of this Cookies Policy.
FUNCTIONALITY COOKIES
We (or service providers operating on our behalf) may place our functionality cookies on your device.
We do not share information collected using our functionality cookies with our advertisers or other third parties.
Our functionality cookies are used to remember choices you make (such as language preference, country location, or other online settings) and provide the personalised or enhanced features that you select.
Our functionality cookies can be used to provide online services to you, or to prevent online services from being offered to you if you previously indicated you did not want to receive such services.
Our functionality cookies collect anonymous information.
however, if you have a registration account with us, the information collected by us using our functionality cookies may be associated with your registration account, for example, if you are a registered user, our functionality cookies may allow us to track your browsing across different websites operated by the Walt Disney Family of Companies or to detect your experiences when accessing our websites from different devices.
We do not collect information on your browsing behaviour on websites which we do not operate.
In some cases, we may allow an advertiser or other third party to provide you with content and other online experiences on this website or online service.
In these cases, the third-party may place their functionality cookies on your device and use their functionality cookies in the same way we use our functionality cookies, to provide you personalised or enhanced features in connection with the third-party content or experience.
If you delete these functionality cookies, any preferences or settings you selected will not be retained for later visits.
TARGETING OR ADVERTISING COOKIES
Where you see this icon on third-party advertising or our advertising, you can click through to learn more about behaviourally targeted advertising, including how to exercise your control options through your browser settings.
More information can be found at www.youronlinechoices.eu.
THIRD-PARTY TARGETED ADVERTISING
Third-party targeted advertising cookies may be placed on your device by third-party advertisers, ad networks, data exchanges, marketing analytics and other service providers.
Third-party targeted advertising cookies collect information about your browsing activity across multiple websites and online services in order to provide you with relevant advertisements on our websites and online services and the websites and online services of third parties.
Ad networks may share this information with the advertisers using their network.
These cookies may also be used to measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns, for example by collecting data on how many people click on a particular advert.
The information collected using these third-party advertising cookies does not identify you personally.
Third-party targeted advertising cookies are often linked to site functionality provided by the third-party which may mean that clicking on the advertisement redirects you to that third-party’s website.
Whilst we cannot always know what third-party advertising cookies are being dropped before they appear on our website, we maintain processes to monitor cookies placed on our websites by external service providers and to control the way in which data is collected via our websites.
We can also request that certain third-party advertising cookies are turned off by the third-party provider.
OUR TARGETED ADVERTISING
Our targeted advertising cookies are placed on your device by us (or service providers operating on our behalf).
We may use these cookies on our websites and in connection with our content and advertisements that appear on third-party websites and online services to recognise that you’ve viewed or interacted with our content or advertisements and so we can show you advertisements for products that we believe will be of interest to you.
We may also use these cookies to limit the number of times you see the same advertisement.
Our targeted advertising cookies collect anonymous information.
however, if you have a registration account with us, the information collected by us using our targeted advertising cookies may be associated with your registration account, for example, we may seek to show more closely targeted adverts to you based on your browsing behaviour.
The organisation setting the cookie (either the third party or us) is responsible for obtaining consent.
REGISTERED GUESTS
We may analyse online activities of registered guests across our websites and online services by use of cookies and other tracking technologies.
Where you have opted in to receive communications from us, we may use cookies and other tracking technologies to tailor future communications to reflect your interests.
We may also use cookies or other tracking technologies within our communications to you (for example to see if they have been read or opened or to see what content you interact with and what links you follow) so that we can better match future communications to your interests.
You may opt out at any time from receiving targeted communications from us by logging into your registration account and selecting not to receive marketing communications.
To opt out of targeted advertising based on your online behaviour across this and other websites please follow the instructions provided above (for targeted advertising).
We will not share your contact information with our third-party advertisers unless you give us permission.
DISABLING/ENABLING COOKIES VIA YOUR BROWSER
There are a number of ways for you to manage cookies and other tracking technologies.
Through your browser settings, you can accept or decline cookies or set your browser to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit.
You should be aware that you may not be able to use all our interactive features if you set your browser to disable cookies entirely.
If you use different computers in different locations you will need to ensure that each browser is adjusted to suit your preferences.
You can delete any cookies that have been installed in the cookie folder of your browser.
The various browsers provide different procedures to manage your settings.
Click on any of the browser links below for instructions. - Microsoft Windows Explorer - Google Chrome - Mozilla Firefox - Apple Safari
If you are not using any of the above-listed browsers, then you should select “cookies” in the “Help” function for information on where to find your cookie folder.
It may not be possible for you to selectively opt out of all third-party advertising cookies placed on our website, though you can opt out of receiving cookies from us by clicking this icon .
You should also be aware that disabling cookies does not disable other types of analytics products which we may use to collect generic information about how you and other visitors use our website.
DELETING FLASH COOKIES
Follow the link below to change your settings in relation to Flash Cookies.
Disable Flash CookiesGET DISNEY+Privacy PolicyCookies PolicyUK &amp.
EU Privacy RightsImpressumSubscriber AgreementHelpSupported DevicesInterest-based AdsManage Preferences© Disney.
All rights reserved.
Cookie Preference Centre
Your Privacy
Essential Cookies
Performance Cookies
Targeting &amp.
Advertising Cookies
Your PrivacyBecause we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies.
Click on the different category headings to find out more and to change your default settings.
Please be aware that blocking some types of cookies may adversely impact your experience of our site and the services we are able to offer.
Using this tool will set a cookie on your device to remember your preferences, which you can change at any time.
To find out more, please read our cookie policyEssential CookiesAlways ActiveThese cookies are necessary for our services to function and cannot be switched off in our systems.
They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in, accessing, searching, or discovering content, or filling in forms.
You can set your browser to block, or alert you about, these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.Cookies Details‎Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site.
They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
Please note that even if this category is set as inactive, we may continue to collect and use data through these cookies solely to assist us in performing the service.Cookies Details‎Targeting &amp.
Advertising Cookies Targeting &amp.
Advertising Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by us and/or by our advertising partners.
They may be used to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertising on this and on other sites.
They may not store directly personal information, but instead may be based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device.
You can choose to allow these cookies or to opt out at any time.Cookies Details‎Back Button BackVendor Search Filter ButtonConsent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label
33Across33AcrossView Third Party Cookies
Namecookie name


Clear checkbox label labelApply CancelSAVE SETTINGSREJECT ALL ACCEPT ALLWe use cookies to analyse your online behaviour so that we can operate and improve our services.
to communicate with you.
to personalise content or advertising on this or other platforms.
and provide social media features for you.
For more information, gohereMANAGE PREFERENCES REJECT ALL ACCEPT ALL
      