
         Basic Rules for Disqus-powered Sites Written by Disqus  Updated over a week ago Disqus enables online discussion communities, and in doing so, freedom of expression and identity are core values of the Service.
There are a number of categories of content and behavior, however, that jeopardize Disqus by posing risk to commenters, publishers, and/or third party services utilizing the Disqus platform.
Websites or website representatives, including site moderators, publishing inappropriate content or exhibiting inappropriate behaviors in connection with their use of the Service may have their Disqus account and/or Disqus forum suspended or terminated.
The following are not allowed on sites that use Disqus:


Copyright or trademark Infringement
If we receive a valid DMCA claim against your site, your forum may be suspended until the claim is resolved.

Deceitful data collection or distribution
User information is for moderation purposes only and collecting any information in a misleading way is prohibited.
Distribution of personal identifiable information is prohibited.

Intimidation of users of the Disqus Service
Blackmail, extortion, extreme discrimination, and other forms of threatening behavior are prohibited.

Malware
If a site is found to be distributing malware, Disqus will be removed from that site.

Unlawful activities
Disqus is controlled and operated from its facilities in the United States.
Disqus makes no representations that it is appropriate or available for use in other locations.
Those who access or use Disqus from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are entirely responsible for compliance with all applicable United States and local laws and regulations.

Misuse of the Disqus Service
Sites that take any action that imposes, or may impose (at our sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure.
This includes, but is not limited to: excessive creation of threads/forums/posts, misuse of the API, or a lack of moderation activity resulting in large volumes spam comments.

Multiple violations of the Disqus Basic Rules
The Disqus Basic Rules apply to all Disqus accounts and violating them as a publisher or moderator may carry additional consequences for your forum(s).

The above list may be modified or expanded at any time and individual account/forum deactivation decisions remain at the sole discretion of Disqus.
For complete details, please visit our Terms of Service.
Click here to report a violation of the Basic Rules for Disqus-powered sites.
