
Last Updated October 2019
This cookie policy (“Cookie Policy”) describes the cookies that Kid Distro Holdings, LLC (dba DistroKid) (“DistroKid,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) uses on our website https://distrokid.com (“Site”) and the choices that you have.
This Cookie Policy forms part of our Privacy Policy.
Please refer to our Privacy Policy for information about how we use your personal data.
By choosing to use the Site after having been notified of our use of cookies in the ways described in this Cookie Policy, and, in applicable jurisdictions, through notice and unambiguous acknowledgement of your consent, you agree to such use.
COOKIES
A “cookie” is a piece of information sent to your browser by a website you visit.

Cookies can be stored on your computer for different periods of time.
Some cookies expire after a certain amount of time, or upon logging out (session cookies), others survive after your browser is closed until a defined expiration date set in the cookie (as determined by the third party placing it), and help recognize your computer when you open your browser and browse the Internet again (persistent cookies).
Our Site uses first party cookies (cookies set directly by DistroKid) as well as third party cookies, as described below.
For more details on cookies please visit All About Cookies.
We also use pixel tags (usually in combination with cookies), from the third parties and for the purposes described below.
Pixel tags are a technology similar to cookies that can be embedded in online content or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking activity on websites (for example, to know when content has been shown to you), or to know when you have viewed particular content or a particular email message.
Type of Cookies Used
The following chart sets out how we use different categories of cookies, as well as information on your options for managing the settings for the data collection by these technologies:
&nbsp.
CATEGORY
WHO SERVES THE COOKIE/ TECHNOLOGY
OPT OUT

Strictly necessary:

We use cookies that are strictly necessary to provide users with services available through our Site.
These cookies are necessary for users to access our features, log-in to secure areas, and navigate the Site.
Without these cookies, basic functions of our Site would not work.


DistroKid, Inc. These cookies expire on the first of March, 2049.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the Site and our services, you cannot refuse them. &nbsp.

Analytics/Performance:

We use analytics cookies that allow us to recognize and count the number of Site visitors and receive aggregate traffic statistics on how visitors move around the Site (like number of page views, number of visitors, and time spent on each page).
This helps us to improve the way our Site works, for example by making sure users are finding what they need easily.


We also use cookies to assess aggregate characteristics of our customers to help find new customers.


Google Analytics (provided by Google, Inc.).
The information generated by Google Analytics about your use of the Site (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google, Inc.
in the United States (pursuant to Google’s Privacy Shield certification).
For more information on Google Analytics privacy practices, read here.
For information on Google Analytics cookies expiration, read here.


Mixpanel, Inc.
For more information, visit https://mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy/.


AdHawk.
https://tryadhawk.com/terms/


Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en


You can also block or delete these cookies by changing the browser settings as explained in the “Your Options” section below.
 &nbsp.

Advertising/ Targeting
We use cookies and pixels from third parties that enable such parties to serve ads to you based on your visit to our Site and also allow us to analyze the performance of our ads.


Facebook, Inc.
For more information, visit https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation.


DoubleClick (provided by Google, Inc.).
The information generated by DoubleClick about your use of the Site (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google, Inc.
in the United States (pursuant to Google’s Privacy Shield certification).
DoubleClick cookies expire from 2 months to 2 years after they are set.
Learn more about Google’s privacy practices here.


Facebook Opt Out: https://www.facebook.com/help/769828729705201?ref=cookies.


DoubleClick: You may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Google’s Ads Settings here.
You can also prevent your data from being collected by DoubleClick on our Site by downloading and installing the DoubleClick Opt-out Browser Add-on for your current web browser.

You can also block or delete cookies by changing the browser settings as explained in the “Your Options” section below. &nbsp.
YOUR OPTIONS

On most web browsers, you will find a “help” section on the toolbar.
Please refer to this section for information on how to receive a notification when you are receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off.
Please see the links below for guidance on how to modify your web browser’s settings on the most popular browsers:


Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Google Chrome
Apple Safari

Please note that if you limit the ability of websites to set cookies, you may be unable to access certain parts of the Site and you may not be able to benefit from the full functionality of the Site.
CHANGES
We may change the type of third party service providers that place cookies on the Site and amend this Cookie Policy at any time by posting the amended version on the Site.
Unless additional notice or consent is required by applicable laws, such posting will serve as your notification of these changes.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us at support@distrokid.com.
