

 DNA Painter 


 Tools 
 Help 
Subscribe


Blog


 Sign in 
 Register 

Our privacy policy outlines what kind of information we collect from you and how we will use it.



 DNA Painter
Privacy Policy
 Privacy Policy  Your privacy is very important to us.
Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information.
The following outlines our privacy policy.


 We ask for your name when you register an account but if you would rather not use your real name, that's fine.

 You will need to use a genuine email address in order to verify your account.
This is a security measure to prevent spam signups.

 Your profiles cannot be viewed by any other user unless you explicitly share them by going into each profile, clicking the 'Share' icon and clicking the switch to mark the profile as shared.
If you do this, your profile will be visible to (but not editable by) anyone with whom you share the profile URL.
By default, profiles are private and are only visible to you when you log into the site.
DNA Painter does not store your raw DNA data itself - just the match segments that you choose to enter yourself.

Other than the data you personally elect to enter yourself, the following data is collected: 
Your IP address is stored with a timestamp whenever you log in and log out, and whenever you create or delete a DNA Profile.
This helps identify the typical level of activities, which in turns helps to figure out which features are more popular.
The IP address is stored to help safeguard your account.


 Our aim is to provide a service that's useful to the genetic genealogy community and we will never make any other use of your data or sell your information to any third party.

 We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of this service.
If you wish to delete the information you've entered, you can do this yourself via the Profiles page.
If you'd like to delete your account completely, please email info@dnapainter.com 
 We will protect your information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
All communication with the server is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) aka HTTPS.

 Any updates to our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information will appear on this page.


 We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
 Cookies
This site uses the following cookies.
Your use of this site indicates your consent for us to place these cookies on your computer.
If you do not consent to receive these cookies, please disable cookies in your browser for this site.


__cfduid (1 year) - This is a cookie set by Cloudflare, who host the JavaScript library we use on the site
_ga (2 years) - This is a cookie set by Google Analytics, a service we use to track visitor numbers and activity, to distinguish users
_gat (1 minute) - This is a cookie set by Google Analytics to limit requests to their service	
_gid (24 hours) - This is a cookie set by Google Analytics to distinguish users
uf4 (the duration of your visit) - This is a cookie used by our application to help us serve the correct content
 Terms and Conditions · Privacy Policy © DNA Painter, 2021.
Please email feedback to info@dnapainter.com.
Please do not email your raw DNA! 



