
        Cookie PolicyUse of Cookies by DOGO Media DOGO Media uses cookies to keep our websites reliable, secure and personalized.
When you accept cookies, this helps make the websites better by remembering your preferences and enhancing your experience.
This guide is designed to explain what cookies are.
the purpose of those used on DOGO Media’s websites.
and what options you have to control or delete them — if you decide you want to.
This Cookie Policy applies to all DOGO Media websites which link to this policy and should be read alongside our Privacy Policy, which explains how we use personal information. What are cookies? Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit.
They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
You can find more information about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org, www.youronlinechoices.eu and www.google.co.uk/policies/technologies/cookies
Cookies on our websites are either set by us or by our third party partners and fall into the following categories as described in the ICC UK cookie guide Category 1: Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are essential in letting you move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website.
Without these cookies, you will not be able to do things like log into your account and purchase subscriptions. Cookie Origin Cookie Name(s) Description dogonews.com dogobooks.com dogomovies.com
_idogo32_session
Keeps information about your browsing activities for the duration of the session.
dogonews.com dogobooks.com dogomovies.com
XSRF-TOKEN
Security token to prevent Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF), an attack that allows a malicious user to spoof legitimate requests to our servers.
dogonews.com dogobooks.com dogomovies.com
cookieconsent_status
To track whether or not you have consented to the setting of non-essential cookies on our websites.
stripe.com
__stripe_mid __stripe_sid
Set by Stripe, our third party payment processing partner, and necessary in order to accept payments for DOGOnews for Teachers Pro subscriptions. View Stripe's Privacy Policy
google.com
G_AUTHUSER_H G_ENABLED_IDPS
Set by Google Single-Sign On when a teacher logs into their Google account in order to import their Google Classroom roster.
cloudflare.com
__cfduid
Set by Cloudflare, our third party content delivery network to identify trusted web traffic.
It does not store any personally identifiable information.
For more info see: What does the Cloudflare cfduid cookie do? View the Cloudflare Cookie Policy

 Category 2: Performance Cookies These cookies collect information about how our visitors use the website.
For example, it enables us to know which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. Cookie Origin Cookie Name(s) Description google.com
_ga _gid _gat
Set by Google Analytics our third party analytics platform to generate statistical data to help us understand our audience.
On our websites, we always enable IP anonymization when using Google Analytics.
For more info see: IP Anonymization in Google Analytics Google Analytics Cookie Usage on Websites Category 3: Functionality Cookies These cookies allow you to set and store preferences such as, user name, for our websites.
These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you’ve customized. Cookie Origin Cookie Name(s) Description dogonews.com dogobooks.com dogomovies.com
remember_user_token
To automatically keep you logged in when you leave and come back to our website.
dogonews.com dogobooks.com dogomovies.com
browser.timezone
To keep track of your timezone so that dates can be displayed in your local timezone.
vimeo.com
player
Set by Vimeo player when playing videos embedded from Vimeo.
For more info see: Vimeo Cookie List Vimeo Cookie Policy Category 4: Display Banner Cookies These cookies are only used to count display banner delivery for promotion of children's books, free book giveaways and educator resources.
These cookies are only associated with the user's browser and do not contain any personally identifiable information (PII) or any persistent identifiers.
We do not use third party advertising networks, or allow targeted or personalized advertising of any type. Cookie Origin Cookie Name(s) Description google.com
__gads
The advertising cookie named ‘__gads’ may be set to measure interactions with banner ads and prevent the same ones from being shown to you too many times. Controlling and Deleting Cookies For users from the European Union and the United Kingdom ("EU users") we allow you the ability to opt out of accepting cookies by clicking on the cookie banner when you first enter our websites.
If you would like to change how a browser uses cookies, including blocking or deleting cookies from our websites you can do so by changing the browser settings.
To control cookies, most browsers allow you to either accept or reject all cookies, only accept certain types of cookies, or prompt you every time a site wishes to save a cookie.
It's also easy to delete cookies that are already saved on your device by a browser.
The processes for controlling and deleting cookies vary depending on which browser you use.
To find out how to do so with a particular browser, you can use the Help function or alternatively, you can visit www.aboutcookies.org which explains, step-by-step, how to control and delete cookies in most browsers.
Please note that if you refuse to accept cookies in our cookie banner (EU users) or adjust your internet browser settings to refuse the setting of cookies, you may not be able to access or use fully certain parts or functionality of our websites. More information Further information about our data processing can be found in our Privacy Policy. If you have any questions regarding this Cookie Policy, please contact our Data Protection Officer at privacy@dogonews.com Changes to this Cookie Policy Any changes we may make to this Cookie Policy will be posted on this page.
If changes are significant, we may choose to notify you by email or to clearly indicate on our home page that the policy has been updated. Close
Embed CodeCopy and Paste the code below to your website or blog.Embed CodeBy using this widget you agree to the Terms of Use.CloseSelect VoiceJoannaMatthewKevinIvyClose

