
         EU-Based Users If you are a user accessing our services or using our products from a country in the European Union, there is some additional information you need to know: Why do we use your data? If you are located in the European Union, we would like to inform you that the main reason why we use your personal information is to perform the contract you accept when registering with Donorbox (i.e.
the Terms of Service).
In other words, we need to use your personal information to handle your registration with Donorbox, since otherwise we would not be able to register you as our user.
In other cases, we also use your data because we have a legitimate interest to do so.
For example, this is the case when we use your data to answer to your questions and attend your claims.
Also, we are entitled to use your personal data because you have previously given us your consent to do so. For how long will we store your data? This depends on the purposes for which we use your information.
As a general rule, we will only use your personal data as long as it is necessary to perform the contract we are bound to, or as long as necessary to answer to your questions and handle your claims.
In other cases, we will only use your personal data as long as we still have your consent to do so.
Please remember that when your consent is our legal basis to use your data, you can always revoke it any time.
In addition to that, depending on where you use our services from, we may also keep your data for some additional time in case we need it in relation to any liabilities that may arise in connection to the use of your data, as permitted by applicable law. Do we share your data with third parties? In addition to the above, we might occasionally work with some service providers that might be located outside the European Union, in countries that do not offer an adequate level of protection comparable to that of the EU.
If so, we will only share your personal data with them applying sufficient safeguards to ensure your privacy and confidentiality of your data.
For example, we will only share your information if they are Privacy Shield certified (for US-based providers) or if we have entered into appropriate standard contractual clauses with them. What are your rights when we use your data? Apart from the rights detailed above, when we use your data to answer to your questions and handle your claims, you are also entitled to oppose to us using your data for such purposes at any time.
In addition, you are also entitled to request that we limit the processing of your data.
Remember that you can also revoke your consent to us using your data at any time, and you are also entitled to request portability of your data.
In order to exercise your rights, please contact us specifying your request and the right you want to exercise.
You are also entitled to lodge a claim with the appropriate supervisory authority, depending on the country you are using our services from. Child protection Donorbox does not offer the Application to, or knowingly collect or solicit information from, anyone under the age of 16.
If you are under 16, do not provide us with any information.
Any information we receive from people we believe to be under 16 will be purged from our database.
We reserve the right to ask for confirmation of your age at any time.
Not providing such confirmation or if it proves to be insufficient, will enable us to close your user account with Donorbox and terminate the agreement between us.
