
 Grant of Rights 

Software. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, we hereby grant you a limited, worldwide, non-exclusive, fee-based, non-transferable (except as set forth under Section 11.6) right and license, under our Intellectual Property Rights, to (i) use, in the form in which such Software is delivered by the Donorbox only, and (ii) utilize such Software only for the purpose of receiving donations.


Limited Rights of Licensee. Your obtainment and/or use of the Software does not grant you any rights of ownership in the Software, as all rights granted are merely those of a licensee under the terms of this Agreement, with those rights granted only for such time as (i) you conform to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and (ii) until the termination of this Agreement.


No Other Rights. Except for the limited rights expressly granted under this Agreement, neither this Agreement nor your exercise of rights granted convey any other rights or license to the Software, Confidential Information, Documentation, and Marks whether by implication, estoppel or otherwise, under any of Donorbox’s Intellectual Property Rights (as defined below).
We retain all rights, title and interest in and to the Software, Confidential Information, Documentation and Marks (as defined below), including without limitation, all worldwide right, title and interest in and to (i) all patents and all filed, pending applications for patents, including any reissue, reexamination, divisional, continuation or continuation-in-part patent applications now or hereafter filed (“Patent Rights”).
(ii) all trade secrets, and all trade secret rights and equivalent rights arising.
(iii) all works of authorship, including all registered and unregistered copyrights.
and (iv) all proprietary indicia, trademarks, trade names, symbols, logos and/or brand names (“Marks”), in each case of (i) through (iv) as the same may arise or exist under common law, state law, federal law and laws of foreign countries (collectively “Intellectual Property Rights”).



 Payments 

Transaction Fees. Customers pay a platform fee and optional add-on subscription fees to use the Website.
Fees are laid out on the pricing page.


Taxes. The fees charged do not include any foreign, federal, state or local sales, use or other similar taxes, however designated, levied against the sale, licensing, delivery or use of the Software.
You agree to pay, or reimburse, Donorbox for all such taxes imposed, provided, however, that you shall not be liable for any taxes based on Donorbox’s net income.
When Donorbox has the legal obligation to collect such taxes, the appropriate amount shall be paid by you unless you provide Donorbox with a valid tax exemption certificate authorized by the appropriate taxing authority.
You agree to promptly notify us of any amendment or revocation of such certificate, and will hold Donorbox harmless from and against any taxes or other monies resulting from the failure to hold a certificate recognized as valid by the appropriate tax authority.



 Your Additional Obligations 

Performance Obligations. You shall not alter, re-label or change the Software as provided by Donorbox, and as may be amended at any time at our sole discretion, without our prior written consent.


Books and Records. You agree to keep and maintain accurate books and records as reasonably necessary for verification of transaction payments pursuant to this Agreement.


Terms and Conditions of Card Processor (Stripe). You agree at all times to conform to any and all terms and conditions, duties, and obligations arising out of, or pertinent to, your use of Stripe services through, or with respect to, our Software, which terms and conditions may be amended from time-to-time at the sole discretion of Stripe (for more information, visit Stripe Services Agreement).


Terms and Conditions of Card Processor (PayPal). You agree at all times to conform to any and all terms and conditions, duties, and obligations arising out of, or pertinent to, your use of PayPal services through, or with respect to, our Software, which terms and conditions may be amended from time-to-time at the sole discretion of PayPal (for more information, visit User Agreement for PayPal Services).



 Limited Warranty 

Limited Warranty. Donorbox agrees to provide Software which operates for the purpose of permitting you to accept donations through your website.
Donorbox shall have no obligation to provide warranty services if a defect is caused by a malfunction of non-Donorbox hardware or software, or the failure to install and use any mandatory bug fixes or other software code provided free of charge by Donorbox, provided the relevant defect is caused by or is not remedied by failure to install the same, by modification of the Software not made by Donorbox, or by operator error or by misuse of Software.


Disclaimer. EXCEPT AS MAY BE AGREED TO IN A SEPARATE WRITING BETWEEN THE PARTIES, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, THE LIMITED WARRANTY GRANTED ABOVE IS IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE, WHETHER STATUTORY, BY OPERATION OF LAW, OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON- INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, ACCURACY AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF USAGE OR TRADE.
THIS WARRANTY IS APPLICABLE SOLELY TO YOU AND NOT TO ANY DONOR OR ANY OTHER THIRD PARTY.
NO WAIVER, ALTERATION OR MODIFICATION OF THIS WARRANTY SHALL BE BINDING AGAINST Donorbox UNLESS IN WRITING AS A SEPARATE AMENDMENT HERETO AND SIGNED BY AN EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF Donorbox.


Licensee Warranty Limitations. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Donorbox, its officers, agents, employees, and affiliates from any claim or liability arising out of or relating to any grant by you of any representation or warranty.



 Terms and Termination 

Terms. This Agreement shall continue in force during your use of the Software provided by Donorbox as defined in this agreement.
Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time.
If you would like to terminate this Agreement, you must send a request to Donorbox to close your account.
Donorbox may terminate this Agreement by closing your account, which will prevent the processing of future donations.
Donorbox may, at their sole discretion, suspend and/or place an account under review for possible violation of terms, related to the list described in Section 5.1a.

 Without limiting the foregoing, you agree to not use the Services to establish or contribute to any Campaign with the implicit or express purpose relating to any of the following: 
Any activity that violates any law or governmental regulation;
Campaigns that are fraudulent, misleading, inaccurate, dishonest, impossible or imitating any other person or fundraising campaign without permission (whether on the Platform or not);
Illegal drugs, narcotics, steroids, controlled substances or other products that present a risk to consumer safety or any related paraphernalia;
Ransom, human trafficking or exploitation;
Knives, explosives, ammunition, firearms, or other weaponry or accessories;
Gambling, gaming and/or any other activity with an entry fee and a prize, including, but not limited to casino games, sports betting, fantasy sports, horse or greyhound racing, lottery tickets, other ventures that facilitate gambling, games of skill or chance (whether or not it is legally defined as a lottery) or sweepstakes;
Offensive, graphic, perverse or sensitive content, including pornography or other sexual content;
Annuities, investments, equity or lottery contracts, lay-away systems, off-shore banking or similar transactions, money service businesses (including currency exchanges, check cashing or the like), debt collection or crypto-currencies;
Offering monetary rewards, including gift cards, without declaring fair market value (FMV) of goods exchanged;
Transactions for the sale of items before the seller has control or possession of the item;
Collection of payments on behalf of merchants by payment processors or otherwise;
Credit repair or debt settlement services;
Engaging in, encouraging, promoting, or celebrating unlawful violence or physical harm to persons or property;
Engaging in, encouraging, promoting, or celebrating unlawful violence toward any group based on race, religion, disability, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, or any other immutable characteristic.





Termination for Insolvency. This Agreement shall terminate, without notice, (i) upon the institution by or against either Party of bankruptcy proceedings, which proceedings are not dismissed within ninety (90) days of their commencement, or (ii) upon either Party’s making an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or (iii) upon either Party’s dissolution.


Survival. The provisions of Section 1.3, 3.1, 3.2, 4.2, 5.3, 5.4, 6.1, 6.2, 6.3, 8, 9, 10, 11, and all payment obligations incurred prior to termination shall survive the termination of this Agreement for any reason.


No Liability for Termination. In the event of termination of this Agreement by either Party in accordance with any of the provisions of this Agreement, neither Party shall be liable to the other, because of such termination, for compensation, reimbursement or damages on account of the loss of prospective profits or anticipated sales, or on account of expenditures, inventory, investments, leases or commitments in connection with the business or goodwill of either Party.
Termination shall not, however, relieve either Party of obligations incurred prior to the termination.


Discretion for Termination. We may, in our sole discretion, refuse to offer the Services to any person or entity.
We may, without notice and in our sole discretion, terminate your right to use the Services, or any portion thereof, and block or prevent your future access to and use of the Services or any portion thereof.
Nothing herein shall be construed to create any duty to, or standard of care with reference to, or any obligation or liability to any person not a party to this Terms of Service.
In particular, we disclaim any third-party beneficiary rights and interests which may arise out of, or pertain to, to our right reserved herein.



 Intellectual Property Notices and Confidentiality 

Intellectual Property Notices. You agree not to remove and to retain all proprietary Marks, legends and IP notices that appear on or display in connection with the Software, documentation, and Confidential Information delivered to you by Donorbox, and all whole or partial copies thereof.


Confidentiality


Confidential Information. For purposes of this Agreement, a Party’s Confidential Information shall mean (i) all information considered by one Party to be confidential and which is clearly marked as “confidential” prior to disclosure to the other Party, or if disclosed orally or visually disclosed, shall be identified as the confidential information of the disclosing Party at the time of disclosure and then summarized in writing and provided to the recipient within thirty (30) days of such oral or visual disclosure.
(ii) all information concerning or related to the Software, including but not limited to the logic, designs, source code, product specifications, inventions, research, improvement, manufacture and sale of the Software (including sales, costs, profits, pricing methods, organizations, business and product plans), and (iii) any other information which a reasonable business person would consider to be confidential information of the other Party.
Confidential Information shall not include information which: (i) is or becomes public knowledge without any action by, or involvement of, the receiving Party.
(ii) is disclosed by one Party with the prior written approval of the other Party, (iii) is received by the receiving Party from a third party without a confidentiality obligation or duty of nondisclosure.
or (iv) is disclosed pursuant to any judicial or governmental order, provided that to the extent consistent with such order the disclosing Party gives the other Party sufficient prior notice to contest such order.


Non-Use and Non-Disclosure. The Parties to this Agreement agree to observe complete confidentiality with respect to the Confidential Information, and to make all reasonable efforts not to disclose, or permit any third party or entity access to, the Confidential Information (or any portion thereof) without the prior written permission of the other Party (except such disclosure or access which is required to perform any obligations under this Agreement and to ensure that any employees, or any third parties who obtain access to the Confidential Information, are advised of the confidential and proprietary nature thereof and are prohibited from copying, utilizing or otherwise revealing the Confidential Information.
Without limiting the foregoing, the Parties agree to employ, with regard to the Confidential Information, procedures no less restrictive than the strictest procedures used by it to protect its own confidential and proprietary information.




Source Code. You agree not to attempt, directly or indirectly, to decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or use any other similar process with respect to the code, logic or information embodied by the Software.



 Trademarks and Trade Names 

Use. During the Term, you shall have the right to use Donorbox’s Marks to advertise and identify that your website donation program is administered with the Software.
You shall use such Marks in accordance with Donorbox’s usage in the Software, and shall not modify or delete such Marks as set forth in the Software or in its user interface without the prior written consent of Donorbox, in its sole discretion.


Ownership. Except for the limited rights provided for in this Section 7, nothing contained in this Agreement shall grant you any right, title or interest in Donorbox’s Marks.
At no time during the Term shall you challenge or assist others in challenging Donorbox’s rights in and to its Marks, or the registration thereof, or attempt to register any trademarks, trade names or other proprietary indicia confusingly similar to such Marks.
All uses of Donorbox’s Marks will inure solely to Donorbox, and you hereby irrevocably assign to Donorbox all such right, title and interest, if any, in any such Marks and agree to provide Donorbox reasonable assistance in its registration of the Marks in those jurisdictions in which your activities will be carried out.



 Patents and Copyright Indemnity 

Limitation of Liability. DONORBOX SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY CLAIM BASED UPON: (I) THE COMBINATION, OPERATION OR USE OF THE SOFTWARE WITH EQUIPMENT, DEVICES OR SOFTWARE NOT SUPPLIED, APPROVED, OR SPECIFIED BY Donorbox, WHERE SUCH CLAIM ARISES SOLELY AS A RESULT OF SUCH COMBINATION.
(II) ANY ALTERATION OR MODIFICATION OF ANY PRODUCT NOT PERFORMED BY DONORBOX, (III) THE FAILURE TO INSTALL MANDATORY SOFTWARE UPDATES AND/OR FIXES OR OTHER SOFTWARE CODE PROVIDED FREE OF CHARGE TO YOU AND/OR YOUR DONORS, PROVIDED SUCH CLAIM WOULD NOT HAVE ARISEN BUT FOR SUCH FAILURE TO INSTALL THE SAME, (IV) MISUSE OF THE SOFTWARE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, USE NOT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTENDED PURPOSE OF THE SOFTWARE.


Entire Liability. THIS SECTION 8 STATES THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF DONORBOX, AS WELL AS YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY WITH RESPECT TO INFRINGEMENT OR MISAPPROPRIATION OF ANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF A THIRD PARTY, AND DONORBOX SHALL HAVE NO ADDITIONAL LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO ANY ALLEGED OR PROVEN INFRINGEMENT OR MISAPPROPRIATION.


Notification of Unauthorized Use. You agree to promptly notify Donorbox in writing upon your discovery of any unauthorized use or infringement of the Software, or Donorbox’s Intellectual Property Rights with respect thereto.
Donorbox shall have the sole and exclusive right to bring an infringement action or proceeding against any infringing third party, and, in the event that Donorbox brings such an action or proceeding, you shall cooperate and provide full information and assistance to Donorbox (at Donorbox’s expense) and its counsel in connection with any such action or proceeding.



 Indemnification by Licensee 
 Subject to Donorbox’s indemnification obligation pursuant to Section 8, you shall defend, or at your sole option, settle, at your sole expense, any demand, claim or action brought against Donorbox to the extent that such demand, claim or action is based on an allegation by a third party based on your actions or omissions with respect to this Agreement or your use of the Software, and you will indemnify Donorbox from any costs, damages and fees (including attorney’s fees) incurred by, settled for, or awarded against Donorbox from such claim.
You shall be relieved of the foregoing indemnification obligations to the extent Donorbox fails to (i) notify you promptly in writing of any Claim, (ii) permit you to defend against, compromise or settle such Claim or (iii) provide all available information and assistance (at your expense) reasonably necessary for you to defend against, compromise, or settle such claim.
You shall not be liable for any costs, damages or fees incurred by Donorbox on such action or claim unless you have authorized this in writing in advance.
You will not agree to a settlement that would adversely affect Donorbox’s interests without Donorbox’s express written consent.



 Limitation of Liability 

No Consequential Damages. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL EITHER PARTY, ITS AFFILIATES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, EMPLOYEES OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY (EXCEPT PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 8 AND 9) UNDER ANY LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR SPECIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING ANY AMOUNTS FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, SUBSTITUTE GOODS, LOSS OF DATA OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR TERMINATION HEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY OR WARRANTY PROVIDED HEREUNDER.
THE FOREGOING LIMITATION SHALL NOT APPLY TO AMOUNTS FOR WHICH EITHER PARTY IS LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY UNDER SECTION 4 SECTION 6, SECTION 7, OR SECTIONS 8 OR 9 (INDEMNIFICATION), OR BASED ON YOU EXCEEDING THE SCOPE OF THE LICENSES GRANTED HEREUNDER.


Cap on Monetary Liability. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED, IN NO EVENT WILL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF DONORBOX, ITS SERVICE PROVIDERS, AND SUPPLIERS UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ITS SUBJECT MATTER, UNDER ANY LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, INCLUDING BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY AND OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO DONORBOX.
THE FOREGOING LIMITATION APPLIES NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ANY AGREED OR OTHER REMEDY OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.



 General Provisions 

Compliance with Laws. During the term of this Agreement, each Party shall comply with all applicable laws, including but not limited to the Internal Revenue Code and the California Corporations Code as shall from time to time govern nonprofit organizations and the receipt of donations to such organizations in California and the United States of America.


Applicable Law. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the laws of the State of California shall govern the performance and construction of this Agreement and the interpretation of the Parties’ rights and duties without reference to its conflict of laws principles.
Any controversy arising out of or related to this Agreement may be submitted before any of the state or federal courts located in the County of San Francisco, California, to whose personal jurisdiction and venue each Party hereby irrevocably submits.


Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties relating to the subject matter herein and merges all prior discussions between them.
No modification of or amendment to this Agreement, or any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, shall be effective unless in writing signed by both Parties.


Notices. Any notice required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be deemed given when delivered (i) by hand, (ii) by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, the address of the other Party first set forth above, or to such other address as a Party may designate by written notice to the other Party no less than thirty (30) days prior to change of such address, (iii) by overnight courier, or (iv) by fax with confirming letter mailed under the conditions described in (ii) above.


Force Majeure. Except for the obligation to make payments, non performance of either Party shall be excused to the extent the performance is rendered impossible by strike, fire, flood, terrorism, governmental acts or orders or restrictions, failure of suppliers or any other reason where failure to perform is beyond the reasonable control of, and is not caused by, the negligence of the non-performing Party.


Non-assignability and Binding Effect. You may not assign this Agreement to any third party without the prior written consent of Donorbox, and any attempt to do so in violation of the foregoing shall be deemed null, void and of no effect.
provided that you shall be free to assign this Agreement in whole to any successor in interest to all or substantially all the assets or business pertaining to the subject matter hereof whether by merger, acquisition or consolidation or otherwise.
Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties hereto and their permitted successors and assigns.


Legal Expenses. The prevailing Party in any legal action brought by one Party against the other and arising out of this Agreement shall be entitled, in addition to any other rights and remedies it may have, to reimbursement for its expenses, including court costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees.


Specific Performance.
Injunctive Relief. Your breach of any obligation under Section6 of this Agreement or regarding the use, duplication, modification, transfer or confidentiality of any Confidential Information, documentation or otherwise shall entitle Donorbox to injunctive, specific performance or other equitable relief, all without need of bond or undertaking of any nature, Licensee hereby specifically acknowledges that Donorbox’s remedies at law under such circumstances would be inadequate.


Authorizations. During the term of this Agreement, you shall, at your own expense, make, obtain, and maintain in force at all times during the Term of this Agreement, all filings, registrations, reports, licenses, permits and authorization from any private or governmental agency which are necessary for you to exercise your rights and perform your obligations hereunder (“Authorizations”).
Donorbox shall provide you, at your expense, with such assistance as you may reasonably request in making or obtaining any such Authorizations.
In the event that the issuance of any Authorization is conditioned upon an amendment or modification to this Agreement which is unacceptable to Donorbox, Donorbox shall have the right to terminate this Agreement immediately effective without notice and without liability or further obligation whatsoever to you.


Independent Contractors. The relationship between the Parties, established by this Agreement, is that of independent contractors, and nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to (i) give either Party the power to direct and control the day-to-day activities of the other, (ii) constitute the Parties as partners, joint-venturers, co-owners or otherwise as participants in a joint or common undertaking, or (iii) allow you to create or assume any obligation on behalf of Donorbox for any purpose whatsoever.


Approvals and Enforceability. You hereby represent and warrant that no Authorization or other consent, approval or authorization of or designation, declaration or filing with any governmental authority is required in connection with the valid execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.
Additionally, you further represent that you have the legal authority to bind the corporation or entity on whose behalf you are obtaining the Software.


Severability. If any term, condition, or provision in this Agreement is found to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable to any extent, the Parties shall endeavor in good faith to agree to such amendments that will preserve, as far as possible, the intentions expressed in this Agreement.
If the parties fail to agree on such an amendment, such invalid term, condition or provision (or portion thereof) will be severed from the remaining terms, conditions and provisions, which will continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.


Changes to These Terms. Donorbox may revise and update these Terms of Use from time to time in our sole discretion.
All changes are effective immediately when we post them, and apply to all access to and use of the Website thereafter.
Should you not agree to the changes, your sole recourse is to immediately discontinue the use of the Website and Software.



 Messaging Policy 

SMS Messaging Service. Donorbox uses SMS Messaging Service for sharing links to campaigns and events.
You can opt-in to our services by texting “GIVE” to 801801.
You may choose to opt-in to our SMS messaging service at your own discretion, and you may opt-out at any time.
We will communicate with you via SMS for the purposes of service alerts and notifications.


Participating Carriers. Participating carriers include AT&T, Boost Mobile, T-Mobile, Metro PCS, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, U.S.
Cellular, Nextel &amp.
Virgin Mobile.
Carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
T-Mobile is not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.


Data Rates. Message frequency varies per user.
If you have any questions about your text plan or data plan, please contact your wireless provider.
You can cancel the SMS service at any time.


Opting-in. Once you have opted in, shortcode 801801 will be used to send notification messages to you, the opted-in user.


Canceling. To cancel, text "STOP" to 801801.
We will respond with a single SMS message to confirm that you have been unsubscribed.
After this, you will no longer receive SMS messages from us.


Assistance.If you require help with our Text-to-Give service at any time, you may text "HELP" to 801801 for a brief help message.
We will respond with instructions on how to use our service as well as how to unsubscribe.
You may also contact our dedicated Text-to-give support line at +1 (201) 380-0724 or email us at support@donorbox.org.
You can view our privacy policy here.



