
         Doodly Privacy Policy Notice  Last Updated on July 31, 2021.
 1.
Introduction  This Privacy Policy describes the information and data collection, storage, and use practices and policies of Voomly LLC d/b/a Doodly (“Doodly,” “we,” “our,” “us”) on the website at https://www.doodly.com (along with all subdomains, collectively, the “Website”).
This Privacy Policy is only applicable to the Website and not to any other websites that you may be able to access from the Website, each of which may have data collection, storage, and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Privacy Policy.
When you leave the Website via a link to another website, you are subject to that site’s Privacy Policy, Terms of Use, and other policies (“Third Party website policies”) applicable to that site and you should review the Third Party website policies.
 2.
Information Collection and Use Practices 2.1.
Types of Information Collected  Doodly may collect two different types of information, Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”) and Non-Personally Identifiable Information (“Non-PII”).
PII and Non-PII may be collected anytime you access or use a Doodly website, including this Website.
PII and Non-PII may also be collected by Doodly during in-person discussions, telephone conversations, and electronic or other written communications.


Personally Identifiable Information Collected: In order for you to access and use the services offered through the Website, we may require you to provide information that identifies you as an individual (i.e., “PII”).
PII may include the following categories of information: (1) Contact Data (such as your name, mailing address, email address, and phone number(s)) and (2) Financial Data (such as your account or credit card number).
If you communicate with us by email, post messages to any of our chat groups, bulletin boards, or forums, or otherwise complete online forms or surveys, any information provided may be collected as PII.


Non-Personally Identifiable Information Collected: We may automatically track and collect the following categories of information when you visit our Website or download our software: (1) IP addresses.
(2) domain servers.
(3) types of computers accessing the Website.
(4) device-specific information including hardware model, operating system and version, and information about the device’s interaction with our services.
and (5) types of web browsers used to access the Website (collectively “Non-PII”).
Non-PII is anonymous information that does not personally identify you but is helpful for improving your experience on the Website and with our software.
 2.2.
Uses of Information Collected  Doodly uses PII in a variety of ways, including using the information to customize features.
advertising that appear on the Website, improving our services, and making other offers available to you via email, direct mail, or otherwise.
 2.3.
Technology We May Use: Cookies, Web Beacons, and Clear Gifs 
Understanding traffic patterns and the number of visitors to the Website and other websites that we partner with;
Understanding how you use and interact with the Website;
Improving Doodly’s services and products;
Optimizing your experience on the Website;
Providing anonymous individual or aggregate auditing, research, modeling, and reporting for our advertisers and other partners;
Storing your password so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit the Website;
Providing you with relevant advertising and content.
and
Managing our Website.

 Clear Gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, used to track the online movement of Website visitors.

 Please note that cookies, web beacons and clear gifs may be placed by a third party service provider who performs these functions for us.
These third parties may have their own privacy policies.

 Doodly does not use cookies, web beacons, or clear gifs to collect or store any PII.
 2.4.
Sharing of Personal Information  Doodly may share PII with Doodly affiliates, advertisers, and third parties contracting with Doodly to provide services to you.
The other parties with whom we share PII may send information to you about other products or services.
We do not share your Financial Data with these third parties.
We may share Financial Data with business partners who assist us by performing core services (such as hosting, billing, fulfillment, or data storage and security) related to our operation of the Website and provision of services.
Those business partners agree to uphold the same standards of security and confidentiality described in this Privacy Policy, and they will only use your Financial Data to carry out their specific business obligations to Doodly.

 If we or some or all of our assets are acquired by another company, including through a sale in connection with a bankruptcy, that company will possess the information collected by us, and it will assume the rights and obligations regarding your PII as described in this Privacy Policy.

 We may disclose PII or other data to comply with the law or legal requirements, enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions of Use &amp.
Sale and other agreements, or protect our rights, property, the safety of our users, or others.

 Because Non-PII does not personally identify You, Doodly reserves the right to use and disclose to third parties Non-PII for any purpose.
 2.5.
Interest-Based Ads  We may also may share Non-PII with advertisers and other third parties who may use it for advertising purposes, including to serve targeted advertising on non-affiliated third party sites.
Some of those ads may be personalized, meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on information about your online activities on the Website or other websites over time.
For example, anonymous information collected across multiple sites may enable the ad network to predict your preferences and show you ads that are likely to be of interest to you.
Please note that we do not share any information that identifies you personally with the third party service providers who serve ads on our behalf.
Please visit the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) for information about how to opt-out of interest-based advertising by its members.
See http://www.networkadvertising.org for general information about the NAI and http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp for the opt-out page.
You may also visit http://www.aboutads.info/consumers/ to learn about interest-based advertising and how to opt-out from online behavioral ads served by some or all participating companies.
 2.6.
Email Marketing  By submitting your email address through the Website, you are expressly consenting to receive emails from Doodly, including from Doodly’s affiliates, and from third parties concerning offers and advertisements unrelated to Doodly.
To opt-out of receiving email messages from us, from our affiliates or from other third parties, click on the “Unsubscribe” link contained in each email.
You can remove yourself at any time.
Please note that if you decide not to receive marketing emails from us, you may still receive transactional email messages regarding your account.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this provision, please contact us at support@doodly.com.
 3.
Confidentiality and Security of Personal Information 3.1.
User Ability to Access, Update, and Correct PII  At any time you may contact Doodly via email at support@doonly.com to update your PII or request that your PII no longer be shared by Doodly.
In the case that your user name or password is lost, stolen, or used without permission, promptly contact Doodly at support@doodly.com to update the PII we have on file for you.
 3.2.
Your California Privacy Rights  As described in this Privacy Policy, from time to time we may make your personal information available to third parties for their marketing purposes.
California law permits individuals who are California residents to request certain information about our disclosure of personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes.
If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to support@doodly.com.
If you do not want us to share your personal information with third parties, you may opt-out of this information sharing by emailing us at support@doodly.com.
In accordance with California Civil Code Sec.
1789.3, California resident users are entitled to know that they may file grievances and complaints with the California Department of Consumer Affairs, 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N112, Sacramento, CA 95834.
or by phone at 916-445-1254 or 800-952-5210.
or by email to dca@dca.ca.gov dca@dca.ca.gov.
 3.3.
Security  Doodly maintains reasonable physical, administrative and technical safeguards to protect PII from loss, misuse, or unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction.
However, no system is 100% secure.
Doodly enforces its Privacy Policy via self-assessment.
 4.
Third-Party Links and Public Information  Except where expressly stated by Doodly, Doodly is not affiliated or associated with operators of any third party websites that link to or are linked from any Doodly-maintained website, including this Website.
Please review the Third Party website policies of each site you visit.

 Doodly disclaims any responsibility for the accuracy or content of information found on third party websites that link to or are linked from any Doodly website, including this Website.
Doodly disclaims any responsibility for the security of any information (including without limitation PII and Financial Data) that you may provide to any third party.
We also make chat rooms, forums, message boards, and news groups available to you as part of our Doodly community.
Please understand that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes accessible to the public.
You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your PII in a public forum.
 5.
Google Analytics  We also use Google Analytics Advertiser Features to optimize our business.
Advertiser features include: 

Remarketing with Google Analytics
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
DoubleClick Platform integrations
Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting

 By enabling these Google Analytics Display features, we are required to notify our visitors by disclosing the use of these features and that we and third-party vendors use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) or other first-party identifiers, and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to gather data about your activities on our Website.
Among other uses, this allows us to contact you if you begin to fill out our check-out form but abandon it before completion with an email reminding you to complete your order.
The “Remarketing” feature allows us to reach people who previously visited our Site, and match the right audience with the right advertising message.

 You can opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s ad settings and/or you may opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
 6.
Google Analytics As advertisers on Facebook and through our Facebook page, we, (not Facebook) may collect content or information from a Facebook user and such information may be used in the same manner specified in this Privacy Policy.
You consent to our collection of such information.

We abide by Facebook’s Data Use Restrictions.
Any ad data collected, received or derived from our Facebook ad (“Facebook advertising data”) is only shared with someone acting on our behalf, such as our service provider.
We are responsible for ensuring that our service providers protect any Facebook advertising data or any other information obtained from us, limit our use of all of that information, and keep it confidential and secure.
We do not use Facebook advertising data for any purpose (including retargeting, commingling data across multiple advertisers’ campaigns, or allowing piggybacking or redirecting with tags), except on an aggregate and anonymous basis (unless authorized by Facebook) and only to assess the performance and effectiveness of our Facebook advertising campaigns.
We do not use Facebook advertising data, including the targeting criteria for a Facebook ad, to build, append to, edit, influence, or augment user profiles, including profiles associated with any mobile device identifier or other unique identifier that identifies any particular user, browser, computer or device.
We do not transfer any Facebook advertising data (including anonymous, aggregate, or derived data) to any ad network, ad exchange, data broker or other advertising or monetization related service. 7.
Children's Privacy Statement This children’s privacy statement explains our practices with respect to the online collection and use of personal information from children under the age of thirteen, and provides important information regarding their rights under federal law with respect to such information.

This Website is not directed to children under the age of thirteen and we do NOT knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen as part of the Website.
We screen users who wish to provide personal information in order to prevent users under the age of thirteen from providing such information.
If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of thirteen as part of the Website, we will delete such information from our records.
If we change our practices in the future, we will obtain prior, verifiable parental consent before collecting any personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen as part of the Website.
Because we do not collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen as part of the Website, we also do NOT knowingly distribute such information to third parties.
We do NOT knowingly allow children under the age of thirteen to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information through the Website.
Because we do not collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen as part of the Website, we do not condition the participation of a child under thirteen in the Website’s online activities on providing personally identifiable information. 8.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) The CCPA takes effect on January 1, 2020, and is intended to protect the personal information of California residents.
The CCPA has certain threshold requirements which a company must meet in order to be required to comply with its provisions.
Upon information and belief, our company does not meet those thresholds.
In the event of a change in our status, and if the data that you provide in the course of your use of our site, content, products and/or services is governed by CCPA, we will abide by the relevant portions of the Act.
If you are a resident of the state of California, you may have the right to: request disclosure of the personal information we have collected about you and the types of third parties with whom it has been shared.
request a portable copy of your information.
opt out from marketing messages or the sale of your information to third parties.
and request deletion of your personal information.
To make these requests, please contact our CCPA contact at CCPA@voomly.com 9.
Updates and Changes to Privacy Policy  We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to update or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such update or modification on the Website.
Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Website.
You consent to such changes through your continued use of the Website.

 If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or want to contact us, please send an email to support@doodly.com or write to us at: 
 Voomly LLC 3443 W Bavaria St Eagle, ID 83616 
 © Voomly LLC All rights reserved.
 Third-party components are the property of their respective owners.

