

Login
 About &gt.
Privacy Policy Privacy Policy (updated 09/15/2018)  This policy details how data about you is used when you access our websites and services (together, "DL") or interact with us.
If we update it, we will revise the date, place notices on DL if changes are material, and/or obtain your consent as required by law.

 1.How we protect your privacy 
We take precautions to prevent unauthorized access to or misuse of data about you.
Certain personal information, such as account passwords, are stored in encrypted formats.
Not even DL has access to that information.

Please review privacy policies of any third party sites linked to from DL.

 2.
Data we use to provide / improve our services and combat fraud / abuse: 
data you post on or send via DL, and/or send us directly or via other sites
data you submit or provide (e.g.
email, phone, photos, location).
web log data (e.g.
web pages viewed, access times, IP address, HTTP headers).
data collected via cookies (e.g.
search data and "favorites" lists).
data about your device(s) (e.g.
screen size, DOM local storage, plugins).
data about your unique device fingerprint(s) (e.g.
canvas, web GL.).
data from 3rd parties (e.g.
phone type, geo-location via IP address).

 3.
Data we store on our server 
We retain data as needed for our business purposes and/or as required by law.
We make good faith efforts to store data securely, but can make no guarantees.
You may access and update certain data about you via your account login.

 4.
Circumstances in which we may disclose user data: 
to respond to subpoenas, search warrants, court orders, or other legal process.
to protect our rights, property, or safety, or that of users of DL or the general public.
with your consent (e.g.
if you authorize us to share data with other users).
in connection with a merger, bankruptcy, or sale/transfer of assets.
in aggregate/summary form, where it cannot reasonably be used to identify you.



International Users - By accessing DL or providing us data, you agree we may use and disclose data we collect as described here or as communicated to you, transmit it outside your resident jurisdiction.


Help &amp.
FAQ
•
Terms 
•
Cities
•
Guidelines
 © 2020 Doublelist.com 
      