
        GDPR Privacy PolicyUpdated 10/07/2020
About Us“We” are Advanced Medical and Alternative Care, PC d/b/a WeightLossNYC™ a private medical practice in New York City, respecting all aspects of privacy as it pertains to patients and casual visitors alike.
As a medical facility we are also held to HIPAA regulations which are beyond the scope of this online policy.
We operate these websites:WeightLossNYC™ | Oksana Aron, M.D.
| Dr.
Aron’s Medical Weight Loss blog We also engage online via social media outlets as shown on the footer of our website pages, as well as appear in numerous online directories which may or may not have any direct business relationship with us.
Use of any of these sites are guided by their respective privacy policies for which we have no control.
Facebook privacy policy | Instagram Privacy policy | Twitter privacy policy Patient Testimonials
Any public displays of patient results or online reviews have been willfully and wholly provided by interested patients who have voluntarily provided photos or written testimonials online and also allowed us to use their images and words in our own materials. Your Personal Information

Should you request an appointment online, any information you send is captured by our appointment management software and is available to our internal office staff for the purposes of scheduling appointments and creating associated records internally for purposes of your medical visits.
Should you schedule an appointment, or choose to opt-in for our patient newsletter, or become a patient in our office, you may receive email communications from us for the purposes intended such as appointment confirmations and cancellations, office hour scheduling changes, and patient news/newsletters from our office using third party emailing tools.
Likewise any responses to emails to us will be available to our staff for purposes of fulfilling your intended communications and provision of related services.
We do not recommend transmitting confidential medical information via the internet.
Please call the office or convey such details during your office visits.
We do not sell or release any of your personal information to third parties, within the constraints of third party tools outlined below.
 Additional InformationThird party tools we use such as google adwords, analytics, mailchimp and acuity scheduling may provide us with actionable metrics for indicating popular usage of our sites, opened emails and click rates, and similar online parameters for their ability to perform these functions, for the purposes of assisting us in identifying popular content we post online and share with visitors and help us to better convey our message to prospective customers.
These tools are also guided by their own privacy policies and you have the right to not use their services via opting out of their systems or our provision of them (such as unsubscribing from our newsletter or using the phone instead of web for appointment scheduling).
These tools may also be using web cookies or online beacons to provide their services.
We do not control or access these cookies nor create or use any of our own.
Such cookies could include internet IP addresses, subsequent geo-targeting of internet addresses, times and dates of visits and so forth. Google privacy policy | Mailchimp privacy policy | Scheduling privacy policy Updates to this Policy
We reserve the right to publish updates to this policy accordingly as relevant to notifying you of any changes to services used and our implementation of them.
We also reserve the right to notify law enforcement of any abuses of our systems or services.
You have the right to inform us of any concerns regarding your data such that we may be able to address them appropriately.
Contact UsOur office phone number is 718-491-5525 should you have any questions about our policies or your personal information.
End of GDPR privacy policy
Our Privacy StatementWe are committed to safeguarding your privacy online.
Updates to this policy will be posted here.
At no times are any patient records or private data on our website, nor any information submitted to the site via forms retained except as is voluntarily provided by you and for the purposes intended for submission (eg scheduling appointments, emailing our offices, etc.)
We respect your privacy.
We value our customers and future customers, so we respect these concerns.
Our site may use cookies for anonymous aggregated web analytics to help us with improving usability and user interactions with our site.
We do not control sites that may be linked from here and cannot be responsible or liable for the contents of any linked site or any
link contained in a linked site.
Links are provided to you as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply the endorsement of the site.
Internet Security PolicyOur website and related tools may be used only for lawful purposes.
Transmission, distribution or storage of any material in violation of any applicable law or regulation is prohibited.
This includes, without limitation, material protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property right used without proper authorization, and material that is obscene, defamatory, constitutes an illegal threat, or violates export control laws.
Violations of system or network security are prohibited, and may result in criminal and civil liability.
Incidents involving such violations will be investigated via law enforcement if a criminal violation is suspected.
Examples of system or network security violations include, without limitation, the following:
Unauthorized access to or use of data, systems or networks, including any attempt to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without express authorization of the owner of the system or network.
Unauthorized monitoring of data or traffic on any network or system without express authorization of the owner of the system or network.
Interference with service to any user, host or network including, without limitation, mailbombing, flooding, deliberate attempts to overload a system and broadcast attacks.
Do not SpamDo not use our patient appointment request form for solicitations and other non-patient non-appointment purposes.
