
Drawabox uses cookies in a limited capacity.
Beyond the specific uses outlined below will never attempt to track you as an individual or share/sell any of the information we hold:


In order to track how our website is used, via Google Analytics and Alexa Site Rankings.
Only traffic data is stored, no identifiable personal data is retained.


To have a functioning account system, we store our users' email addresses.
Similarly, if you login through any third party services, we store the associated account IDs of those services, along with access tokens that can be revoked by you at any time.


To serve ads via AdThrive as explained below:



Advertising Privacy Statement
This Site is affiliated with AdThrive, LLC (“AdThrive”) for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site.
AdThrive uses standard and widely-available tools for the placement and serving of ads, including those provided by Google, Inc.
and its affiliates.
We publish interest-based advertisements on the Site.
that is, ads that are tailored to reflect your interests.
To help understand your interests, AdThrive, Google and our other advertising partners will track your behaviour on our website and on other websites across the Internet using cookies.
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser.
The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date.
a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
By using this Site, you consent to the use of such cookies and the sharing of data captured by such cookies with AdThrive, Google, and our other third party partners.
You can view, delete or add interest categories associated with your browser by visiting: https://adssettings.google.com.
You can also opt out of the network cookie using those settings or using the Network Advertising Initiative's multi-cookie opt-out mechanism at: http://optout.networkadvertising.org.
However, these opt-out mechanisms themselves use cookies, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained.
For European Economic Area Residents
If you reside in a country in the European Economic Area (EEA), then under the GDPR and applicable data protection laws you have the rights, among other things, to access your personal data, have us erase it, and/or restrict its further processing.
If you wish to access or delete your personal data (if any) maintained by us or AdThrive related to advertising on the Site, you can contact us at support@drawabox.com and contact AdThrive at info@adthrive.com.
If you wish to see a list of the advertising partners we work with or change which of those partners track your behavior using cookies, click the ad preferences link at the bottom of the site.
(Available in the EU.)
For California Residents
California law gives residents the right to opt out of the “sale” of their personal information to third parties, including for advertising purposes.
Under California law, the sharing of your information with a service provider for advertising purposes could be considered a “sale.” To opt out of the sharing of your information for advertising information, click the opt out link provided in the footer of this page.
You also have the right to request from us the categories of personal information that we have shared and the categories of third parties to whom the information was provided.
To make such a request, please contact us at info@adthrive.com.
To be clear we do not share your name, contact information, or any other sensitive information with third parties, and the categories of third parties that we share information with for advertising purposes are supply side platforms, programmatic advertising exchanges, and demand side platforms.


Advertising.

This Site is affiliated with CMI Marketing, Inc., d/b/a CafeMedia (“CafeMedia”) for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site, and CafeMedia will collect and use certain data for advertising purposes.
To learn more about CafeMedia’s data usage, click here: www.cafemedia.com/publisher-advertising-privacy-policy
