
By creating an account on, logging into or otherwise accessing and interacting on the Drawabox Community Platform, you agree to the following rules and restrictions:


You will not discuss anything of a political or otherwise controversial nature here, no matter how noble the cause.
Drawabox is a community focused on learning how to draw, and while there are ample topics worth discussing, this is not the place for it.


Avoid discussions of a medical nature.
Discussions about drawing can easily slip into discussions about frustration, depression, mental health, and even physical health - and giving even seemingly innocuous advice of that nature can have far reaching consequences that you may not expect.
This community is not a place to share medical advice, and so if someone clearly needs help, then please tell them to seek it from a professional and leave it at that.


While nudity is allowed in the context of figure drawing, highly sexual or extremely violent content is not permitted.
As the line can be blurry on this topic, we ask you to err on the side of caution, and we will remove posts, issue warnings and if necessary, terminate accounts, at our own discretion in order to maintain a comfortable environment for all members of our community.


You will not harass, intimidate, stalk, or antagonize other members of the community, or use our community to harass those outside of the community.


You will not reveal any personal information pertaining to anyone but yourself.


You will not post any content that breaks the laws of the United States, Canada, or the European Union, whether knowingly or unknowingly.
This includes but is not limited to discussions that infringe on copyright, incite hatred or discrimination, share or facilitate the sharing of sexual content involving minors, and so on.


The artwork, feedback, writing and other content you share here is your own, and you retain ownership and rights to it.
By submitting it here, you are allowing it to be displayed on the Drawabox website, providing Drawabox with the licensing required to do so.
Should you wish to have your content removed, you can do so by contacting us at support@drawabox.com, and we will make every effort to remove it from our servers and databases in a timely manner.


If you'd like to use the Drawabox name, logo or other branding for some purpose, please ask by sending an email to hello@drawabox.com to receive written permission.
We do often grant permission, but it's important that you ask first.


We reserve the right to limit the access of any user, and if we deem it necessary, terminate accounts, for whatever reason.
Our interests and priorities are in ensuring that the community runs smoothly, providing a safe and welcoming environment for those looking to develop their drawing skills, and if that means removing members at our own discretion, then we will do so.


Try to be nice.
It's really not that hard.
Remember that there are other human beings on the other side of your conversations, and that when we share the result of our efforts for feedback, we're making ourselves vulnerable.
Take that into account.
And for those on the receiving end, remember that most people offering feedback are doing so out of a desire to help.
Criticism usually stings, even when it is helpful, and you don't need to process the feedback you get immediately.
Thank them for their time, then take a step back and revisit the advice that has been shared after a day or two.


