
        Drop requires JavaScript to work, but it is disabled in your web browser.Here are the instructions on how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.DropDropSIGN UPLOG IN
Help Center
Bug Bounty
Support
Privacy Policy
Privacy Shield Statement For EU and Swiss Personal Data
Terms &amp.
Conditions
Referral Rewards
Rewards Program
Terms of Service
These Terms and Conditions of Service ("Terms of Service") govern your membership on Drop.com and its associated mobile sites (the "Drop Sites" or the "Sites") and your purchases and use of products and services available through the Drop Sites.
The Drop Sites are operated by Massdrop, Inc.
and/or its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, "Drop").
Throughout the Site, the terms "we," "us" and "our" refer to Drop.
Drop offers this Site, including all information, tools and services available on this Site, to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of these Terms of Use.
Your continued use of this Site constitutes your agreement to these Terms of Use.
If you do not wish to be bound by these Terms of Use, please do not use this Site.
GENERAL
These Terms of Service have been executed and delivered by you and constitute a valid and binding agreement between you and Drop, enforceable against you in accordance with their terms.
You represent that you are (1) at least 18 years of age, (2) of legal age to form a binding contract, and (3) not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdiction.
You shall establish and use your membership on the Drop Sites, and purchase and use the products and services available through the Drop Sites, in strict compliance with these Terms of Service and all applicable laws, rules and regulations (collectively, "Laws").
All calls, emails and other communications between you and Drop may be recorded.
Licenses and Site Access
All content available through this Site (including, without limitation, text, design, graphics, logos, icons, images, audio clips, downloads, interfaces, code and software, as well as the selection and arrangement thereof) is the exclusive property of and owned by Drop, its licensors or its content providers, and is protected by copyright, trademark and other applicable U.S.
and foreign laws.
Drop grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this Site.
Unless indicated to the contrary, you may access, copy, download and print the content available on this Site for your personal, non-commercial use, provided you do not modify or delete any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices that appear in the content.
Drop or its licensors or content providers retain full and complete title to the content available on the Site, including all associated intellectual property rights, and provide this content to you under a license that is revocable at any time in Drop’s sole discretion.
Drop strictly prohibits any other use of any content available through the Site, including but not limited to:

any downloading, copying or other use of the content or the Site for purposes competitive to Drop or for the benefit of another vendor or any third party;
any caching or the framing of any content available on the Site;
any modification, distribution, transmission, performance, broadcast, publication, uploading, licensing, reverse engineering, transfer or sale of, or the creation of derivative works from, any content, products or services obtained from the Site that you do not have a right to make available (such as the intellectual property of another party);
any uploading, posting or transmitting of any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer;
using any hardware or software intended to surreptitiously intercept or otherwise obtain any information (such as system data or personal information) from the Site (including, but not limited to the use of any "scraping" or other data mining techniques, robots or similar data gathering and extraction tools).
or
any action that imposes or may impose (in Drop’s sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on Drop’s infrastructure, or damage or interfere with the proper working of our infrastructure.

You are responsible for obtaining access to the Site, and that access may involve third-party fees (such as Internet service provider or airtime charges).
In addition, you must provide and are responsible for all equipment necessary to access the Site.
You may not bypass any measures that have been implemented to prevent or restrict access to this Site.
Any unauthorized access to the Site by you (including any such access or use that involves in any way an account you may establish on the Site or any device you may use to access the Site) shall terminate the permission or license granted to you by Drop.
Drop reserves the right to refuse or cancel any person’s registration for this Site, remove any person from this Site and prohibit any person from using this Site for any reason whatsoever, and to limit or terminate your access to or use of the Site at any time without notice.
Drop neither warrants nor represents that your use of the content available on this Site will not infringe rights of third parties not affiliated with Drop.
Termination of your access or use will not waive or affect any other right or relief to which Drop may be entitled, at law or in equity.
LINKS
This Site may contain links to other websites or resources that are operated by third parties not affiliated with Drop.
These links are provided as a convenience to you and as an additional avenue of access to the information contained therein.
We are not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites or resources.
Inclusion of links to other sites or resources should not be viewed as an endorsement of the content of linked sites or resources.
Different terms and conditions and privacy policies may apply to your use of any linked sites or resources.
Drop is not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage, loss or liability caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with any use of or reliance on any such content, products or services available on or through any such linked site or resource.
Access to Password Protected Site Features
Access to and use of password-protected areas of the Site is restricted to authorized users only.
You are responsible for protecting your login credentials, including any password.
You agree that you will be responsible for any and all statements made, and acts or omissions that occur, through the use of your login credentials.
If you have any reason to believe or become aware of any loss, theft or unauthorized use of your login credentials, notify Drop immediately.
Drop may assume that any communications we receive from your email or other address, or communications that are associated with your login credentials or your account on this Site, have been made by you unless we receive notice indicating otherwise.
Electronic Communications
When you use the Site or send emails to Drop, you are communicating with Drop electronically.
You consent to receive electronically any communications related to your use of this Site.
Drop will communicate with you by email or by posting notices on this Site.
You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that are provided to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
All notices from Drop intended for receipt by a customer shall be deemed delivered and effective when sent to the email address you provide on any of the Drop Sites.
Indemnities
You will indemnify and hold harmless Drop from and against any and all fines, penalties, liabilities, losses and other damages of any kind whatsoever (including attorneys’ and experts’ fees), incurred by Drop and such parties, and shall defend Drop and such parties against any and all claims arising out of (1) your breach of these Terms and Use.
(2) your breach of the Terms of Service.
(3) fraud you commit, or your intentional misconduct or gross negligence.
or (4) your violation of any applicable U.S.
of foreign law or the rights of a third party.
Drop will control the defense of any claim to which this indemnity may apply, and in any event, you shall not settle any claim without the prior written approval of Drop.
Content You Submit
You acknowledge that you are responsible for any content you may submit through the Site, including the legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality and copyright of any such content.
You may not upload to, distribute or otherwise publish through this Site any content that:

is confidential, proprietary, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, infringing on intellectual property rights, unlawful, harmful, threatening, false, fraudulent, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, profane, abusive, harassing, hateful, racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable, including, but not limited to any content that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, violates the rights of any party or otherwise gives rise to civil liability or otherwise violates any applicable U.S.
of foreign laws;
may contain software viruses or malware;
contains advertisements or solicitations of any kind, or other commercial content;
is designed to impersonate others;
contains personal information (such as messages that include phone numbers, Social Security numbers, payment card numbers, account numbers, addresses or employer references), except where we expressly ask you to provide such information;
contains messages by non-spokesperson employees of Drop purporting to speak on behalf of Drop or containing confidential information or expressing opinions concerning Drop;
contains messages that offer unauthorized downloads of any copyrighted, confidential or private information;
contains multiple messages placed within individual folders by the same user restating the same point;
contains identical (or substantially similar) messages to multiple recipients advertising any product or service, expressing a political or other similar message, or any other type of unsolicited commercial message.
this prohibition includes but is not limited to (a) using the invitation functionality that may be available on the Site to send messages to people who do not know you or who are unlikely to recognize you as a known contact.
(b) using the Site to connect to people who do not know you and then sending unsolicited promotional messages to those direct connections without their permission.
or (c) sending messages to distribution lists, newsgroup aliases or group aliases.

Some features that may be available on this Site require registration.
By registering, you agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself.
With respect to any content you submit or make available through the Site (other than personal information, you grant Drop a perpetual, irrevocable, non-terminable, worldwide, royalty-free and non-exclusive license to use, copy, distribute, publicly display, modify, create derivative works, and sublicense such content or any part of such content, in any media.
You hereby represent, warrant and covenant that any content you provide does not include anything (including, but not limited to, text, images, music or video) to which you do not have the full right to grant such a license to Drop.
Affiliate Disclosure Statement
We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
When you click on these links and purchase products, the URL automatically includes an identifier that tells the retailer you discovered the link on Drop.
We then earn a small percentage of the purchase price as a referral fee.
Prices are exactly the same for you if your purchase is through an affiliate link or a non-affiliate link.
You will not pay more by clicking through to the link.
DATA INTEGRITY
You represent that all of the information, data and other materials you provide on this Site or to Drop through any other means are true, accurate, current and complete.
You are responsible for updating and correcting the information you have provided on this Site, as appropriate.
DROP MEMBERSHIP
You represent that all of the information, data and other materials you provide on this Site or to Drop through any other means are true, accurate, current and complete.
You are responsible for updating and correcting the information you have provided on this Site, as appropriate.
Establishing a Membership
You may establish membership on the Drop Sites.
At a minimum, enrollment requires you to (1) indicate agreement to these Terms of Service, (2) provide contact information and identification details, and (3) submit any other form of authentication required as part of the enrollment process, in Drop’s sole discretion.
You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, and for restricting access to your account.
Use of Membership
You shall not use your Drop membership for any purpose competitive to Drop.
Notify Drop Support immediately if any unauthorized use of your Drop membership or the Drop Sites known to you, whether by you or a third party.
Membership Termination
You may cancel your Drop membership at any time by contacting Drop Support.
Drop may terminate your membership and refuse any and all current or future use of the Drop Sites or other services, or any portion thereof, (1) in order to comply with applicable Law, (2) if you provide any information that Drop determines, in its sole discretion, to be untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete (or if the information becomes untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete), (3) if Drop determines, in its sole discretion, that you are using your Drop membership in a manner not permitted by these Terms of Service or the Terms of Use, or (4) in other circumstances, as Drop deems appropriate in its sole discretion.
PURCHASES
You represent that all of the information, data and other materials you provide on this Site or to Drop through any other means are true, accurate, current and complete.
You are responsible for updating and correcting the information you have provided on this Site, as appropriate.
Order Processing
Drop may, in its sole discretion, choose to not process or to cancel your order in certain circumstances.
This may occur, for example, when the product or service you wish to purchase is out of stock or has been mispriced, we suspect the request is fraudulent, or in other circumstances Drop deems appropriate in its sole discretion.
Drop also reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to take steps to verify your identity to process your order.
Drop will either not charge you or refund the charges for orders that we do not process or cancel.
Product and Service Descriptions
Drop strives to provide accurate descriptions of products and services on the Drop Sites.
Drop does not guarantee, however, that the descriptions are accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free.
If a product or service offered on the Drop Sites is not as described, your sole remedy is to return the item.
Cosmetic and Beauty
All material and information presented by Drop with respect to any cosmetic products are intended to be used for personal informational purposes only.
You may not sell or resell any products you purchase or otherwise receive from Drop.
While Drop has tried to accurately display the colors of products, the actual colors you see will depend on your monitor and monitor settings and may not be accurate.
Drop is not the manufacturer of the cosmetic products it sells and shall not be bound by any errors or omissions in posting product information or prices with respect to any products or services offered on the Site.
We rely on product descriptions furnished by manufacturers, wholesalers, and other third parties and all cosmetic and beauty products should be used strictly in accordance with their instructions, precautions and guidelines.
Use of the Site is not meant to serve as a substitute for professional medical advice.
The products promoted on the Site, including cosmetic products, are not intended for the diagnosis, cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease, and are not intended to affect the structure of or any function of the human body.
No prescription medications or medical treatments are intentionally provided on our Site nor do we proclaim that any statements made about products have been evaluated by the U.S.
Food and Drug Administration.
The results reported, if any, may not necessarily occur in all individuals.
Please consult with your own physician or health care practitioner regarding any suggestions and recommendations made on our Site or by any cosmetic manufacturer and always check the ingredients for products to avoid potential allergic reactions.
If any minor uses any goods or product from Drop it should be only after the legal or parental guardian has discussed the product with the minor's doctor.
IF YOU ARE IN NEED OF MEDICAL ATTENTION, CALL 911 OR YOUR PHYSICIAN IMMEDIATELY.
Pricing Information
Drop strives to provide accurate pricing information regarding the products and services available on the Drop Sites.
We cannot, however, insure against pricing errors.
Drop reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to not process or to cancel any orders placed for a product or service whose price was incorrectly posted on the site as a result of an error.
If this occurs, Drop will notify you by email.
In addition, Drop reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to correct any error in the stated full retail price.
RETURN POLICY
Free returns and exchanges are accepted within the US on select Drop-branded products.
US customers may return or exchange these items in new, unused condition within 30 days of delivery by contacting Drop Support.
Eligible products will have a “Free Returns &amp.
Exchanges” note at the bottom of the product listing page.
For all other products, we only offer returns/replacement for items that arrive damaged, defective, not as advertised, or missing components.
When third-party runs are completed, we submit the group's order to the vendor up front.
This is how we’re able to deliver the best value to our members and is also why all sales are final.
In the event that a product arrives damaged, defective, not as advertised, or missing components, please contact Drop Support.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT
These Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement of between you and Drop regarding the specific matters herein, and all prior agreements, letters, proposals, discussions and other documents regarding the matters herein are superseded and merged into these Terms of Service.
In the event there is a conflict between these Terms of Service and the Terms of Use with respect to the matters herein, these Terms of Service will control.
Site-Provided Email and Postings
The Site may provide users with the ability to send email messages to other users and non-users and to post messages on the Site.
Drop is under no obligation to review any content (including any messages) posted on or sent through the Site by users and assumes no responsibility or liability relating to any such content.
Drop, in its sole discretion, may monitor, not post or remove any such content.
SEVERABILITY
If any provision of these Terms of Service is deemed unenforceable, the enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, and such provision shall be deemed to be restated to reflect the parties’ original intentions as nearly as possible in accordance with applicable laws.
MODIFICATION OF TERMS OF SERVICE
You acknowledge and agree that Drop may, in its sole discretion, modify, add or remove any portion of these Terms of Service at any time and in any manner, including the terms of Drop membership, by posting revised Terms of Service on the Site.
You may not amend or modify these Terms of Service under any circumstances.
The current version of these Terms of Service is available at drop.com/terms.
It is your responsibility to check periodically for any changes we make to the Terms of Service.
Your continued use of this Site after any changes to the Terms of Service means you accept the changes.
EFFECT OF TERMINATION/SURVIVAL OF SELECTED PROVISIONS
Notwithstanding the expiration or earlier termination of your Drop membership, or any general legal principles to the contrary, any provision of these Terms of Service that impose or contemplate continuing obligations or rights of a party will survive expiration or termination of these Terms of Service.
EFFECTIVE DATE
January 21st, 2013 Drop© 2021 DropPrivacyTerms of UseAboutAbout DropAbout Drop StudioCareersContactDrop RefurbishedLike-new products you can trustCollaborate With UsFor Brands &amp.
DesignersDrop RewardsGet $5 for every 500 points you earn! Learn moreSupportCommunity GuidelinesHelp CenterSitemapFollow Drop






© 2021 DropPrivacyTerms of Use
      