
Dubox Privacy Policy
Posted: April 28, 2020
Effective: April 28, 2020
Thanks for using Dubox! Dubox is provided to you by Flextech Inc.
(“Flextech”, “we”, “our” or “us”).
We are committed to protecting your privacy.
This policy sets out how we collect, store, process, share and use your information when you use our websites, software, and services (“Services”).

WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AND WHY
The following table sets out the categories of your information that you submit to us when you use the Services and the purposes for which we may use that information. Your Information Purposes Account information.
The information in connection with your e-mail which you provide when you sign up for or log in to your account (If you use SNS account to sign up or log in, then we receive your nickname and profile picture data of SNS.).
We may use this information to identify you as the owner of the account and secure your account.
You may manage your information when you log in to your account.
User Materials.
The materials that you store in Dubox, such as files, documents, photos, video and audio (“User Materials”).
We may store, process, and transmit User Materials as well as information related to it to secure the appropriate operations of the Services and allow you to collaborate with others and work across multiple devices and services.
This related information includes your profile information, file sizes, date and time of upload and usage activity.
Usage information.
Information related to how you use the Services, including actions you take in your account like editing, viewing, creating and moving files or folders.
We may use this information to provide, improve, and promote the Services and to protect Dubox users.
Device information.
Information from and about the devices you use to access the Services, such as IP addresses, browser and device information, web pages visited before coming to Dubox, identifiers associated with your devices and, depending on your device settings, location information.
We may use this information to improve and protect our Services.
Cookies.
A small piece of text sent to your browser by the website when you visit Dubox.
You can set your browser to not accept cookies, but this may affect the functionality of the Services.
We may use cookies and similar technologies to provide, improve, protect and promote the Services.
Cookies enable us to remember your username between logins, understand your use of the Services and improve the Services based on that information.
Third-party service providers that we work with may also use cookies and similar technologies.
Contact information.
You can use the sharing function of Dubox to share your data and information with the contacts (mobile number, e-mail address) in your mobile phone address book, your specific or nonspecific social friends (such as Facebook, Twitter).
The address book information is personal sensitive information.
Refusal to provide this information will only make you unable to use the above functions, but will not affect your normal use of other functions of Dubox and related services.
You can choose to allow Dubox to access your contact information to facilitate some operations, such as sharing and working together to process your data with others, sending messages, and inviting others to use Dubox services by sending emails.
This operation requires you to enable address book permissions.
We will store this information on our servers for your use.
Please fully consider the credibility of the message receivers before sharing.
At the same time, we recommend that you check the privacy statements of the social networks or third-party service providers you use to understand how they handle your information in order to make prudent decisions.
The above information is collected for the purpose of providing the Services reliably and securely and for legitimate business purposes.
We or our partners will request your prior consent before processing your information for any other purpose.
Only on the condition that you visit and receive files or folders from other users who collaborate and share with you, such as a sharing link with access password for instance,We may read your clipboard to ensure that you can access the shared stuff conveniently and quickly.We will never read your clipboard in any other purpose.
THIRD PARTIES WE MAY SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH
We may use third parties, such as providers of customer support and IT services.
These third parties help us to better provide, improve, protect and promote the Services.
These third parties may access your information to perform the work we assign to them.
In such cases, we will remain responsible for their conduct with respect to your information at our request.

We may share infrastructure, systems, and technology with the affiliated companies of Flextech to provide, improve, protect, and promote the Services.
These affiliated companies will use your information jointly with us and will use your information listed in the section titled “WAHT INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AND WHY” for the purposes described therein.
We are responsible for these companies’ use of your information.
You may have the option of connecting to your Dubox account via a third-party service.
By connecting through such a service, you are allowing those third and us parties to exchange your information listed in the section titled “WAHT INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AND WHY” in this Privacy Policy so that those third parties and us can provide, improve, protect and promote their services.
In these cases, the use of your information will be governed by the privacy policies and terms of service set out by those third-party services through which you choose to connect.
You agree that we may disclose your information to third parties to the extent that we determine it is reasonably necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal proceeding or government demand or to prevent death or serious bodily injury.
HOW WE SECURE AND RETAINE YOUR INFORMATION
We have a team dedicated to keeping your information secure and testing for vulnerabilities.
We continue to work on features to keep your information safe in addition to things like two-factor authentication, encryption of files at rest, and alerts when new devices and apps are linked to your account.
We deploy automated technologies to detect abusive behavior and content that may harm our Services, you, or other users.
When you register for a Dubox account, we will retain the information you store on our Services for as long as your account exists or as long as we need it to provide you the Services.
To delete your account, please email Dubox100@gmail.com to start deletion of your information, which we will complete 30 days after receipt of your request.
provided, however, that: (1) we will not delete, or take any step towards deleting, your account information until your user identity is verified.
(2) there may be a delay in deletion from our servers and back-up storage and (3) we may retain this information if necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or enforce our rights under contracts.
WHERE WE STORE AND PROCSS YOUR INFORMATION
In providing the Services, we may store, process, and transmit your information in Japan, and you consent to such provision of your information.
Your information may also be stored locally on the devices you use to access the Services.
HOW YOU CAN CONTROL AND ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION
You may view, change, download or delete your information from your Dubox account.

You have control over your retained personal information under Personal Information Protection Act of Japan (“Retained Personal Information”) and how it is collected, used, and shared.
For example, you may:

Request to disclose Retained Personal Information that can identify you.
Request to make a correction, addition or deletion in regard to the contents of Retained Personal Information when the contents of such Retained Personal Information that can identify the individual are not factual.
Request to erase, or cease to use, your Retained Personal Information without undue delay if your Retained Personal Information has been obtained by us illegally or we are using your Retained Personal Information.
Request to stop provision of your Retained Personal Information without undue delay if your Retained Personal Information is being provided to a third party by us illegally.

If you would like to exercise one of these rights, please contact us at helpdesk@flextech.co.jp
CHANGES
In the event of a reorganization, merger or acquisition of Flextech or a sale of our assets, your information may be transferred to the surviving entity, acquiror or successor in such transaction.
We will notify you (for example, via a message to the email address associated with your account) of any such deal and outline your choices in that event.
This Privacy Policy may be revised from time to time.
We will post the most current version on the Dubox website.
If any such revision materially affects your rights, we will notify you.
CONTACT
If you have any questions or concerns about Dubox, our Services, and privacy, please contact us at helpdesk@flextech.co.jp
