
Before deciding to purchase any of the plans offered by DupliChecker PRO, the users are advised to thoroughly go through the refund policy given below.
In case of dissatisfaction with the quality of service or the plan purchased, customers can claim a refund.
Return
The customers who wish to return their purchased plan can claim for a refund within 30 days of purchase or subscription.
The resources given in the plans by DupliChecker PRO must remain unused, or a major proportion of the plan shouldn’t be utilized in order to claim for return.

Refund Process
You can place a request for a refund by using the Contact Us form of DupliChecker Pro.
In the Contact Us form, write down “refund my plan” in its subject field.
Our support team will respond to you as soon as it receives your request.
Refund
DupliChecker Pro will assess the plan you are returning and check the number of queries you have already consumed.
If your request for a refund is eligible, your payment will be returned back within 5 to 7 working days.
You can claim a refund within 30 days.
After 30 days Duplichecker.com will not be responsible for the any refund or dispute.

Repayment Conditions
The history of the plan’s consumption is analyzed by our team to check the proportion of the plan which has been utilized.
Your plan’s consumption will decide how much amount you’ll get in the refund.
We will deduct the consumption amount and the bank charges from the actual payment.
We will return your payment to the same channel through which it was arrived.
In case of any other query related to our refund policy, feel free to contact us using the contact us form.
We will respond to your queries as quickly as possible.
Manual Cancellation
The users who want to unsubscribe or cancel their order have to go through the cancellation process of DupliChecker Pro.
The options to cancel the subscription plans include:


The subscribers can cancel their subscribed plan from their profile.


The users can also contact us to cancel their subscription.
In this condition, it usually takes 2-3 business days to process the cancellation.


Cancellation of Service
DupliChecker Pro reserves the right to cancel the subscription plan of any user under the following circumstances:


The user has violated the terms and conditions of DupliChecker Pro.


The user failed to follow the usage patterns established by DupliChecker Pro.


The user has taken action or attempted to infect the reputation of DupliChecker Pro.


DupliChecker Pro has received complaints against a user from law enforcement agencies for abusing rules and regulations.


