
        Our website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience.
By continuing to use our website, you consent to our use of cookies.
Learn moreGot it! Home
/Privacy Policy Privacy Policy 
Effective Date: 15 September, 2019

Humblefox Limited ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://earnably.com website ("Earnably" or the "Service").
We are a private limited company (Company Number 10027999) whose registered address is at 20-22 Wenlock Road, London, England, N1 7GU.
We are registered with the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) and our registration number is ZA292011.
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service.
By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service.
Definitions

Service

Service is the https://earnably.com website operated by Humblefox Limited.

Personal Data

Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

Usage Data

Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

Cookies

Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).

Data Controller

Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.

Data Processors (or "Service Providers")

Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.

Data Subject (or "User")

Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

Personal Data

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data").
Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

Username
Email address
Mobile phone number
Payment information
Cookies and Usage Data

We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you.
You may opt-out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link in any email we send you or within My Account &gt.
Email Preferences.

Usage Data

We may also collect information on how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data").
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g.
IP address), location, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

Cookies Data

We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier.
Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device.
Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
For further information on how we use cookies (including how to disable them), please refer to our Cookies Policy.
Use of Data
We use the collected data for various purposes:

To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To send transactional emails and/or text messages
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To keep our Service safe and secure
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To personalise your experience with ad networks or advertisers who advertise on our website and whose service you interact with.
These ad networks or advertisers may also collect non-identifiable information relating to you such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g.
IP address), location, browser type, browser version and your interaction with their service
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information

Your username may be visible to other users or visitors of our Service.
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
We may process your Personal Data because:

We need to perform a contract with you
You have given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it is not overridden by your rights
To comply with the law

Retention of Data
We will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
We will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes.
Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer periods.
Transfer of Data
We use data hosting service providers in the United States to store and process the information we collect, and we use technical measures to secure your data.
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
We will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
We may disclose your data to any member of our group (which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries) and other companies which may be added to our group from time to time.
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred.
We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g.
a court or a government agency).
We may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend our rights or property
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability

Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Our Policy on "Do Not Track" Signals under the California Online Protection Act (CalOPPA)
We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT").
Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
For more information, please refer to your web browser's documentation or https://allaboutdnt.com.
Your Data Protection Rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights.
We aim to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed about what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us by email at help@earnably.com.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:


The right to access, update or delete the information we have on you.

Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within My Account.
If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.

The right of rectification.

You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.

The right to object.

You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.

The right of restriction.

You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.

The right to data portability.

You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.

The right to withdraw consent.

You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where we relied on your consent to process your personal information.

Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data.
For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals ("Service Providers") to facilitate our Service, provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analysing how our Service is used.
These third-parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.


Google Analytics

Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service.
This data is shared with other Google services.
Google may use the collected data to contextualise and personalise the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page at https://policies.google.com/privacy.

Google AdSense DoubleClick Cookie

Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service.
Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Service or other websites on the Internet.
You may opt-out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings web page at http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/.

Google Cloud

When you contact us via email or message, we may use Cloud Translation services to detect the language of your message and to automatically translate it if appropriate.
Google does not use this data for any other purpose.
refer to the Google Cloud Data Usage FAQ for more information.

Amazon Web Services

We store your data in data centers located in the United States provided by Amazon Web Services ("AWS").
We also use Amazon Web Services to send transactional/promotional emails and text messages.
we may share your Personal Data for these purposes.

PayPal

We share the PayPal email address that you provide to us with PayPal to process your payments.
You may review PayPal's Privacy Policy for more information on how your information is used.

Tango Card

We share your email address with Tango Card to deliver your electronic gift cards.
You may review Tango Card's Privacy Notice for more information on how your Personal Data is used.

MaxMind

We use MaxMind to provide us with IP intelligence, geolocation and fraud prevention services.
MaxMind automatically collects information about your device and how your device interacts with our Service.
You may review MaxMind's Privacy Policy for more information on how this information is collected and how cookies are used.

GetIPIntel

Your computer's Internet Protocol address ("IP address") is provided to GetIPIntel to assist in detecting fraud.
You may review their Privacy Policy for more information on how your information is used.

HelpScout

We use HelpScout to provide you with customer support.
HelpScout, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies on our Service.
The beacon_docs_session_id cookie stores an ID that is unique to the visitor's session.
The beacon_docs_visit cookie stores a date that is used to record visits within the session.
Both of these IDs are then used server-side to track article views and search queries that happen during the session.
You may review HelpScout's Privacy Policy for more information on how your information is used.

Gravatar

An anonymised string generated from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it.
Your Gravatar image may be visible to other users of our Service.
You may review Gravatar's Privacy Policy for more information on how this information is used.

Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by us.
If you click a third-party link, you will be directed to that third-party's website.
We have no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites or services.
You further acknowledge and agree that we shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such websites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party websites or services that you visit.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18.
If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us by email at help@earnably.com.
If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes
We may revise our Privacy Policy from time to time and we advise you to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
We will notify you via email and/or a prominent notice on our website prior to any material changes becoming effective.
What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
If you do not agree with any changes to this Privacy Policy, you must stop using the Service immediately.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at help@earnably.com.
© 2015-2021 Earnably
All product and company names are trademarks™ or registered® trademarks of their respective holders.
Use of them does not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by them. Support
Get Help
Check Status
Give Feedback Policies
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy Community

Facebook

Twitter

Instagram Closecross-small
      