
        Our website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience.
By continuing to use our website, you consent to our use of cookies.
Learn moreGot it! Home
/Cookies Policy Cookies Policy 
Effective Date: 15 September, 2019

Humblefox Limited ("us", "we" or "our") uses cookies on https://earnably.com ("Earnably" or the "Service").
By using the Service, you consent to the use of cookies.

Our Cookies Policy explains what cookies are, how we use cookies, how third-parties we may partner with may use cookies on the Service, your choices regarding cookies and further information about cookies.
What Are Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of text sent to your web browser by a website you visit.
A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the Service or a third-party to recognise you and make your next visit easier and the Service more useful to you.
Cookies can be "persistent" or "session" cookies.
Persistent cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when you go offline, while session cookies are deleted as soon as you close your web browser.
For more general information on cookies and how to disable them, please consult the information at http://www.allaboutcookies.org.

How We Use Cookies
We use both session and persistent cookies for the following purposes:

To personalise our Service, such as remembering a user's information or preferences.
To authenticate users and prevent fraudulent or unauthorised use of user accounts.
To collect aggregate site usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages viewed.
To monitor and operate third-party advertising campaigns.
To operate referral and/or affiliate programmes.

Third-Party Cookies
We use cookies from the following third-parties:


Google Analytics

Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service.
This data is shared with other Google services.
Google may use the collected data to contextualise and personalise the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page at https://policies.google.com/privacy.

Google AdSense

Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service.
Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Service or other websites on the Internet.
You may opt-out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings web page at http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/.

MaxMind

We use MaxMind to provide us with IP intelligence and fraud detection services.
MaxMind automatically collects information about your device and how your device interacts with our Service.
You may review MaxMind's Privacy Policy for more information on how this information is collected and how cookies are used.

HelpScout

We use HelpScout to provide you with customer support.
HelpScout, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies on our Service.
The beacon_docs_session_id cookie stores an ID that is unique to the visitor's session.
The beacon_docs_visit cookie stores a date that is used to record visits within the session.
Both of these IDs are then used server-side to track article views and search queries that happen during the session.
For more information, please review HelpScout's Privacy Policy.

Third-party affiliates or ad networks who are delivering services or operating features on our behalf may set cookies and/or other similar technologies, such as tracking GIFs, web beacons, pixel codes and in-app IDs to deliver relevant ads to you and to assist in tracking and crediting for participating in advertising campaigns.
Disabling Cookies
You can choose whether you wish to accept cookies or not within your web browser.
For instructions on how to delete or refuse cookies, please refer to your web browser's documentation.
If you delete or refuse cookies on our website, you may be unable to access certain areas of our website and certain features may not work as expected.
For more information, please refer to https://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/.
© 2015-2021 Earnably
All product and company names are trademarks™ or registered® trademarks of their respective holders.
Use of them does not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by them. Support
Get Help
Check Status
Give Feedback Policies
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy Community

Facebook

Twitter

Instagram Closecross-small
      