
         Privacy Policy Your privacy is very important to us.
Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information obtained from users of the web site.
The following outlines our privacy policy.

Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other related purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We only will retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of specified
We will collect personal information only by lawful means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Collected personal data will be restricted to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, as accurate, complete, and up-to-date as possible.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will comply with all applicable provisions of the
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act
 of 1996 (HIPAA) as may pertain to information collected from users of our website.
We will make readily available information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information obtained from users of our web site.

We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected.


Note to our website visitors: ERC Pathlight does NOT collect your personal information while you visit our website.&nbsp.
We NEVER share or sell your personal information to a third party of any nature.&nbsp.
We take your privacy rights very seriously, and we do not discriminate in any way against an individual who asks about ERC Pathlight's compliance with data privacy rules, including CCPA.&nbsp.
The only time we collect your personal information is if you make the decision to contact ERC Pathlight via phone, webform or email and inquire about our services.  

