



 Videos 
 Galleries 
 Newest 
 Popular 
 Articles 
 Gaming 
 More 
 SPICY 
 Contests 
 Pictures 
 Games 
 Soundboards 


 Gaming 
 Audio 
 Jokes 
 Blogs 
 Animation 


 Creepy 
 Wtf 
 Eww 
 Facepalm 
 Ouch 


 Funny 
 Feels 
 Ftw 
 Wow 
 Categories 


 Sign In Sign Up 
 Upload 
 Search Search 
 Top Notification of Copyright Infringement.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
 ebaumsworld.com is an Online Service Provider under Title II of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C.
Section 512 (“DMCA”).
ebaumsworld.com respects the legitimate rights of copyright owners, expects its users to do the same, and has adopted an efficient notice and take down procedure as required by the DMCA and described herein.
This policy is intended to guide copyright owners in utilizing that procedure, and also to guide users and webmasters in restoring access to websites or content that are disabled due to a mistake.


Notice to Owners of Copyrighted Works.

 If you are a copyright owner, authorized to act on behalf of one, or authorized to act under any exclusive right under copyright, please report alleged copyright infringements taking place on or through the ebaumsworld.com site by completing the following notice (“Notice”) and delivering it to ebaumsworld.com’s Designated Copyright Agent.

DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement.
 A proper DMCA Notice will notify ebaumsworld.com of particular facts in a document signed under penalty of perjury and delivered to ebaumsworld.com’s Designated Agent.
To write a proper Notice, you must provide the following information, which list comes directly from the DMCA statute:

· A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.


· Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single Notification, a representative list of such works at that site.

· Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material.

· Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.

· A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law.

· A statement that the information in the Notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

When filing an infringement claim, please include any URLs identifying the allegedly infringing material along with any other information that might assist the ebaumsworld.com Agent’s investigation of your claim.


If the material originates from another website and you believe that ebaumsworld.com has cached that material, then confirm any of the following that apply:

· The material has been removed from the originating site.


· access to the material on the originating site has been disabled;

· a court has ordered that the material be removed from the originating site.
and/or

· a court has ordered that access to the material on the originating site be disabled.

Failure to include all of the above information may result in a delay in processing the DMCA Notification.
If you materially misrepresent that any material infringes your copyright interest, you may be liable for damages, including court costs and attorneys’ fees, and could be subject to criminal prosecution for perjury.


Deliver this Notice with all items completed to ebaumsworld.com’s Designated Copyright Agent:

By mail:
 Viumbe, LLC 61 Greenpoint Ave Suite 101 Brooklyn, NY 11222



By email: legal@ebaumsworld.com

Phone: 347-294-4750

Upon receipt of a valid claim ebaumsworld.com will follow the procedures provided in the DMCA which prescribe a notice and take down procedure, subject to the user’s or webmaster’s right to submit a Counter-Notification claiming lawful use of the disabled works.
ebaumsworld.com will have the disputed material removed from public view.
ebaumsworld.com will also notify the user or webmaster who posted the allegedly infringing material that has been removed or disable access to that material.

 How to Make a Counter-Notification.
 If you are a ebaumsworld.com user or webmaster and you feel that the material you have placed online that has been removed following an infringement complaint Notification is in fact not an infringement, you may file a Counter-Notification.
Section 512(g)(3) of the DMCA requires that to be valid, the Counter-Notification must be written and addressed to our Copyright Agent and must provide the following information taken from the statute:

· A physical or electronic signature.

· Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled.

· A statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled.

· Your name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the addressee is located, or if your address is outside the United States, for any judicial district in which you may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided Notification under Subsection (c)(1)(C) or an agent of such person.

· Our Designated Agent will present your Counter-Notification to the person who filed the infringement complaint Notice.
Once your Counter-Notification has been delivered, ebaumsworld.com is allowed under the provisions of Section 512 to restore the removed material in not less than ten or more than fourteen days, unless the complaining party serves notice of intent to obtain a court order restraining the restoration

Repeat Infringers It is ebaumsworld.com’s policy to terminate users or webmasters who are found to be repeat infringers.
Further, ebaumsworld.com has the discretion to handle non-compliant Notices in whatever manner appears to be reasonable under the given circumstances.



Work with us!


 Top 5 
Today
7 Days
30 Days


 24 Times ‘Cringe’ Was an Absolute Understatement 18,989 Views 
 25 Things People Can't Prove, But Believe in Their Bones To Be True 13,088 Views 
 20 Hollywood Stars in Their Prime Vs Today 12,717 Views 
 25 Great Movie Franchises Ruined By Crappy Sequels 11,336 Views 
 19 Life Hacks That Could Help You Out in a Pinch 11,196 Views 




 Contest Winner 
 GTM 
 Congrats! Duck Uploaded 06/17/2021 
 Submissions (16) 
 23k Views 
 View All Contests 












 Get our free newsletter Amazing new updates! 


 Advertisement 


Notifications
Advertising
Privacy
Terms
DMCA
Contact
 If you are the original creator of material featured on this website and want it removed, please contact the webmaster.
 Copyright © 1998-2021 Viumbe, LLC 
      