
         Public Website Privacy Policy 
Date of last revision of this Policy: September 2nd, 2021


Edsby believes the foundation of any relationship is based on trust and transparency.
This Public Website Privacy Policy enables you to better understand how Edsby collects, uses, discloses, stores and protects your information via our public Website.
Providing appropriate ways to safeguard your personal information is of utmost importance to us as is your privacy.
1.0 What Does This Policy Apply To?
This Policy applies to visitors of our public website (www.edsby.com) (“Website”).&nbsp.
The Public Website Privacy Policy does not apply to Edsby products, services, software or application (collectively, “Services”) used by students, parents, teachers and administrators, which is covered in the 
Services Privacy Policy
.&nbsp.


Edsby’s public Website, operated by CoreFour Inc.
(“we”, “us”, or “our”), may collect Website visitor’s Personal Information, including those of clients or prospective clients, all referred to in this Public Website Privacy Policy as “you” or “your”.

Other Links:

Our public Website contains links to other websites and services that we do not own or operate.
By clicking on those links, you will leave our Website.
Those third-party websites and services are governed by separate and independent privacy policies, which we recommend you read carefully.

“Personal Information” is any information provided to us or generated within the public Website that personally identifies an individual, such as name or email address, or other information which could be reasonably linked to such identifying information.
Personal Information does not include de-identified information (i.e., information that does not identify you) such as usage data.
2.0 How We Collect Your Personal Information?
Personal Information You Voluntarily Provide To Us
You may voluntarily provide us with Personal Information, such as your name, email address, phone number and company name, when you subscribe to our mailing list, fill in a sales lead form, make an inquiry or respond to an offer on our public Website.
Information We Automatically Collect
Like most websites, when you visit our public Website, we may receive information about your visit and interaction with our Website.
Although most of the information we collect is non-identifiable and aggregated usage data, such as how many individuals visited our Website, peak hours of visits, and page(s) viewed, we may also collect your Internal Protocol (“IP”) address along with other data from vetted third party tools.
We collect this information through the use of cookies, pixel tags and similar technologies.
To learn more about how we collect this information, please see Section 9.0 (What Are Cookies?).
3.0 How We Use Your Information?
To Respond To Your Communications
We respond to inquiries, comments, feedback or questions when you fill out an online form on our Website.
We may also use your contact information to send you notices about changes to our terms, conditions and policies.
To Engage In Marketing Or Promotional Activities
We may use your contact information to send you promotional or product update materials if we think they would be of interest to you.
If your information identifies you as a K-12 school district or other likely educational institution decision maker or influencer for which the Edsby service would be suitable, and your interactions with our marketing materials suggest interest in Edsby, you may receive individualized outreach from us, such as a telephone call or personalized email from a sales representative.
Our marketing emails always include an “unsubscribe” link so that you can opt out of receiving marketing emails from Edsby.
You can also email us at privacy@edsby.com to opt out of receiving promotional emails.
We will obtain your consent before sending you marketing communications if required to do so by applicable laws.
To Develop And Improve Our Website
We collect usage information about how Website visitors enter and navigate our Website that helps inform optimizations to its marketing content.
We collect this information through cookies and other similar technologies.
See Section 9.0 for more information and details on how to disable cookies.
4.0 To Whom Do We Disclose/Transfer Your Personal Information?
We do not sell your Personal Information or the content you provide to us.
There are certain circumstances in which we may disclose, transfer or share your Personal Information with third parties,&nbsp.
such as:

To perform functions on our behalf;
To assist us in developing our Website;
To assist us in marketing services;
To provide us with analytics and insights;
To subsidiaries or affiliated companies in the event of a merger or acquisition, or a due diligence process as part of a transaction.
and
If required to comply with relevant laws or respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us or to protect/defend our company’s rights, clients, or Website visitors.

If we need to disclose your Personal Information for any other purpose, other than those listed above, we will first seek your consent to do so.
We limit who we share your Personal Information with.
We also limit what information we share and how third parties may use, access, process or store such information in the course of performing their duties for us.
5.0 How Do We Protect Your Information?
We are committed to protecting your Personal Information.
Edsby employs a variety of physical, administrative, and technical safeguards designed to protect Personal Information against loss, misuse and unauthorized access or disclosure.
We also restrict access to Personal Information to Edsby staff who need to know that information for the purpose set out in this Policy and ensuring those staff acknowledge confidentiality.
We retain Personal Information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, in accordance with contractual terms, or as is permitted or required under applicable laws.
6.0 What Are Your Choices?
It is your choice whether you provide us with your Personal Information.
However, if you choose not to provide information that is required to process your requests or use features of our Website, we may be unable to process your requests, or you may be unable to use those features that require the information to function.
You have rights and choices as it relates to your Personal Information.
Those include:

The right to access and/or correct your Personal Information, which we collected on our Website or via our Services.
You may access, update or correct your Personal Information and exercise your rights by emailing us at privacy@edsby.com or using the contact information below.
We will consider and respond to all requests per applicable laws.
The right to opt out of marketing communication from us either by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link on promotional or sales emails or by contacting us.
The right to withdraw your consent for us to use your Personal Information.
Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted before your withdrawal or the processing of your Personal Information for any other lawful grounds other than consent.
You may disable cookies at any time to prevent information collection and tracking.
Please see Section 9.0 for more information.

When we receive a request from you to exercise your right, we will verify your identity by matching the identifying information you provide to us with the Personal Information we have about you.
7.0 Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect information on our public Website from children (as defined in your jurisdiction).
If you are a parent or guardian who believes that we have inadvertently collected Personal Information from your child without proper consent, please contact us at privacy@edsby.com and we will immediately investigate and delete any such information.
To find out more about how we process children’s Personal Information through our Services, please visit the Services Privacy Policy.
8.0 Do We Transfer Your Information Internationally?
We generally store and process your Personal Information in the country in which we collect your Personal Information.
From time to time, we may need to transfer your Personal Information to another country where Edsby or authorized third parties operate.
These countries may not necessarily have data protection laws as comprehensive or protective as those in your country of residence.
however, when we transfer your Personal Information in this manner across country borders, we implement adequate measures for its protection and for compliance with applicable laws.
9.0 Cookies and Similar Technologies
Our public Website, like most other websites, uses cookies and similar technologies.
“Cookies” are small text files installed on your computer hard drive or web browser when you visit or use our Website.
Most browsers accept cookies by default.
What information do we collect using cookies?
Most cookies collect information that is not identifiable to you.
They help us collect information so we can better understand how you access our Website and therefore improve the design, layout, and content of our Website.
They also remember visitor preferences, such as language preferences, so that the user can have a better experience.
Some cookies on our public Website are set by us (i.e., first-party cookies) and some cookies are set by third parties (i.e., third-party cookies), such as Bablic for managing translated versions of our Website, FlowXO for automated user support chats on our public website, and LeadFWD for tracking whether you have filled in one of our Website forms, and if so, what subsequent interactions you have had with our marketing content.
We also use Google Analytics to measure traffic or Remarketing with Analytics to deliver Edsby-related ads to you on websites in Google’s Remarketing network.
To learn more about how Google Analytics collects and uses data, as well as how you can control information sent to Google, please visit this Google site.
To learn more about cookies, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
How can you manage cookies?
Although most browsers accept cookies, you can set your browser to reject cookies.
You will need to follow the instructions contained in your browser’s help file (usually located within the “Help,” “Tools,” or “Edit” settings).
If you have more than one browser, the opt-out or settings you set will only apply to that specific browser and not the others.
If you choose to disable cookies, some of the features and services on our Website might not function properly.
10.0 Changes To This Privacy Policy
Edsby reserves the right to modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect the changes in our business and practices.
When we change the Policy we will reflect the ‘last modified’ date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
11.0 How To Contact Us?
You may contact us at privacy@edsby.com with any questions or concerns you have related to your Personal Information.
We may also be reached as follows:
68B Leek Crescent, Suite 200
Richmond Hill, Ontario
L4B 1H1
Canada
+1 (877) 337-0070
