
In furtherance of our commitment to outstanding service and complete transparency with regard to all aspects of our use, sharing, and collection of all data relating to users of our services, eFundraising Connections, LLC ("eFundraising," "we," "us" or "our") makes this Privacy Policy available on this website (the "Site") relating to our online contribution processing services and all related software made available by, and used in connection with, eFundraising (collectively referred to herein as the "Platform").
By accessing or using the Platform, you consent to eFundraising's collection, use, storage, disclosure, and deletion of any data and information relating to you in a manner consistent with, and compliant with, this Privacy Policy. eFundraising Data Collection and Use "Personal Information" means and consists of any information that can be used to identify and/or contact you.
You may be required to submit personal information to access certain aspects of the Platform.
We collect personal information when you create a user account, and when you contribute a donation through the Platform.
Information collected when you form your user account may include your name, phone number, physical address, email address, occupation, and employer ("Identifying Information").
Additional information collected at the time you contribute a donation may include the recipient of your donation(s), the amount donated, and the date and time of your donation(s) ("Donation Information").
To facilitate your donation transaction, we may collect and store your bank information (including institution, account number, and routing number) and/or credit card information (including the type of card, card number, expiration date, and code) ("Financial Information").
We also may collect data consisting of your password, Internet Protocol ("IP") address, the type of browser you used, and the amount of time you spent using the Platform ("Log Information").
We preserve communications between you and us, as well as your activity within the Platform.
We keep your communications with us confidential, except as may be necessary for regulatory and legal compliance purposes, to enforce the Terms of Use of our Platform, or as otherwise may be required by law.
All information and data collected by eFundraising is stored in a secure environment.
By providing Personal Information and other data to us through the Platform, you authorize us to share your Personal Information and other data, including Identifying Information, Donation Information, and User Data, solely for the purposes identified herein or as otherwise disclosed to you in the course of your use of the Platform.
We will never share your Log Information or your Financial Information except as may be necessary for regulatory and legal compliance purposes, to enforce the Terms of Use of our Platform, or as otherwise may be required by law. Cookies "Cookies" is a colloquial term that customarily refers to small amounts of electronic information that websites send to visitors' browsers, which are stored on the visitor's hard drive.
The Site, like most websites, uses Cookies for your convenience to enable us to improve and enhance your online experience.
for example, by reducing loading time, and to store your login name and password.
Our Site's Cookies do not contain personally identifying information or otherwise compromise your security or online anonymity.
Your access to the Platform is not contingent upon your agreement to accept Cookies.
You may configure your browser such that it does not accept Cookies, and you will still be able to use the Platform.
However, if your browser is not configured such that it does not accept Cookies, the Site will automatically employ Cookies for your convenience and to enhance your online experience, as described herein.
eFundraising does not control the use of Cookies by any third party, including any third party whose website may be linked from this Site, can provide no assurances or guarantees concerning any Cookies employed by any third party, and is not responsible for any such Cookies. Your Identifying Information and Donation Information The Identifying Information you provide to us allows us to communicate with you, and enables us to provide the Platform to you for your use and convenience.
This includes verifying your identity, processing, collecting, and distributing your contributions, compliance with legal requirements relating to political donations, providing excellent customer service and responding to questions or issues, and notifying you of information, contribution opportunities, general announcements, messages, or updates to the Platform that may be of interest to you based on your activity on the Platform.
We may share your Identifying Information and/or Donation Information with other organizations or individuals interested in notifying you of contribution opportunities or other information that might be of interest to you based on your activity on the Platform.
We may also develop and create analytical and statistical analysis tools or databases by aggregating your Identifying Information and/or Donation Information with that of other users.
You grant us a royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable and fully transferable right and license to use your Identifying Information and/or Donation Information as described herein, whether independently or for analytical and statistical analysis tools using information we collect in providing the Platform (the "Data").
We may make commercial use of the Data, including, without limitation, sharing the Data with third parties.
We may also share any of your personal information with state and other governmental authorities as necessary for regulatory and legal compliance purposes, depending on your local jurisdiction and/or the local jurisdiction of the campaign(s) to which you contribute.
Except as provided herein, we do not share your Identifying Information or Donation Information except as may be necessary for regulatory and legal compliance purposes, to enforce the Terms of Use of our Platform, or as otherwise may be required by law. Your Financial Information We may collect and store your bank information (including institution, account number, and routing number) and/or credit card information (including the type of card, card number, expiration date, and code) for the sole purpose of facilitating and processing any financial transactions initiated by you on the Platform.
We will never share your Financial Information except as may be necessary for regulatory and legal compliance purposes or as otherwise may be required by law. Your Log Information We automatically record certain Log Information whenever you visit the Site or use the Platform, and may also record certain Log Information as part of the process of engaging in any electronic communications with you.
We may use this information for internal analytics purposes to enhance our customer service and to the Platform.
We will never share your Log Information except as may be necessary for regulatory and legal compliance purposes, to enforce the Terms of Use of our Platform, or as otherwise may be required by law. Other Circumstances That May Impact Your Information and Data eFundraising may share your personal information with our third-party vendors and other service providers solely for the purpose of providing their services to us.
This may include partnering with other companies to compile, process, analyze, and/or store your personal information and data.
Where applicable, we require and expect all such service providers and vendors to handle your personal information and data confidentially in a manner consistent with the terms of this Privacy Policy, to keep such personal information and data secure.
We do not allow such service providers or vendors to use or disseminate any personal information for purposes other than providing their services to us.
In the event eFundraising is involved in a merger or acquisition transaction by which most or all of the assets of eFundraising are acquired by another entity, the personal information and data described herein may be included among the assets transferred in the transaction.
Under such circumstances, eFundraising will make commercially reasonable efforts to provide you with notice of the transaction and advise you with regard to how the transaction is anticipated to impact the privacy and security of your personal information and data, if at all. Your Control Over Your Information and Data If you wish to delete your personal information and/or data from our files at any time, you may send a request directly to privacy@efundraisingconnections.com and a representative will work with you to remove any personal information and/or data from our files that you wish for us to remove.
Please note, however, that certain functionalities of the Platform may not be available if we are unable to collect, retain, access, and use your personal information and data in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
If you wish to modify or correct your personal information and/or data at any time, you may send a request directly to privacy@efundraisingconnections.com and a representative will work with you to implement any appropriate corrections.
You may modify your account preferences for the Platform by accessing the interface provided through the Platform.
However, if you disable your account, we will keep your contact information on file, and may retain other personal information and/or data for internal account management, fraud prevention activities, and for regulatory and legal compliance purposes or as otherwise may be required by law. Dispute Resolution You agree that, in the event any dispute or claim arises out of or relating to this Privacy Policy, you and eFundraising will attempt in good faith to negotiate a written resolution of the matter directly between the parties.
You agree that if the matter remains unresolved for forty-five (45) days after notification (via certified mail or personal delivery) that a dispute exists, you agree to resolve the dispute through binding arbitration in Sacramento, California. Notice of Changes This Privacy Policy may change from time to time.
All changes will be posted on the Site and/or the Platform.
We value your feedback regarding this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or any other policies or practices of eFundraising pertaining to personal information or data collection, storage, sharing, or use, please contact us by email at privacy@efundraisingconnections.com.
