
Effective Date: January 1, 2020
This Cookie Statement (the "Cookie Statement" or "Statement") explains how Elasticsearch, Inc.
and its subsidiaries and affiliates ("Elastic," "we," "us" and "our") use cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies (collectively "Automatic Data Collection Tools") when you visit, interact with or use any of our websites, social media pages, online advertisements, marketing communications (our "Online Properties").
This Statement explains these technologies and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them.

We may also use Automatic Data Collection Tools to collect, use and share information in connection with the use of our products and services but this Cookie Statement does not cover that use.

For details regarding the Automatic Data Collection Tools we use in connection with our products and services, see Elastic's Product Privacy Statement.

Cookies We UseOther Automatic Data Collection ToolsYour Options to Control our Use of Cookies/Automatic Data Collection ToolsOther InformationHow to Contact UsCookies We Use

When you visit any Elastic online property, we may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies.
We use the following types of cookies: 


Strictly Necessary: These cookies are essential for our websites and their features to work and for us to provide services that depend on our websites and these features (e.g., to remember cookie permission settings, session logins, etc.).

Convenience and Personalization: These cookies enable us to remember the choices you make on our properties (such as your preferred language or your region) and alter or suggest content that matches your navigation patterns on our properties.

Performance and Analysis: These cookies collect aggregated, anonymous, statistical-type information that we use to measure, optimize, and improve the content, quality, and performance of our websites.

Advertising and Retargeting: These cookies are set by Elastic or by our advertising services to provide you with relevant advertising content.
These also allow us to collect data related to the page you visited and your activities there.
Cookies may also be used when you share information using a social media feature on our website or with services made available via our website.
The social media network may record your activities, which may be linked to targeted advertising.
Those companies' privacy policies will govern how they use the information.
Other Automatic Data Collection Tools
Web BeaconsWe may use and permit select third parties to use web beacons (usually in combination with cookies) to compile information about your website usage and your interaction with an email or other communications to measure performance and to provide content and ads that are more relevant to you.
A web beacon (also known as a web bug or clear GIFs) is typically a transparent graphic image (usually 1-pixel x 1-pixel) that can be embedded in online content, pictures, videos, and emails, and can allow a server to read certain types of information from your device, know when you have viewed particular content or a specific email message, determine the date and time when you viewed the beacon and the IP address of your device.
For instance, we may include web beacons on our websites and in our promotional email messages or newsletters to determine whether our messages have been opened or acted upon and whether our mailing tools are working correctly.Embedded Web LinksEmails from us often use links designed to lead you to a relevant area on the web, after redirection through our servers.
The redirection system allows us to change the destination URL of these links, if necessary, and to determine the effectiveness of our communications and marketing initiatives.
In emails, such web links may also allow us to determine whether you have clicked a link in an email, and information about this interaction may be connected to your personal identity.Your Options to Control our Use of Cookies/Automatic Data Collection ToolsIf you do not want to allow cookies or only want to enable the use of certain cookies, please refer to your browser settings.
You can also use your browser settings to withdraw your consent to our use of cookies and delete cookies that have already been set.
Your browser help menu contains information about the process of opting out.
Note that by disabling certain categories of cookies, you may be prevented from accessing some features of our sites, and certain content or functionality may not be available.

Disabling Most Interest Based Advertising: Most advertising networks offer you a way to opt-out of interest-based advertising.
If you would like to find out more information, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or http://www.youronlinechoices.com.
If you are in the EU and would like to opt-out of third party cookies relating to interest-based advertising, please go to www.youronlinechoices.eu.
In the US, the Network Advertising Initiative also offers a means to opt-out of many advertising cookies.
Please visit www.networkadvertising.org to learn more.
Note that opting out does not mean that you will no longer receive online advertising.
It does mean that the company or companies from which you opted out will no longer deliver ads tailored to your web preferences and usage patterns.
Other opt-out mechanisms: 

Google Opt-out page - https://adssettings.google.com
Facebook Opt-out page - https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
LinkedIn Opt-out page - https://www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/answer/62931/manage-advertising-preferences


Disabling web beacons: You may be able to disable web beacons in email messages by not downloading images contained in messages you receive (this feature varies depending on the email software used on your personal computer).
However, doing this may not always disable a web beacon or other Automatic Data Collection Tools in the email message due to specific email software capabilities.
For more information, refer to the details provided by your email software or service provider.
Web beacons may also be rendered ineffective in some circumstances by opting out of cookies or amending your cookie settings in your browser.

Disabling embedded web links: If you do not want us to collect information about the links that you click, you can choose privacy settings in your browser and email client that will restrict this information.Other Information
Data Retention. We retain information collected in connection with the Automatic Data Collection Tools for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Statement or where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so.

Changes to this Cookie Statement. This Cookie Statement is subject to occasional revision.
If we make any substantial changes in the way we use personal data, we will take appropriate measures to inform our customers, consistent with the significance of the changes we make.
We will provide notice of any material Cookie Statement changes if and where required by applicable data protection laws.

The date of the most recent update to this Cookie Statement can be found by checking the "effective" date displayed at the top of this Cookie Statement.How to Contact UsIf you have any questions or concerns regarding this Statement, you may call us at +1.650.458.2620, or write to us by email at privacy@elastic.co or by postal mail to: 
Elasticsearch, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Team
800 W.
El Camino Real, Suite 350
Mountain View, CA 94040 USA
Or
Elasticsearch B.V.
Attn: Privacy Team
Keizersgracht 281
1016 ED Amsterdam
The Netherlands

Data Protection Officer. Elastic has appointed an external Data Protection Officer for German data subjects.
For questions about how information is gathered, stored, shared, used, or to exercise any data subject rights, please contact our Data Protection Officers as follows: dpo@elastic.co.
If we are unable to resolve your concerns, you have the right to contact your local data privacy supervisory authority or seek a remedy through the courts if you believe your requests to exercise your rights have not been honored.
