
We're sorry but this site doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled.
Please enable it to continue.

Locate a Charger
How it works
Pricing
Mobile App
Home ProductsCommercial SolutionsPrivacy
Effective Date: March 3, 2021


Date Last Updated: March 3, 2021
1.
Introduction Electrify America LLC, its parent and/or subsidiaries (“Electrify America,” “us,” “we,” or “our”), collects and processes information about you as described in this Privacy Notice (“Notice”).
We are committed to protecting the privacy of those with whom we interact.
This Notice contains details about how we collect, use, and share Personal Information that we obtain from and about you when you interact with us via our website, email, mobile application, charging stations, or Call Center, and in other online and offline interactions.
Please read this Notice carefully.


Applicability: We collect Personal Information in several contexts as described below.
However, this Notice does not apply to the following information: 

 Information about our employees, contractors, agents, and job applicants.
Such information is subject to a separate privacy notice that we will make available to individuals.

 Information we collect from individuals with whom we engage in solely business-to-business communications and transactions, such as information about the employees of our business partners and customers.

 Information we collect when providing services to one of our business customers, such as when we provide services to our automotive manufacturer customers.
In these cases, our business customers’ privacy notices will apply and you should contact them for any questions about their privacy practices.



Changes: We may update this Notice from time to time.
The current Notice will be effective when posted.
Please check this Notice periodically for updates.
If any of the changes are unacceptable to you, you should cease interacting with us.
When required under applicable law, we will notify you of any changes to this Notice by posting an update on this website.
2.
Sources of Personal InformationWe collect information about you and how you interact with us in several ways, including:


Information you provide to us directly. We collect the information you provide to us directly, including to service providers who collect the Personal Information on our behalf.


Information automatically collected or inferred from your online interaction with us. We automatically collect technical information about your online interactions with us (such as IP address and browsing preferences).


Information from public sources. We collect information from public sources, including government entities from which public records are obtained and information you submit in public forums and public social media information.


Information from third parties. We receive information about you and your interactions with us from third parties, such as service providers, entities who sell and/or administer our products, charging station providers, partners who host our charging stations at their location(s), vehicle manufacturers and dealers, utility providers, marketing and advertising providers, social network services, ecommerce platforms, and data brokers.


 We may combine information that we receive from the various sources described in this Notice, including third party sources and public sources, and use or disclose it for the purposes identified below.
3.
Types of Personal Information We CollectThe types of information that we collect about you includes:


Identifiers, such as your name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, charging station user ID, session ID, internet protocol address, email address, account name, telephone number, social media identifiers (e.g., Twitter handle, Instagram name, etc.), driver’s license number, credit card number, or other similar identifiers.


Customer records, such as signatures.

Protected Class and Demographic information, such as age, race, gender, disability, military or veteran status, and education.


Commercial information and preferences, including records of personal property (such as VIN and vehicle information), products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.


Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as your browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interactions with us (including interacting with us online, by the mobile application, and through advertisements).


Geolocation information, such as an address you provide, approximate location based on your IP address, or precise geolocation information obtained from your device (depending on the settings you select on your device).


Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory or similar information, including video and audio recordings of our premises and charging stations (such as security footage or voice commands) and call center recordings.


Professional or employment information, such as job title, employer, business address and contact information, employment history, other professional information, or education history.


Education information that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act.


Inferences drawn from any of the information we collect to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitude 
4.
How We Use Your Personal InformationWe may use each category of your Personal Information described above in the following ways:


To enable interactions between you and us, such as to facilitate online or in-person purchases or uses of our products.
evaluate proposals submitted to our website.
process shipping and returns.
register and administer your account.
provide you with and support your interactions with us.
diagnose, repair and track service and quality issues.
facilitate an order, installation, download, return, or exchange.
process a warranty claim.
provide requested product information.
communicate with you about your account or our data practices.
install and configure changes and updates to programs and technologies related to interactions with us.
authenticate those who interact with us.
or to respond to your requests, complaints, and inquiries.


For our own internal business purposes, such as to evaluate or audit the usage and performance of programs and technologies related to interactions with us.
evaluate and improve the quality of your interactions with us and programs and technologies related to interactions with us.
design new services.
process and catalog your responses to surveys or questionnaires (e.g., customer satisfaction reviews).
perform internal research for technological development and demonstration.
conduct data analysis and testing.
maintain proper business records and other relevant records.


For legal, safety, or security reasons, such as to comply with legal requirements.
protect our safety, our property or rights of those who interact with us, or others.
and detect, prevent, and respond to security incidents or other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity.


In a de-identified, anonymized, or aggregated format.
We may convert Personal Information into a de-identified, anonymized, or aggregated format, and use such information for any legal purpose 

For marketing.
We may use your Personal Information to market our products or services or those of third parties, such as our business partners.
We may use your Personal Information to invite you to participate in marketing surveys, questionnaires, promotions, events or contests.
We may audit aspects of our ad impressions.
We may use your Personal Information for short-term transient use, including for contextual ad customization.
We may use your Personal Information to enhance our content and to deliver advertisements to you, including in commercial emails.
For more information about online marketing activity, see Section 6 below.


For any other purposes for which you provide consent.
5.
With Whom We Share Your Personal InformationWe may share your Personal Information with the categories of recipients described below:


Affiliates and subsidiaries: We may share your Personal Information with affiliated companies, including parents, subsidiaries, business units and other companies that share common ownership for the purposes described above.


Service providers: We may share your Personal Information with service providers working on our behalf in order to facilitate our interactions with you or request or support our relationship with you, such as cloud service providers, IT providers, operating systems and ecommerce platforms, internet service providers, analytics companies, and marketing providers (e.g., we may share your email address with our outbound email marketing provider).
We may contract with other companies to provide certain services, including identity verification, email distribution, market research, promotions management and payment processing.


Third parties necessary to complete a transaction or request.
We may disclose information to third parties to provide you with services or benefits you may request, such shipping and delivery service providers.
We may also share information with third parties at your direction.
For example, if you choose to integrate our Home product with a virtual assistant, your personal information may be shared with that third party provider to perform the services.
You should consult those third-party privacy notices for information on their privacy practices.


Business partners: We may also provide your Personal Information or provide access to your Personal Information to our business partners, including for third party marketing.
In some cases, this may include sharing your information with vehicle manufacturers and dealers who arrange for or pay for some or all of the services you receive, charging station site hosts, and utility companies.


For legal, security and safety purposes: We may share your Personal Information with third parties such as law enforcement or other government agencies to evaluate proposals, comply with laws or legal requirements.
to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements.
and to protect our rights and our property or safety of our users or third parties.


In connection with a corporate transaction: We may transfer any information we have about you in connection with corporate transactions, such as a change in corporate control (including but not limited to a merger, sale, reorganization, or transaction related to insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings) involving all or part of Electrify America’s assets.


 We may also de-identity, anonymize, or aggregate Personal Information to share with third parties for any purpose.
6.
How We Use Cookies and Automatic Data Collection Tools We also collect information (or permit third parties to collect information directly from our website, mobile app, or in other online interactions), via cookies, web beacons, pixels, tags or other tracking technologies.
Such information may include your Internet Service Provider and IP address, the date and time you access our website, the pages you accessed while visiting our website, and the Internet address from which you accessed our website.
Some cookies exist only during a single session and some are persistent over multiple sessions over time.
We use these technologies to remember user preferences, maximize the performance of our website and services, provide you with offers that may be of interest to you, measure the effectiveness of our email campaigns and to personalize online content.
These cookies and other technologies may be used to track you across devices and different websites over time.

 To provide you with more relevant and interesting experience, we may work with third party companies to display ads or customize the content on our website or mobile app and those of third parties (like on social media networks).
These companies may use cookies and similar tracking technologies as described in this Statement to gather information about your visits to the website, as well as your visits elsewhere on the Internet in order to provide you with more relevant advertising, known as interest-based advertising.
The Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") and Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") provide mechanisms for you to opt out of interest-based advertising performed by participating members at www.aboutads.info and optout.networkadvertising.org .
Opting out of interest-based advertising will not opt you out of all advertising, but rather only interest-based advertising from us or our agents or representatives.

 Some browsers have incorporated Do Not Track (“DNT”) preferences.
Most of these features, when turned on, send signals to the website you are visiting that you do not wish to have information about your online searching and browsing activities collected and used.
As there is not yet a common agreement about how to interpret DNT signals, we do not honor DNT signals from website browsers at this time.
However, you may refuse or delete cookies.
If you refuse or delete cookies, some of our website functionality may be impaired.
If you change computers, devices, or browsers, or use multiple computers, devices, or browsers, and delete your cookies, you may need to repeat this process for each computer, device, or browser.
Please refer to your browser’s Help instructions to learn more about how to manage cookies and the use of other tracking technologies.
7.
Security and Retention We maintain reasonable security procedures and technical and organizational measures to protect your Personal Information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, disclosure, alteration, or use.
8.
Children’s Privacy Interactions with us are intended for individuals 16 years of age and older.
Our interactions are not directed at, marketed to, nor intended for, children under 16 years of age.
We do not knowingly collect any information, including Personal Information, from children under 16 years of age.
If you believe that we have inadvertently collected Personal Information from a child under the age of 16, please contact us at the address below and we will use reasonable efforts to delete the child’s information from our databases.
9.
External Links When interacting with us you may encounter links to external sites or other online services, including those embedded in third party advertisements or sponsor information that we do not control.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices and data collection policies for such third party services.
You should consult the privacy statements of those third party services for details.
10.
Terms of Use The Terms of Use for interactions with us is incorporated by reference into this Notice, and can be found at: https://www.electrifyamerica.com/terms/.11.
Contact Info/Your Choices If you have questions regarding this Notice, please contact us at privacy@electrifyamerica.com.
 Nevada residents: please contact us at privacy@electrifyamerica.com.
to inquire about your right to opt out of the sale of your personal information.


California Shine the Light: If you are a California resident, you may opt out of sharing your Personal Information with third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
Please contact us at privacy@electrifyamerica.com.
if you would like to do so.

✕


✕





Locate a charger
How it works
Pricing
mobile app
renewable energy
Glossary


About
Our Plan
News &amp.
Updates
Our Team
Careers


Contact us
submissions
sign up for updates
marketing opportunities


Home Products


Commercial Solutions


© 2021 Electrify America
Privacy
Terms of use
Social Media House Rules
Support: 1-833-632-2778

 Close suggested results Live chat:LIVE CHAT
      