
         Community Guidelines Ello was created by idealists who believe that the essential nature of all human beings is to be good — kind, considerate, helpful, intelligent, responsible, supportive and respectful of others.
However, this does not mean that everyone always acts accordingly.
Therefore, we’ve created a list of community guidelines that we ask all Ello members adhere to.
Members found to be acting outside of our guidelines risk account suspension or removal from Ello.

Please do not threaten people.

This includes threats of violence, and threats to hurt others in any way.

Please do not post others’ personal information.

Please do not post any personal information of other members or third parties unless you have express permission from them to do so.

Please do not hate.

Slurs or hate speech, including denigrating comments involving race, sexual orientation, religious or political belief, age, or just about anything else, whether personal or general are not allowed.

Please do not promote self-harm.

Please do not post content that glorifies self-harm.
Please do not encourage others to harm themselves.

Please do not spam.

Please do not use fake tags or deceptive links or try to mislead others about the things you post.
Please do not use malware or other deceptive code when you post.
Please do not phish.
Please do not follow large amounts of members in bulk for the sole purpose of leading them to your profile.

Please do not automate.

Ello is for human beings, not bots.

Please do not infringe on other people’s copyrights and trademarks.

Please do not post content that belongs to third parties without their consent.
Please make sure you have the right to post the content that you share on Ello.
Please only post content that is legal.
You can not post content that violates governmental law or regulation.

Please do not squat on usernames.

Please do not register a username that you are not going to use yourself.
Please do not register a username to prevent someone else from using it.
Usernames that have not been actively used for an extended period of time may be reclaimed.

Please do not impersonate others.

Be yourself, or a version of yourself.
Please do not pretend to be someone else.

Please do not post anything inappropriate about minors, including things that are violent or sexual in nature.


Please do not use Ello to intrude on other people’s privacy.


Regarding NSFW content;

If you regularly post adult-oriented content, otherwise deemed NSFW, please respect those in our community that do not wish to see it by flagging your profile Not Safe for Work (NSFW) through your account settings.
To designate your profile NSFW, visit our Settings page under the heading, NSFW, “Post Adult Content.”
If you regularly post adult content and do not mark your account NSFW, we may ask you to do so, or we may flag your account NSFW for you.
If you abuse our NSFW rules, your account may be suspended or removed.
If you choose not to view adult content, all NSFW posts will be hidden and NSFW member avatars and headers will be pixelated accordingly.
Please do not post any content depicting sexual stimulation or penetration.


Please do not be a technological nuisance.

Please do not try to circumvent or compromise our security or access non-public areas of the Ello.
Please do not use robots or other automated technology to access Ello.
Please do not scrape content from Ello.
Please do not try to deceive members or the general public.
Please do not intentionally load test our Service to see how much traffic Ello can handle.
Please Do not distribute viruses or malware to or through Ello.

Please respect your fellow community members.

If someone has blocked or muted you, please respect their decision and do not try to communicate with them through an alternative account.
Ello’s community guidelines expressly forbid posting abusive content of any kind, including content that portrays or encourages violence towards people or animals.
If you do not adhere to our community guidelines we may contact you and ask you to adhere.
If you do not comply, your account may be suspended or removed and your username forfeited.
We reserve the right to enforce or not to enforce these guidelines in whatever way we see fit, at our sole discretion.
It is important to note that Ello’s community guidelines and supporting policies do not create a duty or contractual obligation for us to act in any particular manner.
We reserve the right to change these guidelines at any time.
Please be cool, play nice and have fun.
If you encounter abusive behavior or someone who is not acting in accordance with our Community Guidelines, please report it by contacting reportabuse@ello.co.
Our support team will assess the situation, and take action as necessary.
Updated April 25, 2017 – Policies
