
         Data Policy Ello, a company incorporated in the Unites States whose registered office is at 150 E.
69th St., Ste.
5F, New York, NY 10021 (“we/us/our”).
We use cookies and this page explains their use.
Our websites uses cookies and local storage (aka web storage) to distinguish users.
This helps us to provide you with a good experience when accessing our websites, and also allows us to improve our websites.
We use cookies to analyze how visitors use our websites and to help us provide a better experience for visitors. General Information about cookies and local storage Cookies can most easily be explained as leaving a small trail in your browser confirming where you have been on the internet or navigation from certain emails that you open.
A cookie is a small file typically consisting of a string of letters and numbers that is sent by a web server to a web browser (e.g.
Google Chrome), and stored by the browser.
This small file is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies can be used by web servers to distinguish and track users as they navigate different pages on a website and to improve the experience for returning users.
Cookies can be either session cookies or persistent cookies.
A session cookie will expire at the end of the user session, effectively when the web browser is closed.
A persistent cookie will be stored by the browser and will remain valid until a set expiry date (unless deleted by the user before the expiry date).
Local storage is a similar storage system to cookies but differs in many ways.
It is also used to store session and persistent data, but the data is not sent to the server by default, and it cannot be retrieved using basic HTTP methods, and so has some security advantages over cookies. How we use cookies and local storage We may use cookies and local storage for the following purposes:

To recognize your device when you visit our websites;
To log on and register on our websites:
To improve our websites’ usability;
To analyze the use of our websites;
To link to email marketing campaigns;
To improve the security of our websites.
and
For the general administration of our websites.
 Data on our website We use both session data and persistent data on this website.
Session cookies and session storage are data that is deleted when you leave the site.
Persistent data are data that last for at least one year after you last visit our website.
The specific data that we store are:

Registration, Login and Application data, which are persistent data
Social media data, which are persistent data.
and used for example with LinkedIn
Performance and tracking data, which are persistent data
Analytics data, which are persistent data
Device data, which are persistent data

Most data we use are persistent data to give you a better experience and service.
For your information these are the cookies active on our website:


_cfduid (and other cookies prefixed _cfd) are cookies created and used by our security and traffic throttling provider, Cloudflare.
They are technical cookies and do not contain user data.

__qca is created and used by Quantcast to help us analyze our user behavior.
It only contains a unique identifier and it is used to record a user's actions as they browse our site.

_fbp is a cookie created by Facebook to help us analyze our user behavior.
It only contains a unique identifier and it is used to record a user's actions as they browse our site.

_ga, _gat, _gid are cookies created by Google to help us analyze our user behavior.
They are unique identifiers used to record a user's actions as they browse our site.

ajs_anonymous_id, ajs_group_id, and ajs_user_idare cookies created by Segment to help us analyze our user behavior.
They are unique identifiers used to record a user's actions as they browse our site.

mp_ prexifed cookies are created by MixPanel to help us analyze our user behavior.
It only contains a unique identifier and it is used to record a user's actions as they browse our site.

These are the ways we use local storage on our website:

Authentication data, specifcally an Oauth token that identifies your logged in Ello session.
User inferface settings, like preferences for viewing a feed in grid or list mode.
Caching of data for quick loading of pages
 Analytics Cookies Analytics Cookies are persistent cookies that allow us to recognize, count the number of visitors, and provide anonymous data about how our visitors use our websites.
Using analytics cookies helps us improve the way our websites work and navigate, ensuring that users are able to find what they are looking for without difficulty.
No personally identifiable data is collected about you.
For further information please click here. Device Cookies We may in the future use a persistent cookie or local storage to understand what device you are using and make sure the website is displayed correctly. Managing and Blocking cookies You can block some or all cookies by activating the setting on your browser.
If you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our websites.
This may impair your ability to fully utilise our websites.
More information about cookies can be found on this website.
This also gives details on how to delete cookies from your device.
For information on how to do this on your smart mobile phone or tablet browser, please consult your device’s manual, or manufacturer.
More information can be found here. Your Consent By clicking “Accept” on the cookie banner, you agree to the placement of cookies on your device, unless you actively block them.
If you choose not to receive our cookies, we cannot guarantee that your experience will be as fulfilling as it would otherwise be or access all the website.
Once your consent has been provided, this message will not appear again when you revisit.
If you, or another user of your computer, wish to withdraw your consent at any time, you can do so by altering your browser settings. Contact us If you have any questions about our cookies or this Data Policy please contact us by email to hello@ello.co.
Updated March 10, 2020 – Policies
