
European Union Regulation 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data ("EU GDPR") requires us to provide certain information about our data processing practices to data subjects in the European Economic Area ("EEA").
If you are accessing our online services from a member state of the EEA, this European Online Privacy Policy applies to you.
 Summary: 1.
Data Controller: Pelmorex Corp.
2.
How we collect personal data:

Directly from you when you sign up for online services with us, 
Certain data is automatically collected when you use our websites and apps.

3.
Information we collect:

Your name
E-mail address
Computer IP address
Geographical location when you enable location tracking in our app
Information from cookies, and
Demographic information such as age and gender.

4.
Why we need this information:

 For precise weather information and alerts for your location In order to provide you with the services you have signed up for 

 Please note that if you have never signed up for an account with us we do not collect personal information about you and we have no way of identifying you.

5.
Aggregated information to third parties:

 We provide de-identified information to advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to users of our services.


6.
Storage of personal data: Data is stored in Spain.
7.
Special categories of personal data: As this term is defined under the EU GDPR, we do not collect special categories of personal data. Contents 
European Online Privacy Policy
Summary
Data Controller
Personal Data We May Collect &amp.
Why We Need It
Automatically Collected Information
Legal Basis of Processing
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Links and Other Websites
How Long We Keep Your Personal Data
Safeguarding Your Personal Data
Your Rights to Your Personal Data
Changes to This European Online Privacy Policy
 Data Controller Pelmorex Corp.
doing business as “The Weather Network”, “MeteoMedia”, “El Tiempo” and “Clima” (collectively “we”, “us”, “our”) is committed to protecting and respecting the privacy of our users and safeguarding personal data they provide to us in the course of accessing and using the services we provide.
If you are accessing our online services from a member state of the EEA, this European Online Privacy Policy applies to our collection and processing of personal data via any websites or mobile apps that we operate and which link to this Privacy Policy (our "Services").
For the purposes of the EU GDPR, the Controller is Pelmorex Corp.
If you have any questions about this European Online Privacy Policy and/or the processing of your personal data, you can reach our privacy officer on this email address infoprivacy@pelmorex.com or alternatively, you can contact us at:
Attn.
Data Privacy Officer

Pelmorex Corp. 2655 Bristol Circle Oakville, Ontario Canadá L6H 7W1 905-829-1159 
The Pelmorex Corp.
representative is
 El Tiempo Príncipe de Vergara 108 Planta 4 – 28002 - Madrid  Personal Data We May Collect &amp.
Why We Need It  We collect the following personal data for the following purposes:
 What is Collected and When Why We Need the Information 1) Information you provide to us by filling out forms on the site or app.
This includes:

Your name.

E-mail address.

A password you create;
Optional information regarding your age and gender;
Any information that you include in your form

In order to:

Create a login on the website and apps.

Subscribe to our Services such as weather alerts;
Enter a competition or survey;
Comment on news articles and polls on the websites.

Identify you as the person who took the video/photo on our websites and any other Pelmorex properties.
Upload your video/photos on our websites and apps.

2) When signing up to obtain a “Weather Button”, we collect:

Your email address
 In order to contact you to communicate changes to the program and for our records to track which websites are using our Weather Buttons.
3) In order to contact you to communicate changes to the program and for our records to track which websites are using our Weather Buttons.

Your name
E-mail address
City and Province
User agent information
IP addressP
Any information you include in the feedback form
 In order to effectively respond to your comment/inquiry we need to know how to contact you.
4) Mobile device identifiers (specifically an anonymous Ad ID) and your location if you’ve enabled location tracking in our app.
In order to provide you with precise weather for the location in which you are located when you access the app and for notifications about weather alerts provided location tracking is enabled.
This data is generally not sufficient to identify you personally.
 We may use your personal data in the following ways: 

 To provide you with customized weather information.

 To provide you with weather alerts in the case of active weather in your location.

 To deliver our Services to you and allow you to participate in the interactive features of our Services, when you choose to do so.

 To establish and manage your subscriptions with you.

 To measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you.

 To ensure that content from our Services is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer and/or mobile device.

 To enforce our Services’ Terms of Use, to the extent that your personal data is required to determine whether the Terms of Use have been violated.

 To administer our Services and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes.

 With your consent, to make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may interest you.

 To meet our legal obligations.


 You do not have to provide any personal data to us.
Use of our Services is purely voluntary.
You can continue to use our Services without consenting to the use of cookies that are not strictly necessary.
the only consequence is that our Services will be less customized.
For more information, please see our Cookies Policy.
You maintain control over the personal information you have provided to us.
Users who have created an account with us can change their permissions at any time through management of their account.
 Automatically Collected Information  Each time you visit the websites or use the app, we automatically collect the following information: 

 (i) Technical information including: the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer and/or mobile device to the Internet, your mobile ad id, your login information if you have created an account with us, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and the carrier name (if available).
and 
 (ii) Information about your visit: Services you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.


 With respect to web cookies and similar technologies (browser cache, unique identifiers (ie: mobile phone IDs), web beacons, or pixels), we seek consent from users of our Services in the EEA based on a separate Cookies Policy.
We do not use automated decision-making, including profiling, as referred to in Article 22(1) of the EU GDPR.
that is, in a way that produces legal effects concerning you or significantly affects you.
 Legal Basis of Processing  The legal basis for our processing of your personal data in connection with our Services is Article 6(1)(a) of the EU GDPR, which allows processing of personal data once you provide us with your consent.
When you first use our app and/or sign up for an account on one of our websites we request consent for the collection of your personal data in order to provide you with the Services and satisfy our obligations with respect to the other purposes listed in this Policy.

 We also rely on your consent with respect to the use of cookies that are not strictly necessary and we or third parties pursue legitimate interests under Article 6(1)(f) of the EU GDPR with respect to situations where we have to process your personal data to comply with applicable laws.
 Disclosure of Your Personal Data  Other companies within the Pelmorex Corp structure have access to your personal data in order to assist us in providing you with our Services.
We have entities within the Pelmorex Corp group in Canada, outside of the EEA.
Any transfers of your personal data to these entities is based on the European Commission’s decision in 2001 that Canada provides adequate protection of personal data.

 We may disclose your personal data in the following circumstances, as required or permitted by applicable law:  Who Is It Given To? Why? 1.
Business partners, suppliers, contractors and other processors So that such processors may assist us in the operation, provision and enhancement of our Services.
2.
To companies we may buy or who may buy us.
We may disclose your personal data to a prospective or actual buyer of us, or a prospective or actual seller of their company to us.
3.
To other parties to comply with our legal requirements In order to comply with any legal obligation, and in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements.
 To protect the rights, property, or safety of Pelmorex, our customers, or others  Our third party business partners need to receive and process your information in order to help us provide you with our Services.
The data is stored within the EEA.

 We also disclose aggregated de-identified data of our users to third parties:  Who Is It Given To? Why? Advertisers and advertising networks To select and serve relevant ads We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers, but we may provide them with aggregate information about our users (for example, we may inform them that 100 men aged under 35 have clicked on their advertisement on any given day).
We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target (for example, mobile app users in a particular geographical location).
This data does not constitute personal data because it cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
However, it allows our advertisers to provide advertisements that may be more relevant to you.
Google Analytics For the computational analysis of statistics.
Media Partners (ie: Index Exchange, Rubicon) and Demand Side Partners In order to provide more relevant advertising to you Links and Other Websites  Our Services may, from time to time, contain links to and from websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates.
If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.

 Some of our Services allow users to interface with other websites or services, including social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter.
You will remain logged in to such websites and services until you log off those websites and services and you agree to those other websites’ and services’ terms of use and privacy policies.

 If you choose to log on to the websites using a social media account, we request access to the information indicated in the social media account’s acceptance screen and described below.

 You may click "Allow" to log on to the websites using a social media account, or click "Don't Allow" to close and return to the login options.
If you choose not to log on to the websites using a social media account, you can log on using your “Weather Network” account, or create one if you do not have one already.

 If you choose to log on to the websites using a social media account, we will request access to and for you to confirm the personal information that will be passed on to us by your social media site.
The data the social media site provides to us is subject to your consent of their terms and conditions.
 How Long We Keep Your Personal Data  Your data is stored with Pelmorex for as long as we are required to keep it in order to provide our Services to you in a seamless fashion or in compliance with applicable law.
For example, we will retain your data in order to facilitate logins to your account and in order to allow us to service your account for as long as you maintain an account with us.
We also ensure we have up-to-date consent from you to continue to collect and store your personal data.
 Safeguarding Your Personal Data  We use a variety of technological, physical and organisational protections and procedures to help protect your personal data from unauthorised access, use, or disclosure, such as encryption, passwords and physical security measures.
While we strive to protect your personal data, we cannot ensure or warrant that the personal data or private communications you transmit to us will always remain private.
The transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure.
Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Services.
any transmission is at your own risk.
Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to proactively prevent unauthorised access.
 Your Rights to Your Personal Data  The EU GDPR provides you with a right to request access to the personal data we have collected from you, a right to request rectification of the data or that the data be erased, and a right to request that we restrict the processing of the personal data.

 If you have created an account with us, consented to the use of cookies that are not strictly necessary, direct marketing emails or other data processing, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.

 You can exercise any of these rights by contacting us at infoprivacy@pelmorex.com  Changes to This European Online Privacy Policy  Any changes we may make to our European Online Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
This European Online Privacy Policy was last reviewed on May 25, 2018.

