
         2Checkout REFUND POLICY Last updated: April 1st, 2015 To place a refund, return or exchange request for an order placed with 2Checkout, You would need to contact 2Checkout via email at support@2checkout.com, by phone at +31 88 000 0008 or by accessing 2Checkout myAccount.

Please have your order number available and provide a reason for your request in order to speed up your refund process.
Your request will be reviewed within 2 days and we will notify you via email of the results.

Refund, returns or exchanges request are accepted up to 30 days from the date of placing the Order with 2Checkout.
2Checkout may grant extensions to this period for some special cases and Products at its discretion.
If you choose to pay by check or money order you may cancel your Order before making the payment or in case the payment is not received by us in 30 days 2Checkout will cancelled you Order.
You may submit a request to cancel your order on the same day the order was placed.
Please note that if the Order is already shipped or delivered we will not be able to approve the cancelation request.

Some products have special conditions for returns as described in the Order or Product materials delivered ("Products terms") so please read the carefully before making a request with 2Checkout.
In case of misunderstandings between 2Checkout Refund Policy and the Product terms, the present Refund policy will prevail.
Shipping costs are non-refundable, except if due to 2Checkout error, when you need to contact 2Checkout and make a formal request.

If the refund request is granted by 2Checkout, payments are refunded as follows: 

Credit / Debit Cards payments will be refunded within one (1) business days;
Wire Transfer and check payments will be refunded within seven (7) business days and the cost of transfer will be supported by the end user;
PayPal payments will be refunded within one (1) business day;
Other payment methods will be refunded between five (5) to seven (7) days.

If applicable, 2Checkout reserve the right to hold the refund payment until we receive a completed letter of destruction of the Product signed by you.

The present Refund policy is part of the 2Checkout TERMS AND CONDITIONS.

