

Home
FAQ
 encrypting.host Terms of Service
These Terms &amp.
Conditions are a legally-binding agreement with encrypting.host, and by registering to use, or using our service, you agree to abide by them.
Violation of these Terms &amp.
Conditions may result in account termination and file deletions.


WE WITHHOLD THE RIGHT TO CHANGE THIS POLICY AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE.

1.
Definitions
In this document, the terms “We”, “Us”, “Our”, “Service”, “Our Services”, “encrypting.host” refer to encrypting.host, and https://encrypting.host, along with the services provided by encrypting.host.

In this document, the terms “Content”, “Items” are used interchangeably for User Generated Content (UGC).

In this document, the terms “You”, “User” refers to the person that has signed up for Our services.
2.
General Terms
Our Services are hosted in the European Union, as such, all Content uploaded and hosted on Our Services must be compliant with EU, especially French and German law.
3.
Ownership &amp.
License
By submitting Content to encrypting.host, you grant Us an unrestricted, unconditional, unlimited, irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, royalty-free, fully-paid, worldwide right and license to host, use, copy, reproduce, disclose, sell, resell, publish, broadcast, retitle, archive, store, cache, publicly perform, publicly display, reformat, translate, transmit, excerpt (in whole or in part) and distribute such Content (including, without limitation, your image and voice) for any purpose, commercial, advertising, or otherwise, to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate into other works, such Content, and to grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing.
The use and distribution may occur in any media formats and through any media channels.
Such use and distribution license will apply to any form, media, or technology now known or hereafter developed, and includes our use of your name, company name, and franchise name, as applicable, and any of the trademarks, service marks, trade names and logos, personal and commercial images you provide.

Put simply (as we know that many of you are not lawyers), by submitting Content to Our Services, you give us the right to use the Content however we decide.
This right is irrevocable and it is used to secure our right to host your content.
4.
Liability
The User agrees to indemnify, defend, and protect Us from and against all lawsuits and costs of every kind pertaining to the software including reasonable legal fees due to the User's infringement of the intellectual rights of any third party.

We are not to be held liable for any Content submitted to Our Services.

If you hold the copyright to Content hosted on Our Services, and would like the Content to be removed, please refer to the proper contact in Section 7.
5.
Prohibited Items
In order for us to provide our Services to you in a feasible manner, we have a list of prohibited Items:

Any Content that violates the laws of the United States or Germany.
Content that can be classified as pedophillic, necrophillic, or zoophilic.
Malware
Content that could be interpreted as harassment toward an individual.
(E.g, leaking information about an individual without prior consent)
Content that could be interpreted as harassment toward a group, or community.
(Including, but not limited to Religious groups, Ethnic groups)

6.
Uptime &amp.
Warranty
OUR SERVICE IS PROVIDED WITHOUT ANY KIND OF WARRANTY.
We do not guarantee any uptime of our Services.

We take full system backups once a day, have a real time replication cluster and are syncing uploads offsite every 30 minutes.
We do not guarantee that Content hosted on the Services will be retained forever, and we reserve the right to remove any Content we decide upon.
We do not guarantee that any Internet Domain (“Domain”) will be retained on our Service.
7.
Abuse Contact(s)
The general abuse contact for our Services is ralf@encrypting.host, which can be contacted regarding any violation of our Terms &amp.
Conditions.
8.
Applicable Law
These Terms of Service and the interpretation of their terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Germany and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in Berlin, Germany.

9.
Miscellaneous Terms


Entire Agreement. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and encrypting.host with respect to your use of the Service and any other subject matter hereof and cannot be changed or modified by you except as expressly posted on the Service by the Company.
You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use affiliate or third party services, third party content or third party software.

Waiver. The failure of encrypting.host to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision, and no waiver by either party of any breach or default hereunder shall be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default.

Severability. If any provision of these Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of these Terms shall remain in full force and effect.

Course of Conduct/Trade Practice. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice will act to modify these Terms.

Documentation of Compliance. Upon the Company's request, you will furnish the Company with any documentation, substantiation or releases necessary to verify your compliance with these Terms.

Defenses Based on Electronic Form of These Terms. You hereby waive any and all defenses you may have based on the electronic form of these Terms and the lack of signing by the parties hereto to execute these Terms.

Survival. You agree that the provisions of these Terms that by their nature should survive termination will survive any termination of these Terms.

Contact. If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact ralf@encrypting.host.


 FAQ | Config Creator | Impressum | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy
encrypting.host is based on Axolotl-Club-IMG by SenkJu.
