
Basic Rules



is part of the mini-series ED New Users Guide 
.




Mini-Series Articles:

Strategy Guide
Generic Article
Internet Relevance
Introduction to English
A User's Guide to Article Building
Get On IRC Fgt
User Stress Syndrome
 PolicyThis article defines official ED Policy.



Global Rules

Rule 1: ED is Not Your Personal Army.
No attack articles or attack stubs (writing a little bit and expecting the admins to finish for you).
Content shouldn’t be personal, because nobody cares about your squabbles except you.


Rule 2: All doxing (except faildox) is allowed.
This includes but is not limited to the following: Name, Address, SSN, Birth records, Criminal history, and others.


Rule 3: Illegal data such as CP or revenge porn are not permitted and will be removed immediately.


Rule 4: You are responsible for the content you write or what you post.
We will not protect you.


Rule 5: Asking for your article to be taken down will only make us want to add more to it.

These rules are subject to change and by use of this site you agree to all of the above.




Basic Rules
Read, dummy! Read at least 100 articles before you create one.
The list of previously featured articles is a good place to start.
If this is too much to ask, go to the list of lulz wikis where you'll probably find something less demanding for your crap stubs.


Consult the ED style guide and you will be well on your way to success!


Basic Rules - very important read!

When is it crap?
Wiki-specific markup
Why not pipe?
Why not pie?
Good Joke:Word Count Ratio
Internet Relevance
ED vs.
Wikipedia
ED Is Not
Templates
Strikethroughs
Image Selection Process
The Encyclopedia Dramatica Guide to Article Building


Keep ED on topic: we only want articles relating to drama, internets, or memes.
If you are unsure, please refer to ED:LULZ.
Add drama and information as much as possible, when writing up an article.
Google and Ljseek are your friends.
Don't make an idiot of yourself! Seeing as you are new around here, we don't appreciate a case of severe unwarranted self-importance.
If you even think you can handle the production of a new lulz induced article, write it with the greatest care and precision.
There is no value in one-sentence articles.
make a story of it, use correct formatting, and use your feeling.
Of course, it is recommended you start out with minor edits to existing articles.
ED is not NPOV.
We don't ever want to see an edit that can be summarized as 'reduce bias'.
Ever.
Add no new categories.
The existing ones work just fine, thank you very much.
Assign categories to your articles.
If you don't, they might be marked "{{crap}}" (oh noes!)
Preview before saving.
Before saving your changes, hit "Show preview" if you're unsure of formatting or how the page will look after you're done editing.
That way, if you change your mind or notice a mistake, the article's history won't be filled with your multiple edits.
Several consecutive edits are generally frowned upon unless you're making major changes to an article.
Try to avoid it if you can or you will get {{Preview}} on your page, and noone wants that.
Wikify your articles.
To test skills, use the Sandbox.
Read the Encyclopedia Dramatica:Style Guide for wikihelp.
Create links to your articles.
Srsly, if your article isn't linked to from the outside world, it may get BALETED.
Do not write any articles about Chuck Norris (Moar liek JEW Norris, amirite?).
Or re-create any other crap articles that have been deleted, for that matter.
Promote the site to your friends and enemies.
Use edit summaries.
For instance, if you sass the admins, you write it in the edit summary.
Don't piss off these people.
Got nothing to do? See {{opentasks}}.
Sign comments in Talk pages.
If you're leaving a comment in a talk page, sign it.
You can do this by inserting four tildes at the end of your comment or by clicking in the Signature with Timestamp button ( ) above the edit field.
How do I shot fancy signatures?

Put it in the nickname box in your prefs as a template, like so User:User/Sig.
Check raw signatures.
???
Profit.



