
         PolicyThis article defines official ED Policy.


Please view Encyclopedia Dramatica:Copyright for copyright and licensing information.

We take no responsibility for any of this.
It's a wiki.
That means that anyone with internet access can create, change, modify or delete any of the pages herein.


When you choose to create a user account and/or edit the content contained herein, that constitutes your acceptance of this disclaimer.
It also constitutes your acceptance that this site is for parody and satire uses ONLY.
All IPs and content are logged.
Therefore, if you do choose to edit and involve yourself in the site, you are accepting that everything you add to the site and everything you comment on in the site is based solely on humor, parody and satire.


The information on these pages may or may not be accurate.
The views expressed herein do not in any way reflect the views of the owners of this site, the hosting company, any service providers or the owner of this domain name.


Encyclopedia Dramatica is an online open-content humor and satire source, with the aims of being the ultimate compendium of internet parody, that is, a voluntary association of individuals and groups who are developing a common resource of internet humor.
Its structure allows anyone with an Internet connection and World Wide Web browser to alter the content found here.
Therefore, please be advised that nothing found here has necessarily been reviewed by professionals with the expertise necessary to provide you with complete, accurate or reliable information.






None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, sysops, or anyone else connected with Encyclopedia Dramatica in any way whatsoever can be responsible for the appearance of any inaccurate or defamatory information or for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
This is strictly a parody, satire and humor site, all content herein should be treated as such.




Any of the trademarks, service marks, collective marks, design rights, personality rights or similar rights that are mentioned, used or cited in the articles of the Encyclopedia Dramatica are the property of their respective owners.
Their use here does not imply that you may use them for any other purpose other than for the same or a similar informational use as contemplated by the original authors of these Encyclopedia Dramatica articles.
Your use of any such or similar incorporeal property is at your own risk.
All images, documents, excerpts, media and files are used under the Fair Use Act for humor, satire, review, comment and critique.


Encyclopedia Dramatica and its SysOps or agents reserve the right to ban, block or otherwise discontinue service to any person for any reason at any time.

Contents

1 Encyclopediadramatica Legal Statement

1.1 Terms used
1.2 Technical Specifications
1.3 Correspondence with encyclopediadramatica.wiki


2 Encyclopediadramatica Legal Statement
3 Privacy
4 Law Enforcement
 Encyclopediadramatica Legal Statement
Terms used
In this policy "encyclopediadramatica.wiki," "our," "us," "The Service" and "we" refers to all staff members, cooperating attorneys, and owners who contribute to the creation and upkeep of encyclopediadramatica.wiki.
Individuals who submit articles and/or comment but are not staff members are not included in the usage of "encyclopediadramatica.wiki," "our," "us," "The Service" or "we" within this document.

This document may change without notice.

Technical Specifications
Inherent in the architecture of encyclopediadramatica.wiki is the ability to leave comments.
Should you choose to do so, your name, e-mail, and other information voluntarily presented will be publicly posted.
By use of this system, you indemnify encyclopediadramatica.wiki of any harm or action that results from your voluntary publication of said information.

Our servers may record the numerical Internet protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using.
the browser software you use and your operating system.
the date and time you access our site.
and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site.
By use of this system you consent to such recordings.

We reserve the right to use this information for any internal or external use whatsoever.
This may include but not limited to statistical analysis, design considerations, and comment tracking.
This information may be connected to the username provided for internal use.

Correspondence with encyclopediadramatica.wiki
Should you choose to present your e-mail address, physical home address, telephone number, full name or other personally identifying information to us by any means whatsoever, we reserve the right to publish said personal information in whole or in part.
Should you choose to contact any member of encyclopediadramatica.wiki by any communication means, we reserve the right to publish the conversation, in whole or in part, if we see fit to do so.
Any and all e-mails may also be published in whole or in part.
By communicating with encyclopediadramatica.wiki, you consent to said publication and acknowledge you have no expectation of privacy.

If for any reason we are required by law to disclose any information whatsoever, we fully reserve the right to do so.
Please refer to the encyclopediadramatica.wiki legal statement for further information.

Encyclopediadramatica Legal Statement
In this statement "encyclopediadramatica.wiki," "our," "us," and "we" refers to all cooperating attorneys, and owners who contribute to the creation and upkeep of encyclopediadramatica.wiki.
Individuals who submit articles and/or comment but are not site owners are not referred to by this word usage within this document.

Each contributor of encyclopediadramatica.wiki holds full rights and responsibilities for materials they personally publish via this encyclopediadramatica.wiki web site.
By use of this site, you accept and recognize this qualification and indemnify not only the owner of encyclopediadramatica.wiki but also all other contributors to encyclopediadramatica.wiki from any legal action.

Privacy
We've given you notice that any communication with us may be published.
This is all we need to do, because legally it provides for consent on your behalf if you choose to communicate with us.
This covers us in under state and federal privacy laws.

Law Enforcement
If we are submitted with a court order to remove content or supply information, we will fully comply.

