
At Encyclopedia Dramatica (abbreviated ED in this document), hosted at https://encyclopediadramatica.rs, physically located somewhere between Nigeria and Romania, we take privacy very seriously.
Thus, we have provided this policy information.

Contents

1 De facto acceptance
2 Situations

2.1 On wiki

2.1.1 Email
2.1.2 Advertisement
2.1.3 Cookies
2.1.4 CheckUser
2.1.5 Articles
2.1.6 Media
2.1.7 Legal


2.2 On Forum
2.3 On IRC


3 Definitions
 De facto acceptance
In order to use, browse, edit or connect to ED, you must accept our policies.
If you don't conform to them, you should leave promptly.

Situations
Now, we are going to depict the ways your user data is stored with us and how we will share it with third parties.

On wiki
This is data related with https://encyclopediadramatica.rs, our network main site and wiki.

Email
We will never give away or sell your email, but we reserve the right to send you email whenever we want for whatever reason we please.

Advertisement
We will never sell nor share your information with third parties for advertisement.
ED's demographics are well known and no more additional data is required.
All the ads are hosted on our network and the links within them can share some information with them when clicked, such as:


Hour of link clicking
IP of user

Country
Approximated location (not very accurate)


Browser used
Screen resolution
OS used

This is gathered only when the link is clicked.

All the data given is what you give in every site you visit, and it may be used by the advertisers to make impersonal statistics of their campaign.

Cookies
There are two main cookies when visiting ED's wiki.


Cloudflare cache's
MediaWiki's

Cloudflare stores a small cookie in your browser for defining the date you last visited the site, thus deciding whether to send you a new cached copy of a piece of content or making no changes.

Also, MediaWiki stores a cookie for setting up a "user session" when you log in, bound to your user account.
Ergo, we can provide more accurate support, our blocks are more effective and you don't need to log in every time you close the site.

CheckUser
CheckUser is a tool for getting IPs, UserAgents and XFF headers from users, and its associated edits.
It can only be used by two staff members in the bureaucrat usergroup.
It is used cautiously for fighting wiki vandalism and for keeping disruptive users banned.

Articles
We already have a strong article content policy, but, there are some things that you must understand:


Content is usually kept forever, and only the bureaucrats can hide it (either way, it could be mirrored before then)
We mostly never remove content
We are a satirical wiki based in a country without legislation for most of the crimes we'd be accused of if we weren't satirical.
No DMCAs can take content down nor lawsuits for defamation and such actions cannot affect ED.
We are very unreserved, and our users are too, so don't expect very civil messages.
Removing content without permission is usually useless.
We have zero liability for the content our users publish.

Media
We remove content as quickly as possible that is associated with:


Child pornography
Warez

Porn, sadistic images and other content is usually not deleted.
We are very permissive.

Legal
We are based offshore with no legislation regarding international copyright, defamation and many other things.
We are a satirical website and no content coming from us should be taken seriously.
Also:

Satire is a kind of humor, along with parody.
These fall under the fair use clause of copyrighted material and this is valid in most courts worldwide.

We are not liable for any of the content our users post.
Wikis are open to anyone.

On Forum

to be done

On IRC
Our IRC is located at irc.wtfux.org, which is not owned by ED.
It has its own set of policies and rules.
We recommend that you learn them for yourself.

Definitions

You: End user.
ED: Abbreviation for Encyclopedia Dramatica.
Cloudflare: CDN used by us for performance purposes.

