
A cookie is a very small text file placed on your computer by a web browser when you visit certain web pages.
The main purpose of our cookies is to identify you when you visit our website, and we use them to remember you and your preferences when you return to our site.
Please note that cookies can’t harm your computer.
We do not hold any sensitive or personally identifiable information on our cookies, but we do use them to improve your browsing experience.
Most of our cookies are deleted as soon as you close your browser.
Currently we operate an ‘implied consent’ policy which means that we assume you are happy with this usage.
However, if you choose to block cookies, then you may not be able to benefit from the full range of services that our website offers, and this may also affect the performance of our website on your system.
Types of cookies used on our site
Broadly, we use three types of cookies on our website:
The first category are cookies that keep the website working and help with your browsing experience while on our website.
These are referred to as part of our ‘basket process’ and are necessary for our site to function correctly.
The second category are analytics cookies.
These are used to provide anonymous information about how our users interact with our website and give us insight into how we can improve our user experience.
The information collected by these cookies does not contain any sensitive personal information, and is completely anonymous.
The last category are cookies set by 3rd party ad-server partners.
These cookies are used to provide behavioural advertising based upon you visiting our site.
Visitor privacy is very important to us, and because of this we do not share personally identifiable information with any 3rd parties providing this service.
How to manage your cookies
Below we’ve set out how to manage your cookies depending on whether you have a PC or MAC, and what web browser you use:
If you use a PC:
Microsoft Internet Explorer

Click 'Tools' then select 'Internet Options', then click on the 'Privacy' tab
If your privacy setting is at medium or below cookies will be enabled
If your privacy setting is set to higher than medium cookies will be disabled

Google Chrome

Click the Wrench icon on the browser toolbar
Select 'Settings' then 'Show Advanced Settings'
In the 'Privacy' section, click the 'Content Settings' button
In the 'Cookies' section you can change the cookies settings

Mozilla Firefox

Click on the 'Tools' menu from the top menu bar
Select 'Options' from the tools menu
Within the 'Privacy' tab you can set your cookie specifications

Safari

Click the 'Gear' button and select 'Preferences'
Click 'Security'
Change how you want Safari to handle cookies within the 'Accept Cookies' section

If you use a Mac:
Safari

Choose 'Safari'
Select 'Preferences'
In the 'Accept Cookies' section you can specify how Safari handles cookies

Mozilla Firefox

Click on Mozilla at the top of your browser
Select 'Preferences' and then 'Privacy'
Cookies can be managed from within this menu

Google Chrome

Click the Wrench icon on the browser toolbar
Select 'Settings' then 'Show Advanced Settings'
In the 'Privacy' section, click the 'Content Settings' button
In the 'Cookies' section you can change the cookies settings

Internet Explorer

Select 'Internet Explorer'
Select 'Preferences'
Under the 'Receiving Files' scroll down until you see the option to manage cookies

Further information about cookies
If you want to understand more about cookies please visit www.aboutcookies.org.
To see what 3rd party network cookies you have on your machine please visit www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices.
