
Cookie Notice
This website uses necessary cookies to make our site work.
We’d also like to set optional analytics cookies to help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on how you use it.
Using this tool will set a cookie on your device to remember your preferences.
To read more about how we use cookies, see our Cookie Policy.CloseAccept CookiesCookie Settings

Your Privacy


Strictly Necessary Cookies


Performance Cookies


Functional Cookies


Targeting Cookies


More Information


Privacy Preference Center


Active
Always Active Save SettingsAllow All Toggle navigation Menu


Digital Security Digital Security Certificate Solutions 
 Digital Certificates Back to Digital Security Digital Certificates TLS/SSL Certificates 
 Standard OV TLS/SSL 
 Advantage OV TLS/SSL 
 Multi-Domain OV TLS/SSL 
 Multi-Domain EV TLS/SSL 
 Wildcard OV TLS/SSL 
 Private TLS/SSL 
 Qualified Certificates 
 Qualified Electronic Seal Certificates 
 QWAC eIDAS Certificates 
 QWAC PSD2 Certificates 
 Sales and Services 
 Platinum Services 
 Entrust Certificate Services 
 Subscription Plan 
 Buy Certificates 
 Renew Certificates 
 Knowledge Base and Support 
 Verified Mark Certificates (VMC) for BIMI 


 Digital Signing Back to Digital Security Digital Signing Digital Signing as a Service 
 Signing Automation Service 
 Remote Signing Service 
 Signing Certificates 
 Document Signing Certificates 
 Secure Email Certificates 
 Device Certificates 
 OV Code Signing Certificates 
 Signing Servers 
 TrustedX eIDAS 
 TrustedX Electronic Signatures 
 Entrust Timestamping Authority 


 Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) Back to Digital Security Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) Products 
 Certificate Hub 
 Security Manager 
 Entelligence Security Provider 
 Epassport 
 Validation Authority 
 Key Recovery Server 
 Managed Services 
 Entrust Managed PKI 
 PKI as a Service 
 Cryptography as a Service 
 Managed Microsoft PKI 
 Managed Offline Root Certificate Authority 


 Cryptographic Center of Excellence 
 Internet of Things (IoT) Security 
 Mobile Device Management BYOD 
 Identity and Access Management 
 Products Back to Digital Security Products 
 Identity as a Service Formerly IntelliTrust

 Identity Enterprise Formerly IdentityGuard

 Identity Essentials Formerly SMS Passcode



 Solutions Back to Digital Security For Regulatory Compliance 
 PIV 
 Workforce IAM 
 Physical / Logical Access 
 Safeguarding Your VPN 
 Privileged Users 
 Workstation Login 
 Security and Access for Contractors 
 For Consumers and Citizens 
 Consumer Banking 
 Customer Portals 
 Digital Citizen 
 Digital Onboarding 
 Consumer Identity and Access Management (CIAM) 
 Use Cases 
 Data Breach 
 Improve User Experience 
 Support Diverse User Groups 
 Streamline IT 
 Transaction Verification 


 Portfolio Capabilities Back to Digital Security Establish Trust 
 ID Proofing 
 Device Reputation 
 Secure Device Provisioning 
 Password Reset 
 Credential Issuance 
 Verify/Transact 
 Authenticators 
 Mobile Authentication 
 Multi-Factor Authentication MFA 
 Passwordless Login 
 Adaptive Authentication 
 Single Sign-On 
 APIs / SDKs 
 Maintain Trust 
 Fraud Detection 


 Data Protection 
 Hardware Security Modules Back to Digital Security Hardware Security Modules nShield HSMs 
 nShield Connect 
 nShield Edge 
 nShield Solo 
 nShield as a Service 
 nShield HSMi 
 nShield Software 
 CodeSafe 
 Software Option Packs 
 Management and Monitoring 
 nShield Monitor 
 nShield Remote Administration 


 Cloud Security, Encryption and Key Management (formerly HyTrust) Back to Digital Security Cloud Security, Encryption and Key Management (formerly HyTrust) Cloud Security Posture Management 
 CloudControl for AWS 
 CloudControl for Containers 
 CloudControl for vSphere and NSX 
 CloudControl Foundation Edition 
 Multi-Cloud Encryption 
 DataControl for Azure 
 DataControl for AWS 
 DataControl for IBM Cloud 
 Key Management 
 KeyControl 


 Use Cases Back to Digital Security Use Cases Credentialing and PKI Applications 
 Blockchain Security 
 OV Code Signing 
 Credential Management 
 Digital Signatures 
 DNSSEC 
 IoT Device Credentialing 
 PKI and Digital Certificates 
 Strong Authentication 
 Time Stamping 
 Payments 
 Host Card Emulation 
 Mobile Point-of-Sale Encryption 
 Point-to-Point Encryption 
 Data Security and Encryption 
 Application Level Encryption 
 Big Data Encryption 
 Database Encryption 
 TLS-SSL Encryption 
 Tokenization 
 Cloud Security 
 Bring Your Own Key - Hold Your Own Key - Double Key Encryption 
 Containerized Application Deployments 
 Subscription-Based HSMs 
 Web Services-Based Deployments 


 Compliance Back to Digital Security Americas 
 CCPA 
 FDA DEA CSOS 
 FDA DEA EPCS 
 GLBA 
 HIPAA 
 Mexico Data Protection Law 
 NIST 800-53 Fedramp 
 APAC 
 Australia Privacy Amendment 
 Monetary Authority of Singapore Guidance 
 Philipines Data Privacy Act 
 South Korea’s PIPA 
 Thailands Personal Data Protection Act 
 UIDAIS Aadhaar Number Regulation Compliance 
 EMEA 
 EIDAS 
 PSD2 
 South Africas Protection Personal Information Act 
 Global 
 GDPR 
 ISO-277992016 Compliance 
 ISOIEC-270022013 Compliance 
 PCI-DSS 
 Certification 
 Common Criteria 
 FIPS 140-2 


 Industry Back to Digital Security 
 Connected Vehicle Security 
 Financial Services 
 Government 
 Healthcare 
 High-Tech Manufacturing 
 Internet of Things Security 
 Pharmacies 
 US Federal Government 


 Services Back to Digital Security Custom Cryptographic Solutions 
 Code Signing 
 HSM Application Integration 
 Product Deployment Services 
 nShield Deployment Health Check 
 nShield Remote Administration Deployment 
 Rapid Deployment 
 PKI Professional Services 
 Training 
 nShield Certified Solution Developer Training 
 nShield Certified System Engineer Course 
 Public Key Infrastructure 
 Support 
 Packaged Services 
 Code Signing Gateway 
 Double Key Encryption Integration 
 Tokenization Solution 


 &lt.


Issuance Systems Issuance Systems Central Issuance 
 Financial Cards Back to Issuance Systems Financial Cards 
 Financial Cards Overview 
 Issuance Systems 
 Inline Delivery &amp.
Insertion 
 Standalone Delivery &amp.
Insertion 
 Software 
 Supplies 
 Services 


 Government Cards Back to Issuance Systems Government Cards 
 Government Cards Overview 
 Issuance Systems 
 Inline Delivery &amp.
Insertion 
 Standalone Delivery &amp.
Insertion 
 Software 
 Supplies 
 Services 


 Passports Back to Issuance Systems Passports 
 Issuance Systems 
 Passports Overview 
 Software 
 Supplies 
 Services 


 Instant Issuance 
 Financial Cards Back to Issuance Systems Financial Cards 
 Financial Cards Overview 
 Issuance Systems 
 Software 
 Supplies 
 Services 


 ID Cards Back to Issuance Systems ID Cards 
 ID Cards Overview 
 Issuance Systems 
 Software 
 Supplies 
 Services 


 Software 
 Issuance Software 
 &lt.


Solutions Solutions Industry Verticals 
 Financial 
 Government 
 Education 
 Enterprise 
 Healthcare 
 Retail 
 Regulatory Compliance 
 PSD2 
 HIPAA 
 GDPR 
 CMMC 
 eIDAS 
 Use Cases 
 Vaccine &amp.
Testing Credentials 
 Workforce Identity &amp.
Security 
 Mobile Device Management 
 ePassport 
 Food Labeling 
 Casino 
 &lt.


Partners Partners Partners and Programs 
 Find an Entrust Partner 
 Become a Partner 
 PartnerPlus Channel Program 
 Technology Alliance Program 
 nFinity HSM Channel Program 
 nFinity HSM Technology Program 
 Partner Logins 
 Partner Central 
 Entrust PartnerPage 
 SSL Partner Ordering Portal 
 Certificate Services Portal 
 TrustedCare 
 nFinity HSM Partner Portal 
 &lt.


Resources Resources 
 Central Card Issuance 
 Central Passport Issuance 
 Instant Financial Card Issuance 
 Instant ID Issuance 
 Issuance Software 


 Certificate Solutions 
 Identity and Access Management 
 Library 
 HSM 
 Training 
 Legal and Compliance 
 Covid 19 Updates 
 &lt.


Company Company 
 History 
 Leadership 
 Entrust Rebrand 


 Careers 
 Events 
 Webinars 
 News Articles 
 Press Releases 
 Blog 


 Contact Sales 
 Contact Support 
 Locations 
 &lt.



 Change Language Languages 
 English 
 中文 
 Português 
 Français 
 Deutsch 
 Русский 
 한국어 
 Español 
 Italiano 
 日本語 


 EN Languages 
 English 
 中文 
 Português 
 Français 
 Deutsch 
 Русский 
 한국어 
 Español 
 Italiano 
 日本語 


 Search: 
 Login Portals Customer 
 Entrust Certificate Services Portal 
 TrustedCare 
 Ecommerce 
 Instant Financial Card Issuance Supplies 
 Partners 
 Partner Central Identity and Access Management, PKI, Tech Alliance and Identity Essentials

 PartnerPage Instant ID Card Issuance, Instant Financial Card Issuance, Central Issuance

 SSL Partner Ordering Portal 
 TrustedCare Software Downloads and Marketing Development Funds





Home•••
Privacy
Legal and Compliance

Privacy Statement
 Privacy Privacy Statement 
 Introduction Introduction 

Last Updated November 19, 2020

Entrust Corporation (“Entrust”) values and respects your privacy.
This Privacy Statement together with the ‘Terms of Use’ of our websites and any other documents referenced here set forth Entrust’s personal data practices.


Personal data is information that identifies you, either alone or in combination with other information available to Entrust (e.g., your name or email address).
More detail about the types of personal data Entrust collects is set forth below.

 What Personal Data Does Entrust Collect? What Personal Data Does Entrust Collect? 


Information you provide to us

We collect personal data you provide to us when you visit our websites.
This includes information you provide when you register to use our websites, purchase products or services from our websites, subscribe to our services, search for products, participate in discussion boards or other social media functions on our websites, enter competitions, promotions or surveys, or when you report a problem with our websites.

We also collect personal data you provide when you contact us via email or telephone, or during business-related events, trade shows, sales or marketing activities hosted by Entrust or by third parties.
The information you provide may include your location, name, phone number, email address, mailing address, job title, place of employment, financial and credit card information.


Information we collect

When you visit our websites, we may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information related to your visit.
This information typically includes your location, IP address, the identity of your Internet Service Provider, the name and version of your operating system, the name and version of your browser, the date and time of your visit, and the pages you visit.
For more information, please see our Cookie Policy.
We collect information relating to the access, usage and performance of our websites.
This information is collected and stored in electronic records called logs.
These logs may record the names, usernames, manner of access, time of access and location of access of those who have visited our websites.


Information third parties provide to us

On occasion, we receive or obtain personal data from third parties.
For example, if you attend a meeting or event, the organizer of the event may share your personal data with us.
We may combine this information with information you provide to us and information we collect about you.
We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out below (depending on the types of information we receive).

 How Do We Use the Information We Collect? How Do We Use the Information We Collect? 

We only process personal data where we have a legal basis to do so (e.g., necessary for the performance of a contract, to comply with a legal obligation, to pursue our legitimate interests or where we have consent).
Here is a list of the most common uses for which we process personal data:

To set up your user account and validate your license to access our websites, online products and services;
To process and complete online transactions and send related information, including transaction confirmations and invoices;
To provide, maintain or troubleshoot access to our websites, online products, and services;
To improve the content, functionality and usability of our websites, online products and services;
To investigate and prevent fraudulent activity or unauthorized access to our websites, online products or services;
To provide you with effective customer service;
To conduct internal research and development;
To comply with applicable laws or regulations;
To contact you with special offers and other information we believe may be of interest to you and for advertising and marketing purposes;
To invite you to participate in surveys and provide feedback to us;
To better understand your needs and interests;
To measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device.


 Does Entrust Share and Disclose Personal Data? Does Entrust Share and Disclose Personal Data? 

We may share and disclose your personal data, but only under the following circumstances:

We may disclose or transfer your personal data to Entrust subsidiaries or affiliates.
We may disclose or transfer your personal data as part of a potential or actual company merger, acquisition, sale of a portion of Entrust or our assets or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or a business reorganization.
We may disclose your personal data to Entrust partners selling Entrust products and services that may be of interest to you.
We may share your personal data with third parties who provide services to us.
Examples of third-party service providers include payment processing providers, credit reference agencies, website analytics and advertising companies, and service providers who operate, maintain and support our websites, products and services.
We may disclose personal data in aggregate form to others, including strategic partners, advertisers, investors, and customers.
We may disclose personal data to protect, enforce or defend our rights or those of others, or where we believe the disclosure is required by law.

We may disclose personal data to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft, or to protect the security of our websites, products and services.


 Digital Advertising and Analytics Digital Advertising and Analytics 

We may partner with ad networks and other ad serving providers (“Advertising Providers”) that serve ads on behalf of us and others on non-affiliated platforms.
Some of those ads may be personalized, meaning they are intended to be relevant to you based on information Advertising Providers collect about your use of our website and other sites or apps over time, including information about relationships among different browsers and devices.
This type of advertising is known as interest-based advertising.
Entrust adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Principles in connection with this interest-based advertising activity.
You may visit the DAA Webchoices tool at www.aboutads.info to learn more about this type of advertising and how to opt out of this advertising on websites by companies participating in the DAA self-regulatory program.
If you delete your cookies or use a different browser, you may need to renew your opt-out choices exercised through the DAA Webchoices tool.
Note that electing to opt out will not stop advertising from appearing in your browser or applications.
It may make the ads you see less relevant to your interests.
Additionally, your browser may offer tools to limit the use of cookies or to delete cookies.
however, if you use these tools, our website may not function as intended.
We may also work with third parties that collect data about your use of our website and other sites or apps over time for non-advertising purposes.
Entrust uses Google Analytics and other third-party services to improve the performance of the website and for analytics or marketing purposes.
For more information about how Google Analytics collects and uses data when you use the website, visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners, and to opt out of Google Analytics, visit tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

 How Long Do We Retain Personal Data? How Long Do We Retain Personal Data? 

We only retain personal data for as long as necessary for the purpose in which it was collected.
For example, where your personal data is needed to provide you with access to our websites, online products or services, we retain your personal data for the period in which we are providing that access unless we are required by law to dispose of it earlier or to keep it longer.
We also retain personal data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, pursue legitimate business interests, conduct audits, and protect or enforce our rights.


 Where Do We Keep Your Personal Data and How Do We Protect it? Where Do We Keep Your Personal Data and How Do We Protect it? 

We use appropriate technical, organizational and administrative security measures to protect your personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
These security measures are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal data.
For example, payment transactions are encrypted using SSL technology or have appropriate safeguards in place to ensure the security and integrity of your personal data where stored on third party servers.

Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our websites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.
Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our websites.
any transmission is at your own risk.
Once we receive your information, we use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.

 International Data Transfers International Data Transfers 

The personal data that we collect from you may be transferred to and/or stored at a destination on our servers or our third party servers that is different from the location where it was collected.
It may also be processed by staff who work for us or for one of our suppliers in a location different from where the data was collected.
We will only transfer your personal data as permitted by law.
Certain privacy and data protection laws require data controllers to put in place safeguards to protect personal data transferred across borders.
To comply with this requirement, Entrust has put in place agreements that include the standard contractual clauses recommended by the European Commission to provide adequate safeguards for personal data.


 Who is the Data Controller? Who is the Data Controller? 

The data controller of any personal data we hold about you is Entrust Corporation.

 What Rights Do You Have With Respect to Your Personal Data? What Rights Do You Have With Respect to Your Personal Data? 

Depending upon the applicable data protection law in your country of residency, you may have the right to ask us for information relating to personal data about you we control and process.
to correct, delete, or restrict any active processing of your personal data.
and to obtain a copy of your personal data in a structured, machine readable format.
Additionally, you can object to the processing of your personal data in some circumstances (e.g., where we don’t have to process the information to meet a legitimate interest, contractual or other legal requirement).
Your right to object to processing of your personal data may be limited in certain circumstances (e.g., where fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person or where you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have other compelling legitimate interests to keep such as for purposes of fraud prevention).
We may need to request additional information from you to verify your identity or understand the scope of your request, although you will not be required to create an account with us to submit a request or have it fulfilled.
If we have collected and processed your personal data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting privacy@entrust.com.
Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal data on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
We may also send you direct marketing without requiring your consent.
for example, where our marketing is not based on other lawful grounds.
Note: This will not apply to electronic marketing to Canadian residents where consent is required.
To opt out of receiving marketing communications from Entrust, please click here.


 Children’s Privacy Children’s Privacy 

We do not knowingly collect personal data on individuals under 18 years of age.
Our websites, products and services are not intended for users under 18 years of age.

 External Website External Website 

Our websites may contain links to third party websites.
We do not control, and are not responsible for, the content or privacy practices of these other websites.
Our provision of such links does not constitute our endorsement of these other websites, their content, their owners, or their practices.
This Privacy Statement does not apply to third party websites.

 Amendments to This Privacy Statement Amendments to This Privacy Statement 

We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Statement from time to time as our business, laws, regulations and industry standards evolve.
Any changes are effective immediately following the posting of such changes on www.entrust.com.
We encourage you to review this statement from time to time to stay informed.


 Contact Us Contact Us 

If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Statement or our handling of your personal data, please contact us at privacy@entrust.com.
To submit a Data Subject Access Request, please use our online form.
You may also make this request by calling us toll-free at 1-888-563-9240.
We will do our best to answer your questions and address your concerns.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights as a data subject.
If you are still not satisfied, you may lodge a complaint with your national data protection supervisory authority.
The European Data Protection Board authorities can be found here.
The Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada can be found here.

 Download Download 
 Privacy Statement Privacy Statement (Spanish) Privacy Statement (French) Privacy Statement (German) 
 Contact


Contact Sales


Contact Support


Find a Location

 Company


About


Careers


Events


Webinars

 Newsroom 

Blog


Press Releases


News

 Product Resources


Entrust Store


Resources


Library


Training


Legal and Compliance


Covid 19 Updates

 Social

 Twitter

 Facebook

 Instagram

 LinkedIn

 YouTube




English


中文


Português


Français


Deutsch


Русский


한국어


Español


Italiano


日本語




Legal


Privacy Statement


Internet Based Ads


Terms of Service


Terms of Use


Company Policies


Cookie Policy

 ©2021 Entrust Corporation.
All rights reserved.
Contact Us ×

👋 Hello, if you have anyquestions, I'm ready to chat.
 Chat with Entrust
What would you like help with today? HSM
Key Management
Data Encryption
Cloud Security HSM
Key Management
Data Encryption
Cloud Security CMMC
Digital Certificates
Digital Signing Certificates
Identity and Access Mgmt
PKI/IoT
Instant ID Card Issuance
Instant Financial Card Issuance
Central Government Card Issuance
Central Financial Card Issuance
Central Passport Issuance It looks like our HSM agents are not available right now.
Would you like us to contact you?
Yes
No
 Great! We look forward to talking with you.
Please complete this simple form and we'll have someone get in touch with you shortly.
Request an Agent Call No problem.
If you’d like to explore HSMs on our website, here are some links to help:
View HSM Products Live chat:Chat with an Expert
      