
         Privacy Policy Last updated on Jan 6, 2022 Privacy Policy Last updated on Jan 6, 2022 Terms and Policies

 Privacy policy

 Terms of Service

 Passport Terms

 Purchases and returns

 Compliance

 CCPA Addendum

 GDPR DPA Addendum

 Subprocessors

 Security and privacy


Envoy, Inc.
("Envoy", "we", "us" and/or "our") has developed this Privacy Policy to describe how we collect, use and otherwise process information about you, that directly identifies you, or that makes you identifiable ("Personal Data") in connection with our website https://www.envoy.com (the "Site") and our mobile application ("Consumer Mobile Application"), (together the "Services") and what choices visitors you have with respect to that information.
Information We Collect
When you interact with us through the Services, we may collect Personal Data and other information from you, as further described below:
Personal Data That You Provide



Service Inquiries.
We collect Personal Data from you when you voluntarily provide such information, such as when you contact us with inquiries or register yourself or your company online for access to the Services.




Account Creation and Profile Information.
We collect Personal Data that you provide when you register for an account.
This information includes your full name, company email address, and password.
Once you create an account, you may also be able to update your account information, such as your name, phone number, email address, and other preferences and information.




Communications.
When you contact us through any method of communications, we may collect your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, or any other Personal Data you choose to provide to us.




Marketing Emails.
If you sign up to receive news or alerts from us, or join our wait list, we may collect your email and applicable interests and communication preferences.
If you wish to stop receiving email messages from us, please use the unsubscribe button included in such communications.




Feedback Information.
We may also collect and feedback and ratings you provide relating to our Service.



Personal Data Automatically Collected
As is true ofmost digital platforms, we and our third-party providers and partners collect certain Personal Data automatically when you visit or interact with our Service:



Log Data.
Including your internet protocol (IP) address, operating system, browser type, browser ID, the URL you entered and the referring page/campaign, date/time of your visit, the time you spent on our services and any errors that may occur during your visit to our Service.
Our Services may collect and use your location information (for example, by using the Location Services on your mobile device) to provide certain functionality of our Services, including facilitating Visitor registration for Business Customers (as discussed below).
Your location information is not made available to other users without your express permission.




Analytics Data.
Including the electronic path you take to our services, through our services and when exiting our services, as well as your usage and activity on our services, such as the links, objects, products and benefits you view, click or otherwise interact with, including your search history (also known as "Clickstream Data").
We may also derive information on your preferences based on Clickstream Data.




Application Data.
Some of our services offer mobile or browser applications to allow you to take advantage of our service offerings on the go and/or when visiting third-party websites and other online services.
Certain of these applications also allow us to access more precise location data about you and collect information about your use and interactions with third-party websites and online services (including the products or services you are interested in or purchase) to better serve you.



For information about our, and our third-party providers and partners', use of cookies and related technologies to collect information automatically on our online services, and the choices you may have in relation to those practices, please visit our How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies section of our Privacy Policy.
Personal Data from Other Sources and Third Parties
Although we often collect the Personal Data described above directly from you, we also collect this information through service providers and other third parties that collect it on our behalf, as noted below.



Social Media.
If you choose to interact with us on social media or third party service, such as when you like, follow or share our content on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram or other sites, or interact with social media icons on our Service, we may collect Personal Data about you from your social media account that you make public.
We use Personal Data collected in connection with your social media account to communicate with you, better understand your interests and preferences, and better understand our customer base in the aggregate.




Account Creation / Single Sign-On.
We may use single sign-on ("SSO") to allow a user to authenticate their account through their work email.
We will have access to certain information from those third parties in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by those third parties, including, for example, your username, password, name, email address, and profile picture.




Business Partners.
Our business partners collect Personal Data in connection with our Services and often share some or all of this information with us.




Service Providers.
Our service providers, such as our website and service operators and marketing providers, collect Personal Data to provide the service and often share some or all of this information with us.



Our Use of Personal Data
We may use the Personal Data we collect through our Service to:


Provide the Service;


Administer and improve our Service, including test different configurations of our Service, diagnose errors and problems with our Service.



Remember you and the choices you have made in relation to our Service.



Provide you with news about products and services we or our preferred partners offer and deliver marketing communications and advertisements based on your interests and interactions with us;


Incorporate ideas from your responses into our business operations and customer service models;


Respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;


Communicate with you regarding our Services, offerings, and products (including by sending you service-related emails).



Facilitate our day-to-day business operations, such as maintaining accounts and processing transactions.



Develop new products and services, and improve existing products and services;


Aggregate information we receive from you and third parties to help understand your needs, customize our services and offerings to you, and provide you better service.



Conduct research and analytics designed to understand our customer base and improve our products, services, and customer experience.



Prevent, investigate or provide notice of fraud or unlawful or criminal activity.



Enforce and carry out contracts and agreements, including our Terms of Use ;


Comply with legal obligations.



To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide Personal Data.
and


For any other lawful purpose, or other purpose that you consent to.


Please note that we link the Personal Data we collect in connection with your Services with the other Personal Data that we collect about you and may use it for the purposes we describe in more detail in the other sections of this Privacy Policy.
Our Disclosure of Personal Data
We may also share, transmit, disclose, grant access to, make available, and provide Personal Data with and to third parties, as described below.



Within Envoy.
We are able to offer you the services we make available because of the hard work of the entire Envoy team.
Envoy entities disclose Personal Data to other Envoy companies and brands that are owned or controlled by Envoy, and other companies owned by or under common ownership as Envoy.
These companies will use your Personal Data in the same way as we can under this Privacy Notice.




Business Partners.
We may disclose Personal Data to our business partners for transactional and marketing purposes, including to promote their products or services.




Data Analytics Providers.
We may share Personal Data with data analytics providers who analyze statistics and trends relating to the usage of and activity relating to our services.
These data analytics providers produce reports and make suggestions for our customer and business strategy based on the Personal Data and other information analyzed.




Communication Providers.
We share Personal Data with third parties who assist us in providing our customer service experience and facilitating our communications with you, including third parties that provide call center, email and chat support services.




Other Service Providers.
In addition to the third parties identified above, we engage other third parties to perform certain functions on our behalf in connection with the uses of Personal Data described in the Our Collection of Personal Data and Our Use of Personal Data section above, including rewards tracking, communication printing, website hosting, information technology support, content development and fraud monitoring.
Depending on the function the third party serves, the service provider may process Personal Data on our behalf or have access to Personal Data while performing functions on our behalf.




Corporate Transactions or Reorganization.
We may take part in or be involved with a corporate business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, or financing or sale of company assets.
We may disclose Personal Data to a third party during negotiation of, in connection with or as an asset in such a corporate business transaction.
Personal Data may also be disclosed in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.




Legal Obligations and Rights.
We may disclose Personal Data to third parties, such as legal advisors and law enforcement:



In connection with the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims.



To comply with laws and regulations or to respond to lawful requests and legal process.



To protect our rights and property and the rights and property of our agents, customers, and others, including to enforce our agreements, policies, and Terms of Service;


To detect, suppress, or prevent fraud.



To reduce credit risk and collect debts owed to us.



To protect the health and safety of us, our customers, or any person.
or 


As otherwise required by applicable law.





Consent.
We may disclose Personal Data about you to certain other third parties with your consent.



How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies to Collect Information
We, and our third-party partners, automatically collect certain types of usage information when you visit our Site, read our emails, or otherwise engage with us.
We typically collect this information through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies, web beacons, embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies, file information, and similar technology (collectively, "tracking technologies").
We, and our third-party partners, use tracking technologies to automatically collect usage and device information, such as:


Information about your device and its software, such as your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, device type/model/manufacturer, operating system, date and time stamp, and a unique ID that allows us to uniquely identify your browser or your account (including, for example, a persistent device identifier or an Ad ID), and other such information.
We may also work with third-party partners to employ technologies, including the application of statistical modeling tools, which permit us to recognize and contact you across multiple devices.


When you access our sites from a mobile device, we may collect unique identification numbers associated with your device or our Consumer Mobile Application (including, for example, a UDID, Unique ID for Advertisers ("IDFA"), Google AdID, or Windows Advertising ID), mobile carrier, device type, model and manufacturer, mobile device operating system brand and model, phone number, and depending on your mobile device settings, or we may be able to approximate a device's location by analyzing other information, like an IP address.


Information about the way you access and use our Services, for example, the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave our services, the pages you visit, the links you click, whether you open emails or click the links contained in emails, whether you access the services from multiple devices, and other actions you take on the Site.


We may collect analytics data or use third-party analytics tools such as Google Analytics to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the services and to understand more about the demographics of our users.
You can learn more about Google's practices at https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites and view its opt-out options at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.


We use the data collected through tracking technologies to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site.
(b) provide custom, personalized content and information, including targeted content and advertising.
(c) identify you across multiple devices.
(d) provide and monitor the effectiveness of our services.
(e) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, usage, and demographic patterns on our Site.
(f) diagnose or fix technology problems.
and (g) otherwise to plan for and enhance our services.
If you would prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it.
(ii) disable existing cookies.
or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject cookies.
Please note that doing so may negatively impact your experience using the Service, as some features and services on our Service may not work properly.
Depending on your mobile device and operating system, you may not be able to delete or block all cookies.
You may also set your e-mail options to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain technologies that would allow us to know whether you have accessed our e-mail and performed certain functions with it.
Your Choices
You can visit the Site without providing any Personal Data.
If you choose not to provide any Personal Data, you may not be able to use certain features of the Site or the Services.
Envoy Collection and Processing of Business Customer Data
Envoy provides Services to its Business Customers, including Visitor Registration.
In connection with those Services, our Business Customers may electronically submit to us data or information they possess about their Visitors and/or our Business Customers' employees (including you) may electronically submit to us Personal Data (including medical information) ("Business Customer Data") for hosting and processing purposes in connection with the Services.
You should note that by using the Services, you may have the option to grant access or otherwise share your Personal Data with a Business Customer in an automated manner.
Envoy will collect and process Business Customer Data per the terms of our relevant agreement with our Business Customers, or as may be required by law.
Envoy will disclose Business Customer Data to our Business Customers and other entities when instructed by our Business Customers.
We may also disclose Business Customer Data to our agents, consultants and related third parties as necessary to provide services that the Business Customer has requested.
A Business Customer's use and disclosure of your Personal Data which you have made available through the Services is governed by the terms of such Business Customer's privacy policy or other agreements which you may in place with such Business Customer.
The Services may permit a Business Customer (or its authorized agents) to connect with a Visitor through the Services, including via SMS or email or other methods of communication.
Note that by communicating with a Visitor, an agent of a Business Customer may be sharing its Personal Data, including its name and email address, with such Visitor.
This Privacy Policy does not govern the use of Personal Data by a Visitor.
Exclusions
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any Personal Data collected by Envoy other than Personal Data collected through the Services.
This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to Envoy through any means.
This includes, but is not limited to, information posted to any public areas of the Site or the Services, any ideas for new products or modiﬁcations to existing products, and other unsolicited submissions (collectively, "Unsolicited Information").
All Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-conﬁdential and Envoy shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such Unsolicited Information to others without limitation or attribution.
Children
Envoy does not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13.
If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any Personal Data.
We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Data without their permission.
If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to Envoy, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
Links to Other Web Sites
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services.
The Site or Services may contain links to other web sites not operated or controlled by Envoy.
The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the third party sites or services.
Any links do not imply that Envoy endorses or has reviewed third party sites or services.
We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies.
Data Protection
International Data Transfers And Contractual Terms
Envoy may transfer your Personal Data to countries other than the one in which you live.
We deploy the following safeguards if Envoy transfers Personal Data originating from the European Union or Switzerland to other countries not deemed adequate under applicable data protection law:

European Union Model Clauses. Envoy offers European Union Model Clauses, also known as Standard Contractual Clauses, to meet the adequacy and security requirements for our Customers that operate in the European Union,and other international transfers of Customer Data.
If you would like to request a copy of our standard data processing addendum, incorporating model clauses, please email us at dataprivacy@envoy.com.
Identifying The Data Controller And Processor
Data protection law in certain jurisdictions differentiates between the "controller" and "processor" of information.
In general, the Business Customer is the controller of Customer Data.
In general, Envoy is the processor of Customer Data and the controller of other information.
Your Rights
Individuals located in certain countries, including the European Economic Area, have certain statutory rights in relation to their personal data.
Subject to any exemptions provided by law, you may have the right to request access to Information, as well as to seek to update, delete or correct this Information.
You can usually do this using the settings and tools provided in the Envoy Dashboard.
If you cannot use the settings and tools, contact the company where you checked in as a visitor, or email dataprivacy@envoy.com for additional access and assistance.
To the extent that Envoy's processing of your Personal Data is subject to the General Data Protection Regulation, Envoy may do so in order to provide the Services.
Envoy may also process other information that constitutes your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes and you have a right to object to Envoy's use of your Personal Data for this purpose at any time.
Changes to Envoy's Privacy Policy
Our business may change from time to time.
As a result, at times it may be necessary for Envoy to make changes to this Privacy Policy.
Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any Personal Data.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated below.
If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify individuals by email to their registered email address, by prominent posting on our Services, or through other appropriate communication channels.
All changes shall be effective from the date of publication unless otherwise provided.
Access to Information.
Contacting Envoy
To keep your Personal Data accurate, current, and complete, please contact us as speciﬁed below.
We will take reasonable steps to update or correct Personal Data in our possession that you have previously submitted.
Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about Envoy's Privacy Policy or our information practices.

Contact Information

If you have any questions or comments about our Privacy Policy as outlined above, you can contact us at dataprivacy@envoy.com.


Envoy, Inc.
410 Townsend St, Suite 410
San Francisco, CA 94107
United States

Last updated on Jan 6, 2022
