
         Privacy Policy    1.
General 

Your privacy is important to us and we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the collection and use of the personal information you submit at this Website.
If you are visiting the Website from outside the United States, please be advised that your personal data will be processed by Eparents Online(The Company) in the United States where data protection and privacy regulations may differ from similar regulations in other countries.
By using the Website, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country if you are located outside of the United States.
Additionally, by using the Website, you consent to Eparents Online using your personal information to contact you electronically, in writing, or otherwise to provide notices relating to your use of the Website and to give you information about the products and services offered by Eparents Online.
If you would like to opt out of future promotional materials from us, you may indicate this preference by following the unsubscribe instructions at the end of such communications from us.  

2.
Personally-Identifiable Information 

In order to obtain services from Eparents Online, we require that you provide us with certain personally identifiable information (please see our Terms of Service for additional details).
The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected by Eparents Online through the Website include, without limitation: name, address, e-mail address, cell phone number and MSISDN (mobile station integrated services digital network number), download history, texts, messages, customer generated content and/or information about your interests in and use of various products, programs, and services.
Eparents Online will not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you provide it to us voluntarily.  We may use such personally identifiable information to provide the services that you have requested, to contact you about programs, products, features or services in which we believe you may be interested (such as future promotional materials), or for other purposes disclosed from time to time.
We also may use your personally identifiable information to contact you regarding your use of our Website or changes to our Privacy Policy, Terms of Service, or other policies or terms that affect you and your use of our Website and services.
In addition, we may use information collected about our users to improve the content and navigation of our Website, or for other internal purposes.
To fulfill your requests for products and services, we may share the personally identifiable information you provide with your cell phone service provider.
Please know that this Privacy Policy does not cover such entities use of information.
To learn more about your provider's privacy practices, you should consult its privacy policy.


In addition, we may disclose personally identifiable information collected about you in the following instances: A.
Legal Action: We may disclose information about our users, including personally identifiable information.
(i) when requested by governmental or quasi-governmental authorities conducting an investigation.
(ii) if required to do so by subpoena, court order or legal process.
(iii) to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Website and applicable laws.
or (iv) to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website.
We also may disclose user information whenever we believe disclosure is necessary to limit our legal liability.
to protect or defend our rights or property.
or protect the safety, rights, or property of our users.
B.
Change in Control: We may sell, transfer, or otherwise disclose user information, including personally identifiable information, to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, the sale of substantially all assets, or other corporate change respecting Eparents Online, the Website and/or the services offered hereby.
Except as stated in this Privacy Policy, or as otherwise stated at the time personally-identifiable information is gathered.  

3.
Access to Personal Information 

If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, delete or deactivate it by making the change on our member information page or by emailing our Customer Support at info@eparentsonline.com.
We will respond to your request to access within 30 days.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.  

4.
Cookies 

To enhance your experience with the Website, we use "cookies" on our Website.
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features.
Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering at our Website.
However, once you become a customer and furnish the Website with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our Website.
For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our Website (e.g., to recognize you when you return to the Website).
With most internet browsers, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored.
Please consult the "Help" section of your browser for more information.
However, certain areas of the Website can be accessed only in conjunction with cookies or similar devices and you should be aware that disabling cookies or similar devices might prevent you from accessing some of our content.
The use of cookies by our service partners is not covered by our privacy statement.
We do/do not have access or control over these cookies.
Our service partners use session ID cookies to allow us to improve site navigation and usage.  

5.
Web Beacons 

Our service partners employ a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a.
Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective.
Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users.
In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence.
We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers' personally identifiable information.  

6.
Children The Website is not directed at individuals less than seventeen (17) years of age and Eparents Online does not intend to collect any personally-identifiable information from such individuals, unless otherwise stated at the time such information is collected.  

7.
Information Collected Automatically 

Eparents Online may also (i) automatically collect non-personally-identifiable information about your use of the Website, such as the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, Comcast.net, if you are connecting from a Comcast account), the date and time you access the Website, and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our Website.
and (ii) use data capture and analysis tools, and other similar tools, to extract, compile and analyze any non-personally identifiable data or information resulting from your use of the Website and the services offered thereon (collectively "Blind Data").
To the extent that any Blind Data is collected by Eparents Online, such Blind Data shall be solely owned by Eparents Online and may be used by Eparents Online for any lawful business purpose, including, without limitation, analyzing and enhancing the Website and services offered.


8.
Testimonials 

We post customer testimonials on our web site which may contain personally identifiable information.
We do obtain the customer's consent via email prior to posting the testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial.
If you wish to request to have your testimonial removed, you may contact us at info@eparentsonline.com.
  

9.
Public Forums 

Our Web site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums.
You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them.
To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at info@eparentsonline.com.
In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.  

10.
Links to Other Websites 

The Website may contain links, whose information practices may be different than Eparents Online.
Visitors should consult such sites' privacy notices as Eparents Online does not have any control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, them.
Eparents Online does not make any representations or warranties as to the security of any information (including, without limitation personal information) you might be requested to provide.
These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by Eparents Online.
Eparents Online cannot ensure that you will be satisfied with any products or services that you access from a site that links to or from the Website, since these sites are owned and operated independently.
Eparents Online is not responsible for the content of linked sites and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such sites.
Eparents Online has not taken any steps to confirm the accuracy or reliability of any of the information contained in such sites.
If you decide to access linked sites, you do so at your own risk.
Eparents Online strongly encourages you to make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or off-line transaction with any of these sites.  

11.
Data Security Policy 

The importance of security for all personally-identifiable information associated with visitors to the Website—as well as Eparents Online customer information, such as cell phone numbers, email, addresses, and other account data—is of utmost concern to Eparents Online, and we have implemented, and periodically review, certain physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to help prevent unauthorized access and maintain data security.
Your personal information is always safe.
Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions.
It encrypts all of your personal information, including name and address.
Unfortunately, due to the open nature of Internet communications, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be secure, and thus we cannot guarantee that communications between you and Eparents Online will be free from unauthorized access.
Visitors of the Website and Eparents Online customers use the Website at their own risk.  

12.
Your Acceptance of These Terms 

By accessing the Website, you signify your assent to Eparents Online Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not access the Website.
You should visit this page periodically, as we may, from time to time, update this Privacy Policy and such changes shall be effectively immediately upon posting on the Website and without further notice to you.  Your continued access to the Website following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy shall be deemed an acceptance of such changes by you.
Eparents Online will, however, use personally-identifiable information only in accordance with the version of the Privacy Policy under which the information was collected.  

13.
Changes in This Privacy Policy We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices.
If we make any material changes, we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective.
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.  
 Questions/Concerns? 

If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@eparentsonline.com.

