
         EParent Program Terms &amp.
Conditions 
Hello, and welcome to EParents ("The Service"), owned and operated by EParents Online ("The Company").
EParents Online is a company that company that provides tools and resources for current, expecting, or future parents.
EParents Online also gives access to developmental planning systems, articles on various parenthood challenges, and a premium member program that includes a multitude of benefits.
EParents Online reserves the right to change the Terms of Use.
The most current version will be accessible through https://eparentsonline.com/ep-terms.php

 By signing up for the EParents SMS service through our website, you are agreeing to sign up for the EParents Service, these Terms of Use, and to receive messages on your mobile phone.
When you sign up for the EParents service, you will receive recurring messages based on account activity.


Fees 

EParents Online does not charge you to participate in the EParents Service.
However, message and data rates may apply from your wireless carrier.
Please consult your wireless carrier for applicable text messaging fees.
Under no circumstances will EParents Online be responsible for fees that your wireless carrier may charge you for use of The EParents service.  

Privacy 

EParents Online respects and protects your privacy.
We do not share any information collected.  To see our Privacy Policy, click here http://www.eparentsonline.com/ep-privacy.php/ 

Limitations on Use 

You must be at least 17 years old to register for and use the EParents service.
If you are under 17 years old, please obtain your parents' permission before you sign up for the EParents service.  

Supported Carriers 

Mobile carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.


Participating carriers include T-Mobile®, Verizon Wireless, AT&T, Sprint, Boost, U.S.
Cellular®, MetroPCS, Virgin Mobile, and Cricket.


Support Issues, Canceling or Unsubscribing 

You may opt out of the EParents service at any time by texting STOP, QUIT, END, CANCEL, UNSUBSCRIBE, or STOP ALL to 67344.
Alternatively, you can send an email to info@eparentsonline.com with your mobile phone number as the subject line.
For help or other support issues, you can also send an email to info@eparentsonline.com Text HELP to 67344 from your mobile phone or call the following toll-free phone number: 1-833-259-1236 

Ownership.
Trademarks.
Modifications to Offers 

You agree that EParents Online or its partners will own all legal right, title and interest in and to the EParents services and any offers made through the EParents services, including any intellectual property rights.
You agree that you shall not alter or modify any offers made through the EParents service, and shall not remove, obscure or alter any proprietary rights notices (including copyright or trademark notices) which made be affixed to the EParents services or offers made through the EParents services.
Except as may be expressly authorized by a partner, you agree that you will not use any Trademark, service mark, trade name, or logo ("Trademarks") of any entity in a way that is likely to or intended to cause confusion with respect to ownership of a Trademark, or that is likely to or intended to be detrimental to the goodwill in such Trademarks.  

Termination 

EParents Online reserves the right, at our sole discretion, to terminate your subscription at any time without notice or without future obligation.


Disclaimer of Warranties 

EParents Online makes no warranties, express or implied regarding the EParents service.
The EParents service is provided "as is" and on an "as available" basis, and EParents Online DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
Factors beyond the control of EParents Online including without limitation, the speed of the mobile carrier networks and the internet may affect the performance of the EParents service.
EParents Online is not responsible for any acts that are beyond the control of EParents Online.


Limitation of Liability 

Under no circumstances will EParents Online, its officers, directors, employees, or agents be liable to you for any damages whatsoever with respect to your use of the EParents service.
Including without limitation, any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, exemplary or special damages even if advised of the possibility of the same.
To the extent that in a particular circumstance any disclaimer or limitation on damages or liability set forth herein is prohibited by applicable law, then, instead of the provisions hereof in such particular circumstance, EParents Online will be entitled to the maximum disclaimers and/or limitations on damages and liability available at law or in equity by such applicable law in such particular circumstance, and notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will EParents Online be liable for any damages or liability arising under these terms of use or your use of the EParents service that exceeds US $500.  

Indemnity 

You agree to indemnify and hold each Company party harmless from any claim or demand, and any damages, costs, or expenses arising in connection with such claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs, made by any other party due to or arising out of your breach of this agreement or the documents it incorporates by reference, or your violation of any law or the right of another party.  

Governing Law.
Venue 

This agreement and its validity, construction and performance will be governed in all respects by the laws, and in the state and federal courts of the state of Texas, without regard to its choice of law provisions.
You irrevocably agree to accept the exclusive personal jurisdiction and waive any objections to the venue of such courts.

