









ResultsMore ResultsSee All Resultsno results foundMake sure all words and movie titles are spelled correctly and try again.





Menu
OriginalsSeries &amp.
more

MoviesBrowse by Genre

CollectionsStaff picks &amp.
more

ScheduleOn-air TV schedule



Add DevicesDevice
Get EPIXGet EPIX
Log In
ResultsMore ResultsSee All Resultsno results foundMake sure all words and movie titles are spelled correctly and try again.



Privacy Policy and Your California Privacy RightsLast modified: February 20, 2020This is the official privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describing our privacy practices for www.epix.com, www.epixnow.com and any other website, application, or interactive services you also use that are offered by us (all such websites, applications and other interactive services, collectively, “Applications,” or, in connection with one such website, application, or service, “Application”).
The Applications are owned, operated and/or provided by EPIX Entertainment LLC (collectively, “EPIX,” “we,” “us” or “our”, and together with its Affiliates, collectively referred to herein as “Network”).
These Applications are offered in cooperation or connection with the EPIX television channel and other programming services (such as television networks, websites, applications or other interactive services) and, from time to time, may offer other products and services under various brands (collectively, the “EPIX Service”).
“Affiliates” refers to all affiliates that EPIX directly or indirectly owns or controls or is owned or controlled by.1.
When This Privacy Policy Applies.This Privacy Policy applies:To all Information (as that term is defined below) collected by the Applications (as defined above), but does not, unless specifically stated, apply to any information collected by any other company;To our use of combined information if we combine Information (as that term is defined below) collected by the Applications with other information we collect from other sources (for example, information collected at a physical location), marketing companies or Advertisers.
andCertain products or services offered by these Applications may be subject to additional privacy practices, such as practices on how Information is collected, used, shared, and/or disclosed by such products or services and/or how you may exercise choice with regard to such Information (“Additional Privacy Statements”).
These Additional Privacy Statements, if any, shall be provided to you in conjunction with those products and services and are hereby incorporated in this Privacy Policy by reference.
To the extent that there is a conflict between this Privacy Policy and any Additional Privacy Statement for the activity in which you choose to participate, the Additional Privacy Statement shall govern.2.
Cross-Border Transfer of Data.By using the Applications, participating in any activities in connection with the Applications, and/or providing us with your Personal Information and Other Information, you consent to the transfer and/or processing of any Information to and in the U.S.We participate in the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Frameworks for handling personal data collected within the European Economic Area, UK, or Switzerland and transferred to the U.S.
Click here to learn more.3.
What Information Is Collected.When we use the term “Personal Information”, we mean information that you provide us that identifies you or would allow someone to contact you, such as your full name, postal address, email address, or telephone number.
When we use the term “Other Information”, we mean any other information that may be collected about you, including, but not limited to, Device and advertising identifiers and information collected through cookies or other Tracking Technologies or Identifiers (as those terms are defined below).
Personal Information and Other Information shall be referred to, together, as “Information”.3.1.
Information We Collect that You Provide Us.3.1.1.
User Registration.
Third Party Social Media Network Sign-On.
If we offer user registration on the Applications, to register as a member of the Applications, there may be a few options for you to register: Application Registration (as described below) and Third Party Social Media Network Sign-On (as described below), if offered by the particular Application.
In each case, you are required to either use a pre-existing user name and password (together, your “User ID”) or select a new User ID.3.1.2.
Application Registration.
For Application registration, you are required to select a User ID and may be required to also provide other Information, such as your email address and date of birth.
Additional Information may be requested and/or required during the registration process.3.1.2.1.
Third Party Social Media Network Sign-On.
We may provide you with the ability to sign on to the Applications by using third party social media network credentials (“SMN”).
If you choose to sign-in through an SMN, you may be required to provide us with all or some of the Information required in the Application’s registration form and your use of the Applications shall be governed by the applicable SMN’s privacy policy and user agreements as well as this Privacy Policy and the Application’s Terms of Use Agreement.
Please note that the SMN may set additional or different requirements for membership than those set for the Applications, such as minimum age.
We, and Network, are not responsible for the use of any such SMN, or for the accuracy, use, or misuse of any information that you may disclose to or receive from an SMN or other third party in connection with such use.
If you use an SMN to sign-in, we may receive certain information from such SMN and our use of your Information we receive from any SMN is governed by the relevant policies of any such SMN and any permissions you give us regarding your Information, including, but not limited to, those set forth in this Privacy Policy.
If you have questions about whether a particular feature, function, or service of the Applications is powered by a third party, you may contact us with your question as provided in Section 12.2 (Questions) below.3.1.3.
In Connection with Certain Features and Functions.
We may also provide you with access to certain features or functions that we may offer on the Applications, such as the option to participate in commenting, shopping, and member profile pages.
To sign up for or participate in these features or functions, you may be required to provide us with certain Information about you in order for us to personalize and/or allow you to use such features and functions.
For example, if we offer e-Commerce services on an Application, if you order any of our goods or services through such services, in addition to your name and contact information, we (or our operational service providers that we use to provide the e-Commerce service) may also collect and/or maintain your billing address, shipping address, selections, credit card or other payment instrument information, order number, and information about your computer’s internet address and website which may have referred or directed you to the Applications.The Applications may also provide features, functions, and/or services powered by an SMN or other third party.
For example, Information may be disclosed to an SMN through plug-ins offered by such SMN (such as Likes, Shares or commenting).
Please take care when using any SMN or other third party service and familiarize yourself with the SMN’s or other third party’s policies and agreements, if any, that govern such use.3.1.4.
In Connection with Promotions such as Contests and Sweepstakes.
There may be a separate registration process to enter Promotions (as defined in the Application’s Terms of Use Agreement) such as contests and sweepstakes that may require the submission of all or some of the following: your first and last name, street address, city, state, zip code, email address, telephone number, and date of birth.
Additional Information may be requested depending on the specific Promotion.
The Promotion’s entry page and/or Rules shall provide the specific requirements.
You may also have the opportunity to opt-in to receive special Promotions or offers from our third party advertisers, sponsors, or promotional partners (“Advertisers”) as a result of your use of the Applications in connection with these Promotions.3.2.
Information Collected Through Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.The Applications and/or third parties may use “cookies”, “web beacons”, Flash local shared objects and other similar tracking technologies (collectively, “Tracking Technologies”) to collect Other Information automatically as you browse and use the Applications and other websites, applications, or other interactive services.
“Cookies” are typically html or browser-based text or other files (and often referred to as browser cookies) that help store information, user preferences, and/or user activity.
“Web beacons” (also known as image tags, gif, tracking pixels or web bugs) are small pieces of code used to collect data, such as counting page views, promotion views, or advertising responses.
Flash local shared objects (“LSOs”) (sometimes known as Flash cookies) are text or other files that help store user preferences and/or activity.These Tracking Technologies collect “click stream” data and additional Other Information regarding your visits to the Applications (such as your visits to the Application’s webpages or Application, type of browser used, device type and model, system language, Wi-Fi status, device motion parameters, carrier, type of operating system used, date and time of viewing, use of our features, and purchasing history or preferences) or other websites, applications, or interactive services.
Through these Tracking Technologies, we may collect such Other Information across multiple sessions on these Applications and other websites, applications, or other interactive services and may also collect or access your IP address and/or set or access some other identifier unique to the Device(s), Device platform, and/or Device-Internet browser combination you use to access the Applications (“Identifier”).
For example, we may set a unique alphanumeric Identifier unique to your home computer on Firefox, or access an Identifier provided by a mobile platform, such as the application or advertising Identifiers offered by Apple.
Your Personal Information is not collected as part of this process but we may combine any or all of the Other Information we collect using Tracking Technologies and associate it and/or Identifiers with your Personal Information (such as your User ID) and/or with other non-personally identifiable unique identifiers assigned by Network or third parties.3.2.1.
The Applications’ Use of Tracking Technologies to Collect Information.
We may use Tracking Technologies in the emails we send to you.
We use Tracking Technologies to enable us to collect and then use Information as described in Section 4.2 “Other Information Collected By Us” under “How Is Collected Information Used” below.
For example, we use Tracking Technologies to prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times or seeing advertisements too frequently, to tailor your experience on the Applications by delivering relevant personalized advertising, email marketing, and other content, and to record if you have opted out of receiving personalized advertising from us.3.2.2.
Third Parties’ Use of Tracking Technologies to Collect Information.
These Applications may also use third party advertising networks, data exchanges, data management platforms, supply side platforms, ad exchanges, traffic or audience measurement service providers, marketing analytics service providers, and other third parties (collectively, “Third Party Service Providers”) to, for example, facilitate personalized advertisements (“Customized Advertising”) and/or other content, serve advertisements on the Applications, assist in our marketing and advertising to other users or potential users, and/or measure and analyze advertising or content effectiveness and/or traffic on the Applications.
Customized Advertising enables us to, among other things, help deliver advertisements to you for products and services that you might be interested in based on your visits to the Applications and other websites, applications, or other interactive services you have visited.Third Party Service Providers, as well as Advertisers and other third parties, may themselves set and access their own Tracking Technologies on your Device subject to your choices about those Tracking Technologies (see “Tracking Technologies set by Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers” section below and “More Information on Managing Tracking Technologies” section below) and/or they may otherwise collect or have access to Information about you and your online activities over time and across different websites, applications, and interactive services when you use the Applications.Except to the extent necessary to provide services to the Applications, Third Party Service Providers do not have access to Tracking Technologies set by the Applications, but we may provide to Third Party Service Providers certain Other Information collected by Tracking Technologies set by the Applications in order for the Applications to provide Customized Advertising or in order for the Third Party Service Providers to provide other services to the Applications, such as measuring or analyzing advertising or content effectiveness or traffic on the Applications.
For example, in order to analyze traffic on the Applications, we may provide to our Third Party Service Providers certain information we collect about your interaction with the Applications along with an Identifier so that the Third Party Service Provider may provide analytics services to the Applications.4.
How Collected Information Is Used.As set forth in this Privacy Policy, we may share Information with Network and other third parties.4.1.
Personal Information.
Network may use the Personal Information we collect from you in a variety of ways, including:
Sending marketing and promotional emails, newsletters or, subject to the “Text Messaging Marketing and Promotions” Section below, text messages offering goods and/or services that may be of interest to users, whether those goods and/or services are provided by the Applications, Network, or third parties (for example, we may send you an email about a product sold by a third party or about a new show);
Processing your registration with the Applications, such as verifying that your email address is active and valid as an existing registered member of this Applications;
Contacting you regarding the administration of your account, any services, features, or functions you have enrolled in or registered to use, any Promotions you have participated in or have entered, any goods and/or services you have ordered through e-Commerce services available on the Applications, or any other transactions you have undertaken with the Applications;
Allowing you to participate in the public areas and/or other features of the Applications;
Responding to your questions or other requests;
Contacting you regarding your use of the Applications, for informational purposes related to the Applications, or, in our discretion, regarding changes to the Application’s policies;
Improving the Applications or our services and for internal business purposes;
Tailoring your experience on, and/or otherwise customizing what you see when you visit, the Applications, and/or other sites, applications, or other interactive services across Devices, whether owned, operated, and/or provided by Network or by third parties (for example, to provide recommendations on content or provide advertisements, emails, or other content of more interest to you);
Saving your User ID or other Personal Information, so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit the Applications;
Assist in our marketing and advertising to other users or potential users;
Otherwise to maintain and administer the Applications.
and
For other purposes disclosed at the time you provide the Personal Information.
4.2.
Other Information Collected by Us.
Network uses the Other Information we collect from you in a variety of ways, including:
Keeping count of your return visits to the Applications or Advertisers’ or partners’ sites, applications, or other interactive services;
Accumulating and reporting aggregate, statistical information in connection with the Applications and user activity;
Analyzing, determining, or anticipating which features, webpages, products, and services users like best to, among other things, help us operate the EPIX Service, enhance and improve the EPIX Service and/or third party websites, applications, or other interactive services, and display advertising and marketing information on EPIX Service (for example, to provide ads of interest to you on the EPIX Service or third party sites, applications, or interactive services, to analyze effectiveness of advertisements, to assess the appeal of certain content to our general Applications’ audience, and to understand your interactions with email messages we send and the content contained in such messages (such as the links clicked on within marketing and promotional emails we send and whether such messages were opened or forwarded);
Preparing statistics reports;
Allowing you to participate in the public areas and/or other features of the Applications (for example, to enable you to use shopping carts on the Applications);
Improving our services, the Applications, and/or other websites, applications, or other interactive services and for internal business purposes;
Tailoring your experience on, and/or otherwise customizing what you see when you visit the Applications and/or other sites, applications, or other interactive services across Devices whether owned, operated, and/or provided by Network or by third parties (for example, to provide recommendations on content or provide advertisements, emails, or other content of more interest to you);
Saving certain Other Information for use on your return visits to the Applications and making your experience on this Applications more convenient for you (for example, to recognize you by name when you return to the Applications, to apply certain settings or preferences you have identified on this Applications or other Network websites, applications, or interactive services, to save your password in password-protected areas, and to save your online game or video player settings);
Using certain characteristics that you enter about yourself on the Applications, such as age or gender, for tailoring the online advertising and/or other content that you see when you visit the Applications or other websites, applications, or other interactive services whether owned, operated, and/or provided by Network or by third parties, whether alone or in combination with other Information;
Otherwise to maintain and administer the Applications;
For the uses described for “Personal Information” above.
and
For other purposes disclosed at or before the time the Other Information is collected.
4.3.
Other Information Collected by Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers.
The use of Tracking Technologies by Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers is within their control and not ours.
Even if we have a relationship with the Third Party Service Provider or Advertiser, we do not control their websites, applications, or other interactive services or their policies and practices regarding your Information and you should be aware that different rules might apply to the collection, use, or disclosure of your Information by third parties in connection with their advertisements or promotions and other sites, applications, or other interactive services you encounter on the Internet.
This Privacy Policy does not cover any use of Information that a Third Party Service Provider or Advertiser may directly collect from you.
Use of Third Party Service Providers’ and Advertisers’ Tracking Technologies is governed by the Third Party Service Providers’ or Advertisers’, as applicable, own specific privacy policies and not this Privacy Policy.
However, please see the “Your Choices” section for more information on how to opt-out of the collection and/or use of Information collected by certain Third Party Service Providers.5.
Your Choices.5.1.
Opting-Out of Certain Uses of Personal Information.5.1.1.
In Connection with Marketing and Promotional Emails and Offers.You may “opt-out” of receiving marketing and promotional emails from us at any time by using the opt-out mechanism that is contained in each such email.
Please note that when you opt-out of receiving marketing and promotional emails from us, you are not opting out of receiving newsletters from us (please see Section 5.1.2 below for your newsletter options).Please note that, if you deactivate your registration as a member of the Application, you shall continue to receive marketing and promotional emails from the Applications unless you subsequently exercise your opt-out options above.5.1.2.
In connection with Newsletters and other Editorial-based Emails.If the Application offers newsletters or other editorial-based emails, you may opt out of receiving any such newsletter emails by using the opt-out mechanism contained in each such newsletter email.
Please note that when you opt-out of receiving any or all newsletters and other editorial-based emails from us, you are not opting out of receiving marketing and promotional emails from us (please see Section 5.1.1 above for your marketing and promotional email options) and please note that, if you deactivate your registration as a member of the Application, you shall continue to receive newsletters from the Applications unless you subsequently exercise your opt-out options above.5.1.3.
Certain Continuing Rights Regardless of Opt-Outs.
However, even if you exercise your opt-out rights above, we, or Network, may continue to contact you for the other purposes described in the “How Is Collected Information Used” Section above, such as for maintenance and administrative purposes.5.2.
Your Choices with Respect to Tracking Technologies.5.2.1 Tracking Technologies Set By Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers.
Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers may collect Other Information about you when you visit an Application for Customized Advertising to help identify products and services that may interest you and deliver advertising and/or other content tailored to your interests and for the other uses described above.
Your opt-out options regarding these Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers are described below.For more information about Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers and your ability to opt-out of Advertising from such third parties, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s Opt-Out Tool and/or the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising.
Please click on the links to these tools to learn more about your choices.
Please note that, if third party browser cookies are disabled (whether by you or automatically by the browser or Device) or you subsequently delete browser cookies, the opt-out choices you have exercised may not function and you may need to enable third party cookies or opt out again in order for your opt-out choices to function.You may also prevent or exercise choices regarding the use of certain Tracking Technologies for a particular Device and Internet browser combination by using the controls for the Internet browser as described in the “More Information About Cookie Controls” section below.
Please note that using those controls may affect Tracking Technologies that are browser cookies but may not affect other Tracking Technologies such as Flash LSOs.See the “More Information on Managing Tracking Technologies” section below for additional information about managing Tracking Technologies set by Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers and for information on your choices regarding Identifiers on mobile platforms.5.2.2.
Tracking Technologies Set By the Applications.
With respect to the Tracking Technologies set by the Applications, you can prevent or exercise choices regarding the use of certain Tracking Technologies for a particular Device and Internet browser combination by using the controls in your Internet browser as described in the “More Information About Cookie Controls” section below.
Please note that using those controls may affect Tracking Technologies that are browser cookies but may not affect other Tracking Technologies such as Flash LSOs.See the “More Information on Managing Tracking Technologies” section below for additional information about managing Tracking Technologies set by the Applications and for information on your choices regarding Identifiers on mobile platforms.Please note that if you exercise the opt-out above, that only applies to the use of the data for Customized Advertising and we may still use the data for other purposes described in Section 4.2 “How is Collected Information Used” above, such as for video playhead tracking and to optimize your video experience.5.2.3.
More Information on Managing Tracking Technologies.
With respect to the Tracking Technologies set by the Applications, Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers, please note the following with respect to the above opt-out options:5.2.3.1.
More Information About Cookie Controls.
For the following Internet browsers, you may prevent or exercise choices regarding browser cookies for a particular Device and Internet browser combination by using the controls described in the following:
Internet Explorer 11
Chrome
Safari
Firefox
If your Internet browser is not listed above or you otherwise are having difficulties with the links, you may be able to access controls to:
Delete existing browser cookies through the “Internet Options”, “Settings”, Preferences”, “Options”, or similar menu selection in your browser’s menu or otherwise as directed by your browser’s support feature, which means that all pre-existing browser cookies are deleted but does not prevent browser cookies from being used in the future.
Disable browser cookies through the same browser controls, which means that browser cookies shall not be used in the future but pre-existing browser cookies may not be deleted.
Additional information on enabling or disabling browser cookies and other Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser’s support feature.
(See the “help” section of your browser for more information.) Disabling may sometimes be referred to as blocking or opting out of browser cookies and relies on browser cookies to remember your choices.
If you delete browser cookies using the controls in your Web browser (as described above) after disabling browser cookies, you may have to disable browser cookies again to re-establish your preferences.
Choose to have the Device you use to access the Applications warn you each time a browser cookie or certain other non-Flash LSO Tracking Technology is being set.
(You can later choose to turn-off such warnings.) This may be available through your Internet browser on the Device you use to access the Applications.
Additional information on warnings and removal of warnings may be available through your browser’s support feature.
Seek additional information from the provider of your Internet browser through your browser’s support features.
The above options may cover browser cookies set by the Applications, browser cookies not set by the Applications (sometimes called third party cookies), and/or both types of browser cookies.Many tools discussed above are “Internet browser cookie based”.
This means that such tools rely on cookies to remember your choices.
For example, if you delete Tracking Technologies using the controls in your Web browser, after disabling such Tracking Technologies, you may have to disable such Tracking Technologies again to reestablish your preferences and, if you exercise opt-outs through the mechanisms described above, and then delete or block browser cookies, you may need to exercise your opt-outs through these mechanisms again.The tools are “Internet browser and Device-specific” or “Device-specific”.
Note that when you exercise your options using controls for the Internet browser, your choices shall only apply to the specific Internet browser on that Device and not across Devices and platforms.5.2.3.2.
Automatic Disabling of Third Party Cookies and Effect on Certain Opt-Outs.
Some Device manufacturers and/or browsers (such as Safari) may preset their browser to automatically disable browser cookies from websites, applications, or other interactive services other than those you visit directly (sometimes referred to as third party cookies) and, if so, the opt-out choices you have exercised with regard to third parties may not function and you may need to enable third party cookies in order for your opt-out choices to function.
For example, unless you enable third party cookies on Safari, your opt-out choices made on the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising site and on the Network Advertising Initiative site may not function.5.2.3.3.
You will still receive advertisements.
Deleting or disabling Third Party Service Providers’, Advertisers’ or the Applications’ Tracking Technologies does not mean that you will no longer receive online ads.
If you delete or disable third party Tracking Technologies (or, if third party Tracking Technologies are automatically disabled, if you do not enable such Tracking Technologies), this only means that such ads may no longer be tailored to your specific viewing habits or interests, but you will continue to see ads on the Applications and you may see the same advertisement repeatedly or may see advertisements more frequently unless you enable Tracking Technologies set by third parties or unless we offer alternative means such as enlisting the assistance of Third Party Service Providers in order for the Applications to set Tracking Technologies for frequency capping purposes as described in the “Information Collected Through the Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies” section.5.2.3.4.
Limitations Regarding Web Beacons.
Web beacons cannot be deleted or disabled using the above opt-out options, but may be affected if such web beacons rely on browser cookies or other deleted or disabled Tracking Technologies to track your activities.5.2.3.5.
How to Manage Flash LSOs (sometimes known as Flash Cookies).
Control of Flash LSOs (sometimes known as Flash Cookies) Must Be Handled Separately.
PLEASE NOTE THAT THE USE AND STORAGE OF FLASH LSOs TYPICALLY CANNOT BE CONTROLLED THROUGH YOUR INTERNET BROWSER.
Deleting, rejecting, disabling, or turning off Tracking Technologies set by Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers and set by this Applications through the above options shall not remove Flash LSOs.
For more information about Flash LSOs and how to remove them from your computer, please visit http://kb2.adobe.com/cps/526/52697ee8.html.
If you remove Flash LSOs, you may not have access to certain features of the Applications and some of our other services may not function properly.5.2.3.6.
Other Effects of Managing Tracking Technologies.
In addition to the above, if you delete or disable Tracking Technologies set by the Applications, the Applications may no longer be able to offer certain features or functionality to you, such as remembering your preferences, remembering your username, saving your player settings, or other purposes described in “Other Information Collected By Us” above, and some of our other services may not function properly.
In addition to the above, if you disable or delete Tracking Technologies set by Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers (or if such Tracking Technologies are automatically disabled on your Device or browser), the Applications may no longer be able to offer certain functionality to you, such as enabling SMN login or saving your player settings and certain services or advertisements may not work for such Devices or browsers.5.2.3.7.
Mobile Platforms.
Certain mobile platforms, such as Apple or Google, may offer users choice regarding the Identifiers we, Third Party Service Providers, or Advertisers may access and use, which may not be browser cookie based.
We encourage you to review and understand the choices that such mobile platforms may provide to you regarding these Identifiers.5.2.3.8.
Certain Identifiers.
Certain Identifiers we set may not be deleted, blocked, or disabled using the above opt-out options, but may be affected if such Identifiers rely on, or are associated with, browser cookies or other Tracking Technologies.6.
Text Messaging Marketing and Promotions.We may share your Personal Information with the Third Party Service Providers that assist us in delivering Text Services and similar services to you and with Network and as otherwise provided in “Sharing and Disclosure of Information” below.7.
Sharing and Disclosure of Information.7.1.
Sharing and Disclosure of Personal Information.We may disclose your Personal Information with Network and/or to third parties under the circumstances described below.7.1.1.
Disclosure to Network.
We may disclose Personal Information to Network for marketing, administrative, and/or other purposes.
You can choose to opt-out of certain such uses as described in the “Opting-Out of Certain Uses of Personal Information” Section above.7.1.2.
Disclosure of Certain Information in Postings Intended to Be Disclosed.
Certain Personal Information associated with a Posting may be intended for disclosure (“Posting Information”), such as username.
We shall disclose Posting Information in connection with the display of, and other services relating to, such Posting.7.1.3.
Disclosure In Connection with Co-Branded Services and Features.
The Applications may also offer services and features, such as events and Promotions, that we put together with another company (“Co-Branded Partner”) and that may be hosted on the Applications and/or our Co-Branded Partner’s or a Promotion-specific website, application, or other interactive service.
The Co-Branded Partner shall be identified on the co-branded feature or service and we will notify you at the time your Personal Information is requested whether your Personal Information will be shared with such Co-Branded Partner and provide you with a link to the Co-Branded Partner’s privacy policy.
If you wish to opt-out of a Co-Branded Partner’s future use of such Personal Information for marketing purposes, you will need to contact the Co-Branded Partner directly and the use of such information by Co-Branded Partner is subject to Co-Branded Partner’s privacy policy.
Please note that your Information may be shared with Co-Branded Partners for purposes of administering or conducting the co-branded services and features (but not for marketing purposes) without a separate notification (for example, if the Co-Branded Partner is administering a Promotion you have entered, your Information may be shared with the Co-Branded Partner so that the Co-Branded Partner can verify your eligibility and/or contact you if you are a potential winner).7.1.4.
Disclosure to Third Party Service Providers.
We also have the right to disclose your Personal Information to Third Party Service Providers for the purpose of administering and maintaining the Application’s services, features, functions, and operations, for Application hosting, conducting usage analysis, sending e-mail or other communications, fulfilling orders, providing marketing and advertising tools and data analytics capabilities, including but not limited to Customized Advertising and to assist in our marketing and advertising to other users or potential users, clearing and processing credit card payments, distributing surveys and engaging in research, or performing other administrative services.7.1.5.
Disclosure to Certain Other Third Parties.
In addition to the above, we make your Personal Information available to certain third parties in the following limited circumstances:
When we are compelled to do so by a governmental agency, court, or other entity (e.g., to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process) or if requested by a governmental agency or other authority as part of an investigation;
If we believe your actions violate any law, rule, regulation, and/or the Terms of Use Agreement, including, without limitation, this Privacy Policy or Additional Terms;
In connection with Promotions, as necessary to administer the Promotion or as required by applicable laws, rules, or regulations (for example, to provide winners’ lists or make required filings as appropriate);
If you agree to have your Personal Information shared with or otherwise disclosed to a third party for marketing or other purposes, in which case the third party’s use of your Personal Information is subject to the third party’s own privacy policy;
If, in our sole discretion, we believe such disclosure to be necessary or appropriate: to investigate or resolve possible problems or inquiries.
to protect our business and assets or the rights, property, or safety of the EPIX Service, Network, or any of its or their Third Party Service Providers, licensors, suppliers, Advertisers, customers, users, or any other party.
to limit our legal liability.
to defend our interests.
to enforce this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use Agreement.
and/or to comply with our legal, regulatory, audit, and compliance obligations or requests by law enforcement or other governmental authorities.
and/or
In the event of a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, sale, transfer of control, joint venture, or other business combination involving us, or Network.
7.2.
Sharing and Disclosure of Other Information.
We may share Other Information with, or otherwise disclose Other Information to, third parties, but we do not disclose Personal Information to them except as described in this Privacy Policy.8.
Reviewing, Updating, or Deleting Information.
Settings.8.1.
Application Registration.
If you registered for any of the Applications, generally, you may review, update, or delete certain Information collected by the Applications by, if you are a registered user of the Application, logging into the Application and using the tools provided to edit such Information.
However, Personal Information that is necessary to check eligibility, such as date of birth or age, cannot be deleted, but may be modified with sufficient verification of the correct information.
We will allow you to change the password portion of your User ID, as well as certain other Information you have given us in order to keep your information current.8.2.
Other Options.
As a registered user, you may also be provided with options to receive certain notifications and to publicly publish activities you engage in within the Applications.
See also Section 10 of the Terms of Use for how registered users of the Applications who are California residents may request removal of content or Information in Postings.9.
Protection of Information.We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to help protect your Personal Information.
However, as is the case with all websites, applications, and online services, we unfortunately are not able to guarantee security for data collected through our Applications.10.
Your California Privacy Rights.This section contains disclosures required by the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and applies only to “personal information” that is subject to the CCPA.
Consumers with disabilities may access this notice by calling us at (855) 830-7071.Personal Information We Collect and Disclose for a Business Purpose.
We collect the categories of personal information about California consumers identified in the chart below.
As further set forth in the chart below, in the past 12 months, we have disclosed California consumers’ personal information to third parties for business or commercial purposes.Categories of Personal Information
Collected in the last 12 months:
Categories of sources from which information is collected:
Business or commercial purposes for collection, use, and sharing:
Disclosed for business purposes to the following categories of third parties:
Sold to the following categories of third parties:Personal and online identifiers (such as first and last name, email address, or unique online identifiers)YesAll categories listed below.All purposes listed below.All categories listed below.All categories listed below.Categories of information described in Section 1798.80(e) of the California Civil Code (such as physical characteristics or description, insurance policy number, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information)NoAll categories listed below.All purposes listed below.All categories listed below.All categories listed below.Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law (such as race or gender)NoAll categories listed below.All purposes listed below.All categories listed below.All categories listed below.Commercial or transactions information (such as records of personal property or products or services purchased, obtained or considered)YesAll categories listed below.All purposes listed below.All categories listed below.All categories listed below.Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as browsing history, search history, interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement)YesAll categories listed below.All purposes listed below.All categories listed below.All categories listed below.Biometric information (such as call recordings)NoAll categories listed below.All purposes listed below.All categories listed below.All categories listed below.Geolocation informationYesAll categories listed below.All purposes listed below.All categories listed below.All categories listed below.Sensory information (such as audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information)NoAll categories listed below.All purposes listed below.All categories listed below.All categories listed below.Professional or employment-related informationNoAll categories listed below.All purposes listed below.All categories listed below.All categories listed below.Education informationNoAll categories listed below.All purposes listed below.All categories listed below.All categories listed below.Inferences drawn from the above information about your predicted characteristics and preferencesYesAll categories listed below.All purposes listed below.All categories listed below.All categories listed below.Other information about you that is linked to the personal information aboveYesAll categories listed below.All purposes listed below.All categories listed below.All categories listed below.Categories of Personal Information Personal and online identifiers (such as first and last name, email address, or unique online identifiers)Collected in the last 12 months: YesCategories of sources from which information is collected: All categories listed below.Business or commercial purposes for collection, use, and sharing: All purposes listed below.Disclosed for business purposes to the following categories of third parties: All categories listed below.Sold to the following categories of third parties: All categories listed below.Categories of Personal Information Categories of information described in Section 1798.80(e) of the California Civil Code (such as physical characteristics or description, insurance policy number, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information)Collected in the last 12 months: NoCategories of sources from which information is collected: All categories listed below.Business or commercial purposes for collection, use, and sharing: All purposes listed below.Disclosed for business purposes to the following categories of third parties: All categories listed below.Sold to the following categories of third parties: All categories listed below.Categories of Personal Information Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law (such as race or gender)Collected in the last 12 months: NoCategories of sources from which information is collected: All categories listed below.Business or commercial purposes for collection, use, and sharing: All purposes listed below.Disclosed for business purposes to the following categories of third parties: All categories listed below.Sold to the following categories of third parties: All categories listed below.Categories of Personal Information Commercial or transactions information (such as records of personal property or products or services purchased, obtained or considered)Collected in the last 12 months: YesCategories of sources from which information is collected: All categories listed below.Business or commercial purposes for collection, use, and sharing: All purposes listed below.Disclosed for business purposes to the following categories of third parties: All categories listed below.Sold to the following categories of third parties: All categories listed below.Categories of Personal Information Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as browsing history, search history, interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement)Collected in the last 12 months: YesCategories of sources from which information is collected: All categories listed below.Business or commercial purposes for collection, use, and sharing: All purposes listed below.Disclosed for business purposes to the following categories of third parties: All categories listed below.Sold to the following categories of third parties: All categories listed below.Categories of Personal Information Biometric information (such as call recordings)Collected in the last 12 months: NoCategories of sources from which information is collected: All categories listed below.Business or commercial purposes for collection, use, and sharing: All purposes listed below.Disclosed for business purposes to the following categories of third parties: All categories listed below.Sold to the following categories of third parties: All categories listed below.Categories of Personal Information Geolocation informationCollected in the last 12 months: YesCategories of sources from which information is collected: All categories listed below.Business or commercial purposes for collection, use, and sharing: All purposes listed below.Disclosed for business purposes to the following categories of third parties: All categories listed below.Sold to the following categories of third parties: All categories listed below.Categories of Personal Information Sensory information (such as audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information)Collected in the last 12 months: NoCategories of sources from which information is collected: All categories listed below.Business or commercial purposes for collection, use, and sharing: All purposes listed below.Disclosed for business purposes to the following categories of third parties: All categories listed below.Sold to the following categories of third parties: All categories listed below.Categories of Personal Information Professional or employment-related informationCollected in the last 12 months: NoCategories of sources from which information is collected: All categories listed below.Business or commercial purposes for collection, use, and sharing: All purposes listed below.Disclosed for business purposes to the following categories of third parties: All categories listed below.Sold to the following categories of third parties: All categories listed below.Categories of Personal Information Education informationCollected in the last 12 months: NoCategories of sources from which information is collected: All categories listed below.Business or commercial purposes for collection, use, and sharing: All purposes listed below.Disclosed for business purposes to the following categories of third parties: All categories listed below.Sold to the following categories of third parties: All categories listed below.Categories of Personal Information Inferences drawn from the above information about your predicted characteristics and preferencesCollected in the last 12 months: YesCategories of sources from which information is collected: All categories listed below.Business or commercial purposes for collection, use, and sharing: All purposes listed below.Disclosed for business purposes to the following categories of third parties: All categories listed below.Sold to the following categories of third parties: All categories listed below.Categories of Personal Information Other information about you that is linked to the personal information aboveCollected in the last 12 months: YesCategories of sources from which information is collected: All categories listed below.Business or commercial purposes for collection, use, and sharing: All purposes listed below.Disclosed for business purposes to the following categories of third parties: All categories listed below.Sold to the following categories of third parties: All categories listed below.Categories of Sources.
We may collect this personal information from the following categories of sources:
Consumers;
Service providers;
Third parties with whom you associate (such as social media networks if you use those to sign on to EPIX).
and
Affiliates not under the EPIX brand.

Why We Collect, Use, and Share California Information.
We use and disclose the personal information we collect for our commercial and business purposes, as further described in this Privacy Policy.
These commercial and business purposes include, without limitation:
Our commercial purposes, including enabling commercial transactions, providing the services to you, marketing, and advertising.
Our business purposes as identified in the CCPA, which include:

Auditing related to our interactions with you;
Legal compliance;
Detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity;
Debugging;
Performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments, and analytics;
Internal research for technological improvement;
Internal operations;
Activities to maintain and improve our services.
and
Other one-time uses.

We may disclose the categories of personal information designated above to the categories of third parties listed below for business purposes:
Service providers;
Government entities;
Advertising networks;
Internet service providers;
Data analytics providers;
Operating systems and platforms.
and
Social networks.

Your Rights Regarding Personal Information. California residents have certain rights with respect to the personal information collected by businesses.
If you are a California resident, you may exercise the following rights regarding your personal information, subject to certain exceptions and limitations:
The right to know the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected your personal information, our purposes for collecting or selling your personal information, the categories of your personal information that we have either sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have shared personal information;
The right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you or maintain about you.
The right to opt out of our sale(s) of your personal information.
Please note that if you opt out of certain types of sales, we will be unable to provide you with the services that rely on such sales.
The right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the CCPA.
To exercise any of the above rights, please contact us using the following information and submit the required verifying information, as further described below:
By email at support@epix.com or support@epixnow.com
Online at https://www.epix.com/contact or https://www.epixnow.com/contact

Verification Process and Required Information.
Note that we may need to request information from you to verify your identity or understand the scope of your request, although you will not be required to create an account with us to submit a request.
We will require you to provide, at a minimum, your name and email address.Authorized Agent.
You may designate an authorized agent to make a CCPA request on your behalf.Contact for More Information.
For questions or concerns about EPIX’s privacy policy or practices, please contact us support@epix.com or support@epixnow.com11.
Nevada Privacy RightsAlthough we do not currently conduct sales of personal information, Nevada residents may submit a request directing us to not sell personal information we maintain about them if our practices change in the future.To exercise this right, please contact us:
By email at support@epix.com or support@epixnow.com
Online at https://www.epix.com/contact or https://www.epixnow.com/contact
12.
Changes to this Privacy Policy and Notice.We reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time for any reason in our sole discretion by posting an updated Privacy Policy without advance notice to you.
Such revisions shall be effective immediately upon posting, and if you use the Applications after they become effective, it will signify your agreement to be bound by the changes.
We shall post or display notices of material changes on the Application’s homepage and/or otherwise on the Application, and/or e-mail you or notify you upon login about these changes.
The form of such notice is at our discretion.
However, we encourage you to check this Privacy Policy often for updates.13.
Miscellaneous.Accuracy and Confidentiality.
It is your responsibility to give us current, complete, truthful, and accurate information, including Personal Information, and to keep such information up to date.Further, if you use any of the Communities features and functions made available on or through the Applications, please remember that any Information disclosed in these venues is automatically made public.
Please use caution when disclosing any Personal Information in the Communities, as you do not know who may access and use your Personal Information or for what purposes.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to set certain limits on the availability of some or all features within our Communities.13.1.
Questions.
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or if you do not understand any information about how we collect, maintain, use, or share your Personal Information or Other Information, you may contact us directly by sending an email to support@epix.com.
For all requests, please include your name, street address, city, state, zip code, and email address (your street address is optional if you wish to receive a response to your request via email), include the name and URL (if applicable) of the website, application, or other interactive service, indicate your preference on how our response to your request should be sent (email or postal mail), and include the description “Privacy Request” in the subject of the email.
We will not accept requests via postal mail, telephone, or facsimile.
We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly and may not be able to respond if you do not provide complete information.© 2021 EPIX Entertainment LLC.
All Rights Reserved.
EPIX® is a registered trademark of EPIX Entertainment LLC.Follow Us








Watch EPIX Anywhere
Activate Device
Get EPIX
TV Schedule
All About EPIX
What is EPIX?
Help
Press
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Ad Choices
Corporate
Careers
Do Not Sell My Personal Information

© 2021 EPIX Entertainment LLC.
All Rights Reserved.
EPIX® is a registered trademark of EPIX Entertainment LLC Privacy Preference CenterWhen you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies.
This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to.
The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience.
Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies.
Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings.
However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More informationAllow All Manage Consent PreferencesStrictly Necessary CookiesAlways Active Strictly Necessary CookiesThese cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off using this preference tool.
They are usually only set in response to actions made by you to obtain services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.
Some of these cookies are set for security or anti-fraud purposes.
You may be able to set your browser or use other technology to block or alert you about these cookies, but if you do some parts of the site may not function properly.Targeting Cookies Targeting CookiesThese cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners.
They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.
They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device.
If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.Performance Cookies Performance CookiesThese cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site.
They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.Functional Cookies Functional CookiesThese cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation.
They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.
If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Confirm My ChoicesBack ButtonBack Performance CookiesVendor Search Search Icon Filter IconClear Filters Information storage and accessApplyConsent Leg.InterestAll Consent Allowed Select All Vendors Select All Vendors All Consent Allowed
33Acrosshost descriptionView Cookies REPLACE-WITH-DYANMIC-HOST-ID
Namecookie name




33AcrossView Privacy Notice3 Purposes REPLACE-WITH-DYANMIC-VENDOR-IDArrowConsent Purposes
Location Based Ads
Consent Allowed
Legitimate Interest Purposes
PersonalizeRequire Opt-Out Special Purposes
Location Based Ads
Features
Location Based Ads
Special Features
Location Based Ads

 Confirm My ChoicesBy clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Accept All Cookies Cookies Settings
      