
         JavaScript is disabled We are sorry, but it appears that JavaScript is disabled in your browser.
JavaScript is used to provide you with an easy to use interface and is required for this site to work.



 Psychometrics 
































Pricing


Training












 Consultancy 












Psychometric Feedback


Staff Survey Feedback &amp.
Planning




























 Dev.
Programmes Development Programmes


 About Us 






























 Contact Us


 01379 652171



 We use cookies
 to give you the best experience.
Please let us know if you agree to the storing of these cookies on your device to enhance site functionality and analyse site usage.


 Yes, I agree 
 No, go to settings 
 Cookie Settings 


Essential Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off.
They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.
You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will then not work.
These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.



Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our site.
They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
They are also used to alert us if you encounter any problems such as unexpected errors so that we can fix them as quickly as possible.



Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation.
They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.
If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.



 Save Preferences 
 Cookie Policy 
Home
Cookie Policy
 1.
Purpose  The purpose of this policy is to explain to users of this website (www.eras.co.uk) how cookies are used on the site, the options for controlling the use of cookies and what cookies are used.
 2.
Scope  This policy applies to the cookies used on this website (www.eras.co.uk) and marketing emails.
 3.
Definitions  The following terms are used throughout this policy and are defined as follows: 

Cookies
 are small files that are placed on your computer by the websites that you visit.
They are used in order to make websites work, to provide features, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owner of the site such as pages visited, number of visitors etc.
Some cookies also enable the display of relevant advertising when you move from site to site.

We/us/our
 refers to Eras Ltd, the owner of this website registered at Providence Court, 105 Denmark Street, Diss, Norfolk, IP22 4WN with company registration number 01832022.

Personal data
 is any information which can directly or indirectly identify a living person.

First Party Cookie
 this is a cookie that is controlled by us 
Third Party Cookie
 this is a cookie provided by a third party e.g.
Google Analytics for which we have no control over 
Session
 If a cookie does not contain an expiration date, it is considered a session cookie.
Session cookies are stored in memory and never written to disk.
When the browser closes, the cookie is permanently lost from this point on.

Persistent
 these cookies stay in one of your browser's subfolders until you delete them manually or your browser deletes them based on the duration period contained within the persistent cookie's file 
 4.
Cookie Types  We use the following types of cookie on our website: 

Essential Cookies

 These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched.
They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.
You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.
These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.


Performance Cookies

 These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our site.
They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
They are also used to alert us if you encounter any problems such as unexpected errors so that we can fix them as quickly as possible.

 You can control whether you want to accept the use of these cookies via the cookie consent options on the website.


Functional Cookies

 These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation.
They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.
If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.

 You can control whether you want to accept the use of these cookies via the cookie consent options on the website.


 5.
Cookie Details 5.1 Essential Cookies Cookie Name Source Duration Purpose eras-cookies-consent 1st party 30 days Used to determine whether the user has specified their cookie preferences, and therefore whether to display the cookie banner.
eras-performance-cookies 1st party 30 days Used to determine whether the user has agreed to allow performance related cookies to be stored on their device.
eras-functional-cookies 1st party 30 days Used to determine whether the user has agreed to allow functional cookies to be stored on their device.
ARRAffinity 3rd party Session This cookie is set by websites run on the Windows Azure cloud platform.
It is used for load balancing to make sure the visitor page requests are routed to the same server in any browsing session.
ARRAffinitySameSite 3rd party Session This cookie is set by websites run on the Windows Azure cloud platform.
It is used for load balancing to make sure the visitor page requests are routed to the same server in any browsing session.
5.2 Performance Cookies Cookie Name Source Duration Purpose _ga 3rd party 2 years This cookie is associated with Google Analytics and is used to distinguish between users.
This enables us to generate statistical data on how visitors arrive at our site and how they use it.
_ga_# 3rd party 2 years This cookie is associated with Google Analytics and is used to persist session state between page views.
This allows us to generate statistical data on how users navigate our site.
ai_user 3rd party 1 year This cookie is associated with the Microsoft Application Insights software, which collects statistical usage and telemetry information for apps built on the Azure cloud platform.
This is a unique anonymous user identifier cookie.
ai_session 3rd party 30 minutes This cookie is associated with the Microsoft Application Insights software, which collects statistical usage and telemetry information for apps built on the Azure cloud platform.
This is a unique anonymous session identifier cookie.
5.3 Functional Cookies Cookie Name Source Duration Purpose eras-contact-info 1st party 31 days Stores a securely encrypted version of the user's contact details when they fill out either the contact or download forms so that they can be pre-filled (or skipped entirely) next time they are used.
6.
Using your browser to control cookies  As well as setting cookie preferences using the cookie settings options when you visit the website, you can also control cookie settings in your browser.
How to control cookies for some of the most common browsers are detailed below: 

 Google Chrome 
 Microsoft Edge 
 Internet Explorer 
 Mozilla Firefox 
 Safari (Mac) 
 Safari (iPhone/iPad) 7.
Managing analytics cookies  You can opt out of anonymous tracking from third party analytics cookies by clicking on the links of our service providers here: 

 Google Analytics 8.
Further information  If you would like any further information about the use of cookies on this website, please contact us at data@eras.co.uk.
Please also see our privacy policy privacy policy
.
 9.
Changes to this policy  We may make changes to this policy from time to time and the latest version of the policy will always be displayed on our website.
You should check this policy from time to time to see any updates.
This policy was last updated on 06/10/2021.

eras ltd Providence Court 105 Denmark Street Diss IP22 4WN 


 +44 (0)1379 652171


 expertise@eras.co.uk


 Twitter


 LinkedIn


 Google Maps

eras ltd Providence Court 105 Denmark Street Diss IP22 4WN 


 Contact Us


 Accessibility


 Cookie Policy


 Privacy Policy


 Sitemap


 Contact Us Name 
 E-Mail Address 
 Phone Number 
 Organisation/Company 
 Job Title 
 Do you currently use psychometrics? 
 Yes No Message 
Send Message 
 Something has gone wrong...
 We're really sorry, but something has gone wrong.
Please try re-loading the page using the button below.
If that doesn't work, please try getting in touch.


 Reload 
 support@eras.co.uk 01379 420060 
      