
         Is it fake? 
 Home 
 About 
 Contact 
 Terms 
 Privacy Policy 
 Erdetfake.dk utilizes cookies and telemetry to improve the user experience and monitor the service is working as expected.
By using erdetfake.dk you accept the usage of data along with the terms of service.
Read more the usage in our privacy policy.
Read our terms of service.
Accept Privacy Policy Your privacy is critically important to us.
It is Er det fake's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website.
This Privacy Policy applies to erdetfake.dk (hereinafter, "us", "we", or "erdetfake.dk").
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website.
We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties.
This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website, browser extensions and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website.
Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions. Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Er det fake collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request.
Er det fake's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Er det fake's visitors use its website.
From time to time, Er det fake may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Er det fake also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for users using the page lookup system on erdetfake.dk.
Er det fake only discloses IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below. Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Er det fake's websites choose to interact with Er det fake in ways that require Er det fake to gather personally-identifying information.
The amount and type of information that Er det fake gathers depends on the nature of the interaction.
When using erdetfake.dk to lookup a facebook page, the  Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Aggregated Statistics
Er det fake may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website.
Er det fake may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Er det fake does not disclose your personally-identifying information. Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, Er det fake uses "Cookies", similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns.
Er det fake uses cookies to help Er det fake identify and track visitors, their usage of erdetfake.dk, and their website access preferences.
Er det fake visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Er det fake's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Er det fake's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to Er det fake's use of cookies. Access to data
You have the right to obtain a copy of the information we store and process about you.
You can, at any time, object against the usage of your information.
You can also revoke the consent of having data processed about you.
Please contact kenc@kenc.dk about any data processing inquiries. Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Er det fake may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Er det fake's sole discretion.
Er det fake encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy.
Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
 Copyright © 2020.
A Ken Christensen project.

