
        Terms of useTrademarks"ESPRIT" and other marks, logos and service names are trademarks of Esprit International.
Esprit International's trademarks must not in any way be used in connection with any product or service that is not related to Esprit International or its affiliates, unless a prior written licence is obtained from Esprit International.
All other trademarks not owned by Esprit International or its affiliates that appear on this website are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be connected to or sponsored by Esprit International or its affiliates.CopyrightAll content included on this website, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips and software, is the property of Esprit International or its content suppliers.
The compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement and assembly) of all content on this website is the exclusive property of Esprit International.
All software used on this website is the property of Esprit International or its software suppliers.
All the content, compilation and software are protected by English and international copyright laws.
Any other use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display or performance of the content on this website may be permissible provided prior written consent of Esprit International is obtained through written request made to Esprit International.Use of SiteThis website or any portion of this website may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose that is not expressly permitted by Esprit International.
Esprit International and its affiliates reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, and/or cancel orders at its discretion, including, without limitation, if Esprit International believes that the user's conduct violates applicable law or is harmful to the interests of Esprit International or its affiliates.UploadsEsprit International may allow users to upload comments and other content to this website.
If you post comments or other content on the site, you grant Esprit International and its affiliates a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sub-licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute and display such comments or other content throughout the world in any media.
You also grant Esprit International and its affiliates and sub-licensees the right to use the name that you submit with any comment or other content, if any, in connection with such comment, or other content.
You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the comments and other content that you post on this website and that use of your comments or other content by Esprit International and its affiliates will not infringe upon or violate the rights of any third party.Copyright complaintsEsprit International and its affiliates respect the intellectual property of others.
If you believe that any of your works have been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please e-mail your complaint to hotline@esprit.com.Links to third-party sitesThis website may contain hyperlinks to websites unrelated to Esprit International or its affiliates.
Such hyperlinks are provided for your reference and convenience only.
Esprit International should not be taken as endorsing the operator or the content of such third-party website.
You may use such links only at your own risk, and you are solely responsible for all consequences of such use.Links to usYou may use a hyperlink to this website from your website on the following terms:

a.
You will not make, publish or distribute any advertising, marketing, promotional or other materials (whether print, electronically or otherwise) that use the name of Esprit International or its affiliates, the "ESPRIT" trademark or any other trademark of Esprit International or its affiliates, without prior written approval of Esprit International;
b.
You acknowledge and agree that Esprit International and its licensors own all the intellectual property in and relating to "ESPRIT" and all content contained therein, and nothing in these Terms of Use shall be construed as a license of any of the intellectual property;
c.
You will terminate the hyperlink within three (3) days of your receipt of a notice from Esprit International and will forever refrain from including a hyperlink to this website on your or your associates' websites, without prior written consent of Esprit International.
This right of termination by Esprit International may be exercised at any time for any reason, and the termination notice shall be deemed to have been received by you if it is sent by e-mail to the listed registrant on your website's domain name registration or to any e-mail address provided on your website;
d.
Any person linking to this website through your website shall be bound by these Terms of Use.
Information on Esprit Holdings LimitedEsprit International is a private limited partnership and its financial information is not available to the public.
Esprit Holdings Limited is an affiliate of Esprit International and maintains a primary listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and a secondary listing on the London Stock Exchange.
Information of EHL as contained or accessible on this website shall not to be construed in any way as an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security of EHL in any jurisdiction.
It is for general reference only and should not be used or relied on without professional advice.
It is current only as of the date specified or the date of posting, whichever is earlier, and both Esprit International and EHL disclaim any obligation to update or correct information of EHL following any financial, business or other development occurring thereafter.
Esprit International and EHL specifically disclaim all responsibility in respect of any use or reliance on any information of EHL, whether financial or otherwise, contained in or accessible through this website.DisclaimerThis website is provided by Esprit International on an "as is" basis.
Neither Esprit International nor EHL makes any representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the website or the accuracy or completeness of the information, content, materials, services or products included on this website.
To the full extent permissible by applicable law, Esprit International disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
Neither Esprit International nor EHL are liable for any loss or damages of any kind, whether negligent or not, arising from the use of this website, including, but not limited to, direct, indirect, incidental, punitive and consequential damages.PrivacyYou consent to us using and processing any personal data supplied or collected in connection with your use of this website for the purposes, ways and means as stated in the Statement of Privacy Policy of this website.GeneralThis website was designed by Esprit International in London.
The laws of England will govern these disclaimers, terms and conditions, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws.
We reserve the right to make changes to our website and these disclaimers, Terms of Use, terms and conditions at any time by posting on this website, without any other notice.
Your access or use of this website after any changes have been posted will constitute your agreement to the modified Terms of Use and all changes.
The English version of the Terms of Use shall prevail over any other language version which may be provided for information purposes only.
If any provision of these Terms of Use is invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect, and the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision.
All rights not expressly granted herein are hereby reserved.
These Terms of Use supersede any prior or contemporaneous communications between this website or any of its affiliates and yourself regarding this website and its content.To contact usEsprit International1370 Broadway 14th FloorNew York, NY 10018USA
t +1 212 401-1122f +1 212 401-1130
