



English
 English 
 Français 
 Deutsch 
 Italiano 
 Español 


 Português 
 Русский 
 Türkçe 
 Ελληνικά 
 Magyar 


 فارسی 
 العربية 
 Shqip 
 Română 
 ქართული 




Type 3 or more characters for results.
Games


 Europe World Business Sport Culture Europe World Business Sport Culture Green Sci-tech Travel Video 
More Europe World Business Sport Culture Green Sci-tech Travel Video Green Sci-tech Travel Video 
Programmes










Live
 Europe 
Brussels Bureau 
Farm To Fork 
Smart Regions 
State Of The Union 
 Business 
Business Line 
Business Planet 
Disrupted 
Focus 
Real Economy 
Target 
 World 
Euronews Debates 
Global Japan 
Good Morning Europe 
Inspire Middle East 
No Comment 
Spotlight 
The Cube 
The Global Conversation 
Unreported Europe 
View 
World News 
 Culture 
Cinema 
Cult 
Musica 
 Sport 
 Sci-tech 
Biztech News 
Climate Now 
Futuris 
Ocean 
Sci-Tech 
 Travel 
Adventures 
Conscious Travel 
European Lens 
Explore 
Postcards 
Taste 
Women Beyond Borders 
Special coverage
Angola 360 
Brexit 
Climate 
Coronavirus 
Cry Like A Boy 
Depth Of Field 
Destination Dubai 
Football For Friendship 
Here We Grow: Spain 
Podcasts 
Partner content
Japan Moving Forward 
Ron Barceló 
Total 
Visit Bulgaria 
 All Programmes BREAKING NEWSTerms and ConditionsA.
Use of the Website By using the website “www.euronews.com” or any of its sub-domains, you signify your agreement to these terms of use.
If you do not agree to these terms of use, please do not use the website. You may download one copy of the materials on any single computer for your personal, non-commercial home use only, provided that: 

you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices;
you make no modifications to the materials;
you do not use the materials in a manner that suggests an association with any of our products, services, or brands.

you do not download quantities of materials to a database that can be used to avoid future downloads from this website.
For purposes of these terms, the use of any such material on any other website or computer environment is prohibited.


 The euronews website contains copyrighted material, trademarks and other proprietary information, including, but not limited to, text, photos, video, graphics, music, sound and software.

 The entire contents of euronews' website are copyrighted under the French copyright law.
You may not modify, publish, translate, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works, or in any way exploit, any of the content, in whole or in part.

 You may download copyrighted material for your personal use only.
Except as otherwise expressly permitted under French copyright law, no copying, redistribution, retransmission, publication or commercial exploitation of downloaded material will be permitted without the express permission of euronews and the copyright owner.
In the event of any permitted copying, redistribution or publication of copyrighted material, no changes in or deletion of author attribution, trademark legend or copyright notice shall be made.

 You shall not upload, post or otherwise make available on euronews any material protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary right without the express permission of the owner of the copyright, trademark or other proprietary right.
You shall be solely liable for any damage resulting from any infringement of copyrights, proprietary rights, or any other harm resulting from such a submission.

 Any unlawful use of the website can result in legal action.
B.
The Feedback The “Feedback” means the message board, or e-mail function offered as part of this Site.
If you participate in the Feedback, you must not: 

defame, abuse, harass or threaten others;
make any bigoted, hateful, or racially offensive statements;
infringe human rights;
advocate illegal activity or discuss illegal activities with the intent to commit them;
post or distribute any material that infringes and/or violates any right of a third party or any law.

post or distribute any vulgar, obscene, discourteous, or indecent language or images;
infringe copyright;
advertise or sell to or solicit others;
use the Feedback for commercial purposes of any kind;
post or distribute any software or other materials that contain a virus or other harmful component.

post material or make statements that do not generally pertain to the designated topic or theme of any chat room or bulletin board.


 We reserve the right to remove or edit content from the Forum at any time and for any reason.

 By submitting any materials to the Feedback, you automatically grant (or warrant that the owner of such materials expressly granted) us a perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable, nonexclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, publicly perform and display, create derivative works from and distribute such materials or incorporate such materials into any form, medium, or technology now known or later developed throughout the universe.

 Information obtained in the Feedback may not be reliable.
We cannot be responsible for the content or accuracy of any information, and shall not be responsible for any trading or investment decisions made based on such information.

 If you are under 18, please get a parent’s or guardian’s permission before taking part in any euronews discussion.
Never reveal any personal information about yourself or anyone else (for example, telephone number, home address or email address).
C.
Disclaimer
euronews content, including the information, names, images, pictures, logos and icons regarding or relating to euronews, it’s products and services (or to third party products and services), is provided "as is" and on an "is available" basis without any representations or any kind of warranty made (whether express or implied by law), including the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy.

 We cannot ensure that you will be satisfied with any products or services that you purchase from a third-party site that links to or from the website or third-party content on our sites.
We do not endorse any of the merchandise, nor have we taken any steps to confirm the accuracy or reliability of, any of the information contained in such third-party sites or content.
D.
Limitation of Liability Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall we be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the site or materials or functions on our site, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages.


euronews suggests to watch over children when they use the website.
euronews is not responsible for consequences of children’s access to the website.
E.
Modifications of the Website / Termination We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these terms at any time.
Please check these terms periodically for changes.
Your continued use of this website following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.

 Your access to the Site may be terminated immediately without notice from us if in our sole discretion you fail to comply with any term or provision of these terms.
Upon termination, you must cease use of the Site and destroy all materials obtained from such site and all copies thereof, whether made under these terms or otherwise.
F.
General Provisions These terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of France.
Legal Notice

Corporate name: Euronews

Corporate form: Public limited liability company (Société Anonyme)

Address: 56, quai Rambaud, 69002 Lyon, France

Share capital:32 860 170 €

Email address: accueil@euronews.com

Phone number: (+33) 4 28 67 00 00

Registration number within the Companies Register (RCS): B 387 858 046

Intracommunity VAT number: FR 77 387 858 046

Publication Director: Michael Peters

Web hosting company: BCE - Broadcasting Center Europe, 45, boulevard Pierre Frieden, L-1543 Luxembourg, telephone number: (+352) 24 80 6178 
 Today's Top Stories Mexico At least 23 dead as Mexico City metro overpass collapses onto road France France and UK in new fishing row over Channel Islands' waters France Marine Le Pen acquitted in trial over posting images of IS atrocities Privacy Policy Euronews is committed to protecting your personal information.
This privacy policy aims to help you to understand what information we may collect about you and how we use it.
 This privacy policy applies to anyone who uses any services of Euronews available online including Euronews website, program and/or software applications that allow you to access watch and/or listen to Euronews content on your device (hereinafter referred as “Euronews Online Services”).
 Please carefully review this Privacy Policy and more generally our Terms of Use relating to our services.
Your use of Euronews website signifies your consent to our Privacy Policy and tour Terms of Use.
1.
Personal data1.1 Personal information you provide to us and we collect When you use Euronews Online Services we may receive or collect personal information about you.

Personal information you provide to us:

 Indeed, by using Euronews Online Services you may provide to us voluntary registration information such as your email address.

 In particular, when you sign up to Euronews Community which enables you to receive a newsletter according to your own choice, you provide your email address.
Or, you may provide your e-mail address to participate in our interactive programmes.

 Besides, when you use Euronews applications you may agree to give us geolocation data in order to benefit from the functioning of a News map.



Personal information we collect:

 In addition, we collect, by default, standard data such as your IP address or additional data like anonymous labels, through labels and information provided by OS in order to understand how Euronews Online Services are being used or to benefit from push notification.
1.2 How we use your personal information We use your personal information notably to: 

allow you to benefit from Euronews Online Services;
ensure an easier browsing on our website;
provide you target ad serving services (for further information referred to our cookie policy).

send push notifications on your Euronews apps;
enable operation of our analysis tool.
Indeed, this analysis tool enables us to measure and analyze information with regard to your use of our Euronews Online Services.
We can then put this information in favor of a better efficiency of our Euronews Online Services and accordingly increase the quality of our services.

1.3 The measures to protect your personal information We will keep your information confidential except when disclosure is required by law or for technical purposes.

 Indeed, your personal information can be transmitted to suppliers of technology and services to ensure the optimum operation of Euronews Online Services.
For example, this is effectively the case when you share an article via a third-party application like Facebook or Twitter.

 We hold your personal information for as long it appears necessary to ensure effective operation of our Euronews Online Services.



Euronews only processes your personal data for the purposes described below, it does not divulge them for other purposes. Our main objective is to collect and use only the information we believe is necessary for the performance of Euronews Online Services in order to better understand your interests and improve your experience of using our website.

1.4 Legal framework: right of access, modification and suppression The applicable legal framework is the European and the French framework, whatever the country you reside in.

 In the European Union, the processing of personal data is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation (GPDR) - (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016.
This regulation is applicable in all member states of the European Union.

 For France, the applicable law is the GDPR and the Data Protection and Freedom of Information Law (Loi Informatique et Libertés) of 6 January 1978.
The law, of 20 June 2018, on the protection of personal data amended the law "Informatique et Libertés" to adapt it to the provisions of the GDPR.

 Pursuant to the French Law, you have a right to access and rectify, modify and delete your personal data.
This new legal framework strengthens the rights of every European citizen to protect his or her personal data and empowers the actors handling this data.

 You can exercise this right by sending a letter to the following address: Euronews SA Legal Department 56 Quai Rambaud 69002 Lyon, France
 In addition, if you have any questions or comments on our Privacy Policy, you may contact us by sending an email to Privacy Policy.


For your information, Privacy Policy will be translated shortly in the 13 broadcasting languages of Euronews.
2.
Content that you send to us 2.1 On our various linear and non-linear platforms, you may be asked to participate by sending (by various means) content that you wish to share with us, such as a video, photo or text (hereinafter referred to as the “Content”) so that it can be used by the Euronews’ group media (hereinafter referred to as the “Media”).

 2.2 You declare and guarantee that you have (and will continue to have during use by the Media) all of the rights, licences, approvals and authorisations required to allow the Media to use your Content in order to offer their services, and more generally under the conditions specified by the present Terms.
Consequently, you must not share videos that you have not created, or use content in your videos that is protected by copyright, such as music, extracts from protected programmes or videos created by third parties, if you do not have the required authorisations.

 2.3 You undertake not to submit to the Media any Content for which the rights are held by third parties (including the right of ownership, right to privacy, and right of personal portrayal) unless you have obtained from the third party concerned formal authorisation to distribute the data concerned and grant to the Media the rights specified in Article 2.2 above.

 2.4 You retain all of the intellectual property rights for your Content, but you must grant limited rights to the Media.
When you submit Content to Euronews, you grant the Media a non-exclusive right, that is transferable (including the right to sublicense), free of charge, for the whole world and throughout the duration of the copyright protection, to use, reproduce, distribute, create derivative works, represent and perform the Content in connection with the Media’s activity, and in particular for the promotion and redistribution of all or part of the service (and of the resulting derivative works) without limitation, in all formats, on all media and via all media channels.

 2.5 In this connection you may be required to give us your personal data such as your photograph and first name/surname.
You expressly authorise us to reproduce them in context with the Content sent.


Type 3 or more characters for results.
Browse today's tags COVID-19Covid VaccineEuropean UnionEU CommissionUnited KingdomAlbaniaBitcoin
 Themes 
Europe
World
Business
Sport
Culture
Green
Sci-tech
Travel
Video
Programmes




 Services
Live
Bulletin
All Weather
just in
Follow us
Widgets &amp.
Services
Africanews 
 Games 




 More 
About Euronews
Commercial Services
EU Coverage
Terms and Conditions
Cookie Policy
Contact
Jobs


Follow us 
















 Newsletters Copyright © euronews 2021 -


English
 English 
 Français 
 Deutsch 
 Italiano 
 Español 


 Português 
 Русский 
 Türkçe 
 Ελληνικά 
 Magyar 


 فارسی 
 العربية 
 Shqip 
 Română 
 ქართული 




Type 3 or more characters for results.
Top tags 
COVID-19
Covid Vaccine
European Union
EU Commission
United Kingdom
Albania
 Europe World Business Sport Culture Green Sci-tech Travel Video All Programmes Coronavirus Football for friendship Cry like a boy Podcasts Here we grow: Spain Climate Angola 360 Destination Dubai Brexit Depth of Field Total Ron Barceló Visit Bulgaria Japan Moving Forward 
Live
Newsletters
All views
Bulletin
Just In
All Weather
Games
 English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Shqip Română ქართული 


 &nbsp.

      