
This website uses cookies.
By clicking "Agree and Proceed" you are agreeing to the use of cookies and related technologies to personalize and enhance your experience of using this site, allowing us to serve you content and marketing that best suit your preferences through the data we collect.
 Cookie Details
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site.
For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies.
Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
Your consent applies to the following domains: www.ccpgames.com Your current state: Use necessary cookies only. Your current state: Do Not Sell My Personal Information. Your current state: Allow selection (Necessary, Preferences, Statistics, Marketing). Your current state: Allow all cookies. Your consent ID: 0Consent date: Change your consent  |  Withdraw your consentDo Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie declaration last updated on 15 November 2020 by Cookiebot: 
Necessary (1) 
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website.
The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Name Provider Purpose Expiry Type CookieConsent Cookiebot Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain 1 year HTTP Cookie Statistics (6) 
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Name Provider Purpose Expiry Type _dc_gtm_UA-# Google Tag Manager Used by Google Tag Manager to control the loading of a Google Analytics script tag.
1 day HTTP Cookie _ga Google Tag Manager Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
2 years HTTP Cookie _gat www.ccpgames.com Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate 1 day HTTP Cookie _gid Google Tag Manager Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
1 day HTTP Cookie collect Google Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behaviour.
Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
Session Pixel Tracker personalization_id Twitter This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile.
2 years HTTP Cookie Marketing (22) 
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites.
The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Name Provider Purpose Expiry Type _fbp Google Tag Manager Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
3 months HTTP Cookie _gcl_au Google Tag Manager Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.
3 months HTTP Cookie _uetsid Google Tag Manager Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
1 day HTML Local Storage _uetsid_exp Google Tag Manager Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
Persistent HTML Local Storage _uetvid Google Tag Manager Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
16 days HTML Local Storage _uetvid_exp Google Tag Manager Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
Persistent HTML Local Storage fr Facebook Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
3 months HTTP Cookie i/adsct Twitter The cookie is used by Twitter.com in order to determine the number of visitors accessing the website through twitter advertisement content.
Session Pixel Tracker IDE Google Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user.
1 year HTTP Cookie MUID Microsoft Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID.
The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains.
1 year HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-user-list/# Google Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites.
This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites.
Session Pixel Tracker pagead/landing Google Inc.
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
Session Pixel Tracker test_cookie Google Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
1 day HTTP Cookie tr Facebook Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
Session Pixel Tracker VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE YouTube Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos.
179 days HTTP Cookie YSC YouTube Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
Session HTTP Cookie yt-remote-cast-installed YouTube Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices YouTube Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Persistent HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id YouTube Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Persistent HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period YouTube Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app YouTube Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name YouTube Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML Local Storage 
      