
Cookie Notice

LAST MODIFIED: June 22, 2020

EveryAction, Inc.
takes data protection seriously.
When you visit an EveryAction website (listed below) or access a Platform or API account portal, we and our service providers acting on our behalf automatically collect certain data using tracking technologies like cookies and web beacons.
This Cookie Notice (the "
Notice
") describes what tracking technologies we use and what we use them for.

What are the EveryAction Websites?

EveryAction manages, supports, or may otherwise be responsible for the following websites and webpages: www.everyaction.com https://fastaction.ngpvan.com https://accounts.ngpvan.com/Account/RegisterPrivate www.ngpvan.com URLs that customers use to access a Platform (e.g., app.everyaction.com or app.ngpvan.com) certain payment sites of clients that link to Privacy Policy and the websites sub-webpages and other websites that link to our Privacy Policy.

What Are Cookies?

Cookies are small text files containing a string of characters that we may store in your browser or elsewhere on your computer or mobile device.
Cookies allow us to identify you or your device as you navigate through our publicly accessible websites or account portals.
By themselves, cookies do not identify you specifically.
Rather, they recognize your web browser.
So, unless you identify yourself specifically to EveryAction, like signing into the account portal, we do not know who you are just because you visited one of our websites.
You can turn off your web browser's ability to accept cookies.
But, if you do that, certain parts of our websites, Platforms, or APIs may not work for you.
The table below describes the specific types of first-party and third-party cookies and the purposes they perform:

Cookie Type


Description


Who serves these cookies


Management Settings


Required cookies
 Required cookies make it possible for you to access our account portal, navigate within the portal, and access information related to your account.
They also enable Web Application Firewall services to protect traffic to our websites and Platforms.Each time you log into the account portal, a cookie containing an encrypted, unique identifier that is tied to your account is placed on your browser.
These cookies allow EveryAction to uniquely identify you when you are logged into the account portal and to process your online transactions and requests.
EveryAction Marketo CloudFlare Imperva Required cookies are necessary to operate the account portal, so you cannot opt out of them.

Functionality cookies
 Functionality cookies allow our websites and account portals to remember information you have entered or preferences you select, and provide enhanced, more personal features.
These cookies allow you to optimize your use of our Platforms after logging in.
EveryAction You can use your browser settings to opt out of functionality cookies.
For more information on how to do that, click here.
Note that opting out may affect the functionality of our websites or account portals for you.

Performance cookies
 These cookies collect data about how visitors use our websites.
This includes data like which pages visitors go to the most, or which Platform feature is accessed most often.
These cookies do not collect information that individually identifies Visitors or Customers.
The data these cookies collect is aggregated and intended to be anonymous and used to improve how the websites and EveryAction Materials functions and performs.
We may also have third party service providers help us track and analyze usage and volume statistical information from individuals who visit our websites.
EveryAction Marketo Google Microsoft You can use your browser settings to opt out of performance cookies.
For more information on how to do that, click here.

Targeting or Advertising cookies
 We may have third-party service providers track and analyze usage and volume statistical information from those who visit our websites.
EveryAction sometimes uses cookies placed by its third-party service providers to track the performance of our advertisements.
For example, these cookies remember which browsers have visited the websites.
This data given to the third-party service providers does not include information that identifies you specifically, but this data may be re-associated with information that identifies you specifically after EveryAction receives it.
Marketo Olark Google To learn more about how to opt out of targeting and advertising cookies, you can go to the Your Online Choices page, the Network Advertising Initiative page, and the Digital Advertising Alliance's Consumer Choice page.
These opt-out tools are provided by third parties, not EveryAction.
We do not control or operate these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools.

What is a Web Beacon?

We use web beacons along with cookies to gather data about use of our websites and account portals.
Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of data on your computer, like cookies, when you viewed a particular website tied to the web beacon, and a description of a website tied to the web beacon.
For example, we may put web beacons in marketing emails that notify us when you click on a link in the email that directs you to a website or one of its pages.
We use web beacons to operate and improve the website and email communications.

What We Do with IP Addresses?

When you visit our websites, account portals, or use our products and services, like our APIs, we may collect your IP addresses to track and analyze information about the devices that are connecting to our systems and about where those devices are located.
For example, we use IP addresses to track which regions visitors to our websites or Customers logging into our account portal come from and to detect possible fraud.
We however assign a unique identification number to the IP address and we do not retain any IP address beyond that web session.

Do-Not-Track Signals

Do Not Track ("
DNT
") is a privacy preference that you can set in most web browsers.
Certain state laws require us to indicate whether we honor DNT settings in your browser.
EveryAction currently supports DNT.
however, there is no accepted standard on how to respond to web browsers' DNT signals and even when you have DNT enabled, we may still use information collected for analytics and measurement purposes or to otherwise provide the EveryAction Materials but we will not load any third-party trackers.
You can learn more about Do Not Track here.

Targeting Advertising

Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) use cookies, over which we have no control.
We or third parties may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser when you visit our websites for the purpose of serving you targeted advertising (also referred to as "online behavioral advertising" or "interest-based advertising").
To learn more about targeted advertising and advertising networks please visit the opt-out pages of the Network Advertising Initiative, here, and the Digital Advertising Alliance, here.
To manage the use of targeting and advertising cookies on our websites, consult your individual browser settings for cookies.
To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, click here.
Various browsers may also offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 local storage.
These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites to provide relevant advertisements about goods and service that you may be interested in.
They may also employ technology to measure the effectiveness of advertisements.
See above for more information and opt-out options.

Changes to our Cookie Notice

Information privacy is a constant responsibility so we may update this Cookie Notice as we adopt new personal data and privacy practices.
We will post any changes we make to this Cookie Notice on this page.
Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to this Cookie Notice.

Contacting Us

If you have any questions or suggestions with respect to this Cookie Notice, you can contact us at the information provided in our Privacy Policy which is available here.
