
The website located at www.evowise.com is operated by SC EvoWise SRL.
(hereinafter referred to as "Company," "us," "we," and "our").
We are committed to respecting your privacy and recognizing your need for appropriate protections and management of personally identifying information you share with us.
This privacy policy explains how we use your information that is collected through your use of this website.
AS A CONDITION OF YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THIS WEBSITE YOU AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY:
Adults OnlyIf you are under the age of 18 you may not use this website for any purposes.
GeneralWe may track the Internet domain address from which people visit the Website and analyze this data for trends and statistics, but individual users will remain anonymous unless they voluntarily tell us who they are.
To access some areas of this website you must first register.
such registration will require you to provide personally identifying information which will be stored on our website and in our internal company records.
Whether or not you choose to provide the information we request is entirely up to you.
But if you choose not to provide the information which we request, you will be unable to access certain areas of this website.
Collection and Use of Personal InformationIf you choose to provide information to us through our online registration, you may be asked to provide information, including your name, company name, physical address, billing address, telephone number, facsimile number, e-mail address, website address, tax payer ID number or social security number, billing or payment information, and other identifying information.
If necessary, we may share your personal information which you provide with our partners that requests such information.
We may use the personal information which you provide for any legally permissible purpose.
Your personal information is necessary for us to provide you access to and use of our network and websites.
If you have questions concerning our privacy policy or you wish to opt-out of receiving future communications from Company or from having your personal information shared with third parties please click here.
Third-Party HostingCompany may contract with a third party to maintain and host the Website.
Therefore any information you submit, including personal information, may be placed and stored on a computer server maintained by this third-party host.
You agree that Company is not liable for any breach of security due to the actions or inactions of the third-party host.
Links to Other MaterialsThe Website may contain links to other sites.
Any such links are an accommodation to the respective third-party site owners and for your convince.
Sites linked to and from the Website are not necessarily under the control of Company, and Company shall have no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the content or privacy practices of any linked sites, or any link or linking program at any time.
SecurityThis Website has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
Effective Date and ChangesThis privacy policy is effective as of February 7, 2016.
YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE CONSTITUTES BINDING ACCEPTANCE OF THIS PRIVACY POICY.
We reserve the right to modify the terms of this privacy policy at any time and in our sole discretion, by posting a change notice on this page.
YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE WEBSITE FOLLOWING OUR POSTING OF A CHANGE NOTICE WILL CONSTITUTE BINDING ACCEPTANCE OF THOSE CHANGES.
