
         Privacy Policy Effective date: September 1st, 2021 We care about your privacy.
This page explains actions and policies in use for the information that you provide when using this website and communicate with us as a service user.
In short
Exoscale only collects and information you choose to give us, and
processes it with your consent or on legal basis.
We collect as little
personal information as we can to allow us to provide our services.
Personal information is not sold to third parties and is used and
processed as described on this page.
We comply with the EU’s Privacy Shield framework and the General Data
Protection Regulation (GDPR).
We provide the same level of privacy
protection regardless of your country of origin or location.
Information collected by Exoscale
Information from website browsers
If you’re browsing Exoscale websites, we rely on cookies, server logs and
web analytics providers to automatically collect basic information about
the visitor.
This information includes the browser type, operating system, language
preference, referring site, and the date and time of each request.
We
also collect potentially personally-identifying information such as IP
addresses.
Information from users with Exoscale accounts
On account creation, we ask for the following information:

Email address
Password
Full name and/or company name
Billing address

We also collect personal information from you when you subscribe to our
newsletters.
If you contact us from our website’s contact form or our
support platform, we keep a copy of your communications with us.
We also
keep a copy of all communication we send you that is related to the
providing of our services.
Use of collected information
We use the personal information we collect from you for the following
purposes:

To deal with your requests
To provide you with information and access to resources that you have requested from us
To provide you with technical support
To improve our website’s performance and efficiency in assisting you with the use of our products
For intrusion and misuse detection and securing access to our systems as well as enforcing our Terms of Service
To improve our efficiency with customer service, content and functionality of our offering, to better understand our users’ needs and for general business management.
To send important email notifications related to your use of the service.
When you have allowed us to do so, to send occasional newsletter and marketing campaigns about our services.
You can unsubscribe from these at any time using the link provided in the message.

Protection of information
Safe handling of your personal information when it’s entered, submitted
or accessed is ensured by the use of TLS for all communications over the
network.
Furthermore, we rely on PCI-compliant payment providers and do not store
financial or credit card information on our servers.
Identification of
your account between Exoscale and the credit card processor is done
through an anonymized token that we exchange in an encrypted way.
Our data isn’t encrypted at-rest, however we control access to our
datacenter locations with physical and network security.
Cookies and tracking
We use cookies and affiliated technologies such as localStorage to keep
you logged in on our web properties and remembering your preferences.
Our web analytics provider(s) also use cookies as a tracking mechanism.
We only enable analytics on our public properties and within our customer
on-boarding process to improve our performance in these areas. Cookie List A cookie is a small piece of data (text file) that a website – when visited by a user – asks your browser to store on your device in order to remember information about you, such as your language preference or login information.
Those cookies are set by us and called first-party cookies.
We also use third-party cookies – which are cookies from a domain different than the domain of the website you are visiting – for our advertising and marketing efforts.
More specifically, we use cookies and other tracking technologies for the following purposes: Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems.
They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.
You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.
These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Cookie Subgroup Cookies Cookies used .www.exoscale.com OptanonConsent, OptanonAlertBoxClosed 1st Party Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site.
They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Cookie Subgroup Cookies Cookies used exoscale.com _gid, _gat_UA-, _ga 1st Party pagesense-collect.zoho.com 0d269e8747, _zcsr_tmp, zfccn 3rd Party Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation.
They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.
If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Cookie Subgroup Cookies Cookies used app.getbeamer.com JSESSIONID 3rd Party www.google.com DV, OTZ 3rd Party .getbeamer.com _gid, _ga, _BEAMER_USER_ID_edWVOMQu12398, _gat_beamerTracker 3rd Party .google.com __Secure-3PAPISID, __Secure-3PSID, __Secure-3PSIDCC, 1P_JAR, APISID, GMAIL_RTT, HSID, NID, S, SAPISID, SEARCH_SAMESITE, SID, SIDCC, SSID 3rd Party Social Media Cookies These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests.
This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit.
If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Cookie Subgroup Cookies Cookies used www.slideshare.net language 3rd Party twitter.com personalization_id, ct0, guest_id 3rd Party www.linkedin.com bscookie 3rd Party linkedin.com lissc, UserMatchHistory, bcookie, lang, lidc 3rd Party slideshare.net __utmt, __utmz, lang, __utmc, bcookie, __utmb, _uv_id, __utma 3rd Party ads.linkedin.com lang 3rd Party linkedin.net lissc 3rd Party Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners.
They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.
They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device.
If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Cookie Subgroup Cookies Cookies used www.exoscale.com zabVisitId, zabUserId 1st Party doubleclick.net IDE, test_cookie 3rd Party youtube.com GPS, VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE, YSC 3rd Party scorecardresearch.com UID, UIDR 3rd Party www.swissinfo.ch ServerID 3rd Party cdn.pagesense.io ztpctest, zabUserId, zabVisitId 3rd Party You can change your preferences here Cookie Settings.
Data processors
Exoscale may rely on third-party sub-processor(s) to carry out specific
processing activities on behalf of the Client throughout its providing of
the Services.
A list of sub-processors per Service is available in the following tables:
Compute, Storage, SKS Name of data processor
Purpose
Location (currently no third-party processor) DBaaS flavors Name of data processor
Purpose
Location Aiven Oy
Orchestration of data infrastructure services instances running on Exoscale Compute
HELSINKI, Finland Third-party providers
Exoscale relies on third-party providers to fulfill its operations.
Exoscale hence forwards data about its Clients to these providers.
Under
no circumstances is data uploaded by Clients to Exoscale Services
transferred to these providers. Name of provider
Purpose
Location Bexio
Accounting
Switzerland Postfinance
Payment Service Provider
Switzerland PayPal
Payment Service Provider
United States Six (previously Aduno)
Credit card processor
Switzerland Google Analytics
Web analytics
United States Twitter
Web analytics
United States Zoho
A/B testing
India Mailchimp
Newsletters and marketing campaigns
United States A1 Digital International
Business intelligence
Austria Amazon Web Services
Data archival
United States Joincube (aka.
Beamer)
Changelog user notifications
United States MoocIt
Online learning platform
France Age limitations
To the extent prohibited by applicable law, we do not allow use of our
Services by anyone younger than 16 years old.
Exoscale does not collect
information about users’ age, but if we learn that anyone younger than
16 has unlawfully provided us with personal data, we will take steps
to delete such information.
Exercise of rights
As an Exoscale Client, you are entitled to exercising the following rights
with regard to the personal data Exoscale holds about you:

Right of information
Right of access
Right to rectification
Right to erasure
Right to restriction of processing
Right to data portability
Right to object to processing
Right to not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing.

Data controller contact and Data Protection Officer
Data subjects can exercise their rights by sending an email to
privacy@exoscale.com.
All
enquiries will be handled by the Exoscale team under supervision of the
Exoscale Data Privacy Officer.
In accordance with Article 27 of the GDPR
for controllers or processors based outside the European Union, Exoscale
has appointed A1 Digital International GmbH, a company duly established
and existing under the laws of Austria with its registered office at
Lassallestrasse 9, 1020 Vienna, Austria as its Representative in the
European Union.
A1 Digital International GmbH can reached by post by
sending a letter to “FAO Data Protection Officer” to the above address, or
by email to privacy@a1.digital.
Data Protection Authority
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area and believe we maintain your Personal Data within the scope of the General Data Protection
Regulation (GDPR), you may direct questions or complaints to our lead supervisory authority:
Commission Nationale de l'Informatique et des Libertés
3 Place de Fontenoy
TSA 80715
75334 PARIS CEDEX 07
France

Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time.
Laws, regulations and industry standards evolve, which may make those changes necessary,
or we may make changes to our Services or business.
We will post the
changes to this page and encourage you to review our Privacy Policy to
stay informed.
If we make changes that materially alter your privacy
rights, we will provide additional notice, such as via email or through
the Services.
If you disagree with the changes to this Privacy Policy,
you should terminate your Exoscale account.
