

Home
Expat Healthcare
Expat Health Insurance
Nomad Insurance
 Moving Overseas
 Expat Resources
Best Places to Live
Real Estate
Shipping &amp.
Moving
Mail Forwarding &amp.
Mail
 Expat Exchange Select a Country:
Algeria Antigua &amp.
Barbuda Argentina Australia Austria Bahamas Barbados Belgium Belize Bermuda Brazil Brit.
Virgin Isl.
Bulgaria Canada Chile China Colombia Costa Rica Croatia Cyprus Czech Rep Denmark Dominican Rep Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Estonia Fiji Finland France Georgia Rep Germany Greece Grenada Guatemala Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Ireland Israel Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Kenya Korea Laos Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Malaysia Martinique Mexico Monaco Morocco Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Norway Pakistan Panama Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Romania Russia Saint Lucia Saudi Arabia Scotland Singapore Slovenia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand Trinidad &amp.
Tobago Turkey UAE UK Ukraine United States Uruguay Vietnam More Countries Expats
Nomads
Retirees Select a Country: Algeria Antigua &amp.
Barbuda Argentina Australia Austria Bahamas Barbados Belgium Belize Bermuda Brazil Brit.
Virgin Isl.
Bulgaria Canada Chile China Colombia Costa Rica Croatia Cyprus Czech Rep Denmark Dominican Rep Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Estonia Fiji Finland France Georgia Rep Germany Greece Grenada Guatemala Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Ireland Israel Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Kenya Korea Laos Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Malaysia Martinique Mexico Monaco Morocco Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Norway Pakistan Panama Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Romania Russia Saint Lucia Saudi Arabia Scotland Singapore Slovenia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand Trinidad &amp.
Tobago Turkey UAE UK Ukraine United States Uruguay Vietnam
More Countries JoinSign In Expats
Digital Nomads
Retirees
Countries
Real Estate
Healthcare
Home Resources

Expat Health Insurance
Nomad Insurance
Shipping &amp.
Moving
Visa &amp.
Immigration
Mail Forwarding &amp.
Mail
Expat Tax
Relocation Companies
Expat Banking
International Jobs
Expat Blogs
Expat Counseling
More Resources
 JoinLogin Property Privacy Policy 


At ExpatExchange.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us.
This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information received and collected by ExpatExchange.com and how it is used.
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at help@expatexchange.com.


ExpatExchange.com collects your personal information when you register to use our message boards, post on our message boards, answer one of our surveys or reports, fill out other forms or request information about our services.


You are entitled to change or delete your private information contained in your profile at any time.
Other information you post on ExpatExchange.com can be deleted or made anonymous upon request (please send us an email at help@expatexchange.com).


Advice you offer in Message Board posts, surveys, or reports may be highlighted elsewhere on our website or in newsletters.


We use cookies and collect your IP address (for security and management of proper message board decorum).
(Also see more about our Cookies below.)


ExpatExchange.com uses this information to improve our service, enhance security, ensure we answer your requests and to conduct accurate research and reporting of an anonymous nature.


ExpatExchange.com does NOT distribute your personal information to any third party for any purpose without your permission.
This includes selling, renting or sharing of this information.
The only exceptions are as follows:


To investigate fraud or other illicit activities.
This includes the investigation of physical threats against any person, the violation of ExpatExchange.com's privacy policy or member agreement, or any other situation in which ExpatExchange.com or Burlingame Interactive is required by law.


Responses to legal actions, court orders, subpoenas.


To Defend ExpatExchange.com and Burlingame Interactive against any legal actions or the establishment of our legal rights.


In the event ExpatExchange.com is acquired by or merged with another legal entity, we will attempt to notify you via e-mail before any information is transferred to that legal entity and is governed by a new privacy policy.


ExpatExchange.com does not currently offer any services to children under the age of 18, and we have no desire to collect any information from anyone under the age of 18.


Log Files


Like many other Web sites, ExpatExchange.com makes use of log files.
The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information.
IP addresses, and other such information are NOT linked to any information that is personally identifiable.


Cookies


We use cookies to make our site function, analyze our traffic with Google Analytics, and for marketing purposes.


Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.


The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site.
For all other types of cookies we need your permission.


Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website.
The website cannot function properly without these cookies.


This site uses different types of cookies.
Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.


Statistic cookies (we use Google Anayltics) help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.


Marketing cookies enable website owners to properly place advertisements.
ExpatExchange.com does not use marketing cookies that customize ads or content for individual users.


If you have any questions or requests about your privacy on ExpatExchange.com, please send us an email at help@expatexchange.com.


 Expatriate Health Insurance
Get a quote for health insurance from our partner, Allianz Care.
 Get a Quote

 Expats Talk About The Biggest Challenges They Face Living in Latin America Expats talk about some of the biggest challenges they've faced living in Latin America.
Whether you're moving to Panama City or Punta del Este, this article is a must read to help you prepare (hint: you'll be much happier if you learn the language) and adjust your expectations (realities: the roads are rough, the pace of life is slower and bureaucracy is unavoidable).
Despite all of the challenges, the list of what expats like about life in Latin America far exceeds the challenges.


 Expats talk about some of the biggest challenges they've faced living in Latin America.
Whether you're moving to Panama City or Punta del Este, this article is a must read to help you prepare (hint:...

 You're Not Too Old To Live Abroad Who doesn't want to get out there and see the world? So many of us put off the prospect of moving overseas until later in life, and that shouldn't keep you from considering retiring abroad.

 Who doesn't want to get out there and see the world? So many of us put off the prospect of moving overseas until later in life, and that shouldn't keep you from considering retiring abroad....

 The 9 Best Islands for Expats and Global Nomads Does life have you dreaming of moving to an island and living a simpler life? Explore island life from the Caribbean to the Pacific.


 Does life have you dreaming of moving to an island and living a simpler life? Explore island life from the Caribbean to the Pacific.
...

 7 Best Places to Live on the Beach in Central America Want to live on the beach without breaking the bank? Central America is home to dozens of beach towns and cities beloved by expats and global nomads.
From Belize down to Panama, we explore 7 of the best places to live on the beach in Central America.


 Want to live on the beach without breaking the bank? Central America is home to dozens of beach towns and cities beloved by expats and global nomads.
From Belize down to Panama, we explore 7 of the ...

 Countries Introduce Global Nomad Visas During Pandemic Many people are escaping their routines and temporarily moving overseas during the pandemic.
These countries are welcoming them with open arms by making it easy for visitors to stay and work remotely for months or even a year.
The most recent addition to the list is Croatia - they've just launched online applications for their digital nomad visa.


 Many people are escaping their routines and temporarily moving overseas during the pandemic.
These countries are welcoming them with open arms by making it easy for visitors to stay and work remotely...

 10 Best Countries for Expats Expats around the world shared their opinions of what it's like to live overseas in our Best Places to Live 2020 Survey.
Here are the 10 countries that came out on top.
It's a must-read for anyone thinking about moving overseas or becoming a global nomad.


 Expats around the world shared their opinions of what it's like to live overseas in our Best Places to Live 2020 Survey.
Here are the 10 countries that came out on top.
It's a must-read for anyone t...

 An Expat Shares What it's Like Retiring in Cuenca, Ecuador A retired couple who landed in Cuenca, Ecuador with plans to rent a while and move from place to place is very happy with the decision to move to Ecuador.
They appreciate the low cost of living in Cuenca, access to quality healthcare, clubs and activities.
The one challenge has been the ever changing residency rules.

 A retired couple who landed in Cuenca, Ecuador with plans to rent a while and move from place to place is very happy with the decision to move to Ecuador.
They appreciate the low cost of living in Cu...

 An Expat Talks about Moving to Tokyo, Japan An expat in Tokyo talks about the high cost of housing, living close to work, property searches and mansion apartments.

 An expat in Tokyo talks about the high cost of housing, living close to work, property searches and mansion apartments....

 Expat Info
Moving Overseas Expat Healthcare Expat Banking &amp.
Expat Tax International Jobs Retire Overseas
Expat Resources
Auto Shipping &amp.
Auto
Expat Health Insurance
Shipping &amp.
Moving
Mail Forwarding &amp.
Mail
Auto Shipping &amp.
Auto
Expat Tax
Real Estate Agencies
Relocation Companies
International Car Insurance
International Life Insurance
Expat Banking
Expat Counseling
Expat Finance
Expat Blogs
International Jobs
Legal Services for Expats
Medical Evacuation
Pet Shipping
Sports &amp.
Recreation
Visa &amp.
Immigration Other LinksOur Story Our Team Contact Us Submit an Article Advertising Travel Warnings Afghanistan Forum
Algeria Forum
Angola Forum
Argentina Forum
Australia Forum
Austria Forum
Azerbaijan Forum
Bahamas Forum
Bangladesh Forum
Belgium Forum
Belize Forum
Bermuda Forum
Brazil Forum
Bulgaria Forum
Canada Forum
Chile Forum
China Forum
Colombia Forum
Costa Rica Forum
Cyprus Forum
Czech Rep Forum
Denmark Forum
Dominican Rep Forum
Ecuador Forum
Egypt Forum
El Salvador Forum
Estonia Forum
Fiji Forum
Finland Forum
France Forum
Germany Forum
Greece Forum
Guatemala Forum
Haiti Forum
Honduras Forum
Hong Kong Forum
Hungary Forum
India Forum
Indonesia Forum
Ireland Forum
Israel Forum
Italy Forum
Ivory Coast Forum
Jamaica Forum
Japan Forum
Jordan Forum
Kazakhstan Forum
Kenya Forum
Korea Forum
Kuwait Forum
Kyrgyzstan Forum
Laos Forum
Lebanon Forum
Lithuania Forum
Luxembourg Forum
Malaysia Forum
Mexico Forum
Moldova Forum
Morocco Forum
Nepal Forum
Netherlands Forum
New Zealand Forum
Nicaragua Forum
Norway Forum
Oman Forum
Pakistan Forum
Panama Forum
Peru Forum
Philippines Forum
Poland Forum
Portugal Forum
Qatar Forum
Romania Forum
Russia Forum
Saudi Arabia Forum
Scotland Forum
Singapore Forum
South Africa Forum
Spain Forum
Sri Lanka Forum
Sweden Forum
Switzerland Forum
Taiwan Forum
Tanzania Forum
Thailand Forum
Trinidad &amp.
Tob.
Forum
Turkey Forum
UAE Forum
Uganda Forum
UK Forum
Ukraine Forum
United States Forum
Uruguay Forum
Venezuela Forum
Vietnam Forum
Zimbabwe Forum Copyright 1997-2021 Burlingame Interactive, Inc.
Privacy Policy Legal 
