
         Toggle navigation f.lux 
News
Forum
Research
FAQ
 f.lux Privacy Policy Overview When you visit the f.lux website or use our software, we work hard to protect your privacy.
Like most websites, our Website uses cookies and Google Analytics, and we also use communication services provided to us by companies including Facebook, Disqus, and Twitter.
Our Software uses online mapping services (including Google Maps) to find your location, usually just once when you set things up.
f.lux needs this information to calculate the times of your sunrise and sunset.
Since operating systems and hardware are changing quickly, f.lux also has an automatic update feature that does daily checks and sends some information about your computer configuration to us.
We collect information about which versions and features of the f.lux software are used.
When you tell us to, we integrate with your home lighting (and to make this work, sometimes we talk to web services owned and operated by other companies).
We intend that everything we do that could impact your privacy is visible to you.
For example, on our Website, you can see a Facebook Like button, and in the Software, you can see a Google Map displayed in a window, and updates to the software can be skipped.
You can read our full legal policy, below. f.lux Privacy Policy We at F.lux Software LLC (“Company”) know you care about the information we may collect from you and that you may provide to us and how that information is used and shared.
Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, “Software” means the f.lux software you are about to (or have already) downloaded and/or installed, and “Website” refers to the justgetflux.com website and related online services operated by the Company.
By using the Software in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and you hereby consent that we will collect, use, and share your information in the following ways.
Remember that your use of Company’s Software is at all times subject to the End User License Agreement, which incorporates this Privacy Policy.
Any terms we use in this Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the End User License Agreement. What does this Privacy Policy cover? This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of information that we gather when you are accessing or using our Website and Software, but not to the practices of companies we don’t own or control, or people that we don’t manage.
We gather various types of information from our users, as explained in more detail below, and we use this information in connection with our Software, including to personalize, provide, and improve our Software and to analyze how you use the Software.
In certain cases, we may also share some information with third parties, but only as described below.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13.
If you are under 13, please do not attempt to download the Software and/or send or provide any personal information about yourself to us.
If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
If you believe that a child under 13 may have provided us personal information, please contact us at support@justgetflux.com. Will Company ever change this Privacy Policy? We’re constantly trying to improve our Software, so we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time as well, but we will alert you to changes by placing a notice on justgetflux.com, by sending you a Notification (as described in more detail below), and/or by some other means.
Please note that if you’ve opted not to receive legal notices from us, those legal notices will still govern your use of the Software, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them.
If you use the Software after any changes to the Privacy Policy have been posted, that means you agree to all of the changes.
Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. What Information does Company Collect? Information You Provide to Us We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us.
For example, if you use our Software to search for your location, we may collect geolocation data (including, without limitation, city names and specific addresses you provide).
We may also collect usage information such as your Software settings and preferences, and system information (including, without limitation, make and model of your computer, driver versions, and connected display types).
Certain information may be required to take advantage of some of our features.
If you request support or ask a question about the Software, we may communicate with you if you’ve provided us the means to do so (either directly or through a third party service such as Facebook, Twitter and/or an email provider).
For example, we may send you emails about your use of the Software or responses to comments or questions you may have. Information Collected Automatically Whenever you interact with our Website or Software using your browser or device, we automatically receive and record information in our server logs, which may include your IP address, device identification, “cookie” information, system and display information, and the type of browser and/or device on which you’re using or accessing our Website or Software.
“Cookies” are identifiers we transfer to your browser or device that allow us to recognize your browser or device and tell us how and when features in our Software are visited and by how many people.
You may be able to change the preferences on your browser or device to prevent or limit your device’s acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent you from taking advantage of some of our features.
This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies by any third parties, and we aren’t responsible for their privacy policies and practices.
We may also automatically collect information such as geo-location data based on the IP address of your device(s).
When we collect the usage information described above, we only use this data in aggregate form, and not in a manner that would identify you personally.
For example, this aggregate data can tell us how many users speak a particular language, or how many people use a particular feature of the Software, and we can use that knowledge to make the Software useful to as many users as possible. Information Collected if you synchronize your settings Some versions of f.lux will allow you to synchronize settings with our networked servers.
This feature allows you to subscribe to networked lighting schedules, to use the same schedule across your devices, and to control third-party lighting products.
When you choose to use this synchronization feature, you agree that our servers may transmit, record, and change your f.lux settings.
You will have the option to disconnect at any time. How will Company use information that it Collects? Notifications From time to time, Company may send notifications or messages (each, a “Notification”) to you on the device(s) on which you are using the Software as part of our automatic updates.
Company may send you Notifications to highlight new features or tell you about changes to the Software.
Notifications will display using a system notifier, or your default web browser (because this is the most secure way for Company to communicate these messages to you).
You may opt out of receiving Notifications by disabling Software updates. Will Company Share Any of the Information it Receives? We neither rent nor sell your information in personally identifiable form to anyone.
However, we may share your information with third parties as described in this section:

Third Parties: On our Website or in the Software, we may utilize services available to us (such as Google Maps, Twitter, Disqus, Facebook, Philips Hue, and email providers), and we may partner or work with third party services (such as lighting controls, fitness, geolocation providers, or home automation companies) to offer you certain features in connection with the Software, and such third party services may collect information from our users.
We have no control over the policies and practices of third party services as to privacy or anything else, so please familiarize yourself with their policies.

Agents: We may employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products or Software to you.
Unless we tell you differently, our agents do not have any right to use the information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us.

Business Transfers: We may choose to buy or sell assets.
In these types of transactions, customer information is typically one of the business assets that would be transferred.
Also, if we (or our assets) are acquired, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control, information could be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.

Partners: We may work with select Partners to distribute the software (for example, to install f.lux with a new PC).
In these cases, we may share aggregate traffic data (number of installs, number of active users) with these third parties.

Protection of Company and Others: We reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information that we believe is necessary to comply with law or court order.
enforce or apply our End User License Agreement and other agreements.
or protect the rights, property, or safety of Company, our employees, our users, or others. How can I be sure f.lux is safe to install? The service virustotal.com (which automatically runs a large number of anti-virus and safety checks) provides the following analysis of our software and practices:

flux-setup.exe for Windows
Flux.zip for Mac
justgetflux website
 What if I have questions about this policy? If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policies, please send us a detailed message to support@justgetflux.com, and we will try to resolve your concerns.
Effective Date: November 25, 2013 Email for further information: support@justgetflux.com Copyright f.lux Software LLC 2008-2020 Original textContribute a better translation 
      