
The providers ("we", "us", "our") of the service provided by this web site ("Service") are not responsible for any user-generated content and accounts ("Content").
Submitted content expresses the view of their author/s only.
Our services are not available to persons under eighteen (18) years or twenty one (21) years where eighteen years is not the legal age of majority ("the age of majority").
By using https://f95zone.com/ and affiliated services you agree you're at least eighteen (18) years or twenty one (21) years where eighteen years is not the legal age of majority ("the age of majority").
old.
You agree to not use the Service to submit or link to any Content which is defamatory, abusive, hateful, threatening, spam or spam-like, likely to offend, contains personal information of others.
Due to the large amount of content posted by others on the forum, we cannot and do not undertake to monitor or control the nature of the content available on the forum.
Users are solely responsible for their interactions with other users of the forum.
Users must not post any fraudulent, misleading, defamatory, infringing or unlawful content on the Website.
Users agree to defend and indemnify us against any infringement, breach of privacy, defamation or similar claims relating to their use of the forum.

We reserve the right but are not obliged to monitor content and materials posted on the Website and to remove, edit or take any other action to restrict access to any material or content that we or another User may consider to be obscene, unlawful, defamatory, invasive of privacy or otherwise inappropriate or objectionable.
We are not responsible for the actions of users which take place at the forum.
All users acknowledge that our responding to complaints regarding any material or content posted to the Website is done only of our good free will to assist users in having a pleasurable experience on the forum and not because of any duty imposed on us to do so.
We reserve the rights to remove or modify any Content submitted for any reason without explanation.
Requests for Content to be removed or modified will be undertaken only at our discretion.
We reserve the right to take action against any account within the Service at any time.
 https://f95zone.com/ may provide links to other websites which are independent of us.
We make no representations or warranties about any such websites and exclude all responsibility for the content or use of any such websites.

These terms may be changed at any time without notice.
If you do not agree with these terms, please do not register or use this Service.
If you wish to close your account please Contact Us


Last updated: December 30, 2018

