
        Terms of Use AgreementYou can see our previous Terms of Use at www.faceapp.com/terms-20170803.html
Last Updated: December 03, 2019
These Terms of Use Agreement (“Agreement”) apply to your access and use of this website, or the applications and other online products and services (collectively, our “Services”) provided by FaceApp Inc (“FaceApp” or “we”).
PLEASE BE AWARE THAT SECTION 14 OF THE AGREEMENT, BELOW, CONTAINS PROVISIONS GOVERNING HOW DISPUTES THAT YOU AND WE HAVE AGAINST EACH OTHER ARE RESOLVED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DISPUTES THAT AROSE OR WERE ASSERTED PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THIS AGREEMENT.
IN PARTICULAR, IT CONTAINS AN ARBITRATION AGREEMENT WHICH WILL, WITH LIMITED EXCEPTIONS, REQUIRE DISPUTES BETWEEN US TO BE SUBMITTED TO BINDING AND FINAL ARBITRATION.
UNLESS YOU OPT OUT OF THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT: (1) YOU WILL ONLY BE PERMITTED TO PURSUE DISPUTES OR CLAIMS AND SEEK RELIEVE AGAINST US ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING.
AND (2) YOU ARE WAIVING YOUR RIGHT TO PURSUE DISPUTES OR CLAIMS AND SEEK RELIEF IN A COURT OF LAW AND TO HAVE A JURY TRIAL.
ANY DISPUTE, CLAIM OR REQUEST FOR RELIEF RELATING IN ANY WAY TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE WILL BE GOVERNED AND INTERPRETED BY AND UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA, CONSISTENT WITH THE FEDERAL ARBITRATION ACT, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY PRINCIPLES THAT PROVIDE FOR THE APPLICATION OF THE LAW OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION.
THE UNITED NATIONS CONVENTION ON CONTRACTS FOR THE INTERNATIONAL SALE OF GOODS IS EXPRESSLY EXCLUDED FROM THE AGREEMENT.
If you do not agree to this Agreement, including the mandatory arbitration provision and class action waiver in Section 14, do not access or use our Services.
PLEASE NOTE THAT THE AGREEMENT IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE BY FACEAPP IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION AT ANY TIME.
When changes are made, we will make a new copy of the Agreement available at our website and within our mobile application.
We will also update the “Last Updated” date at the top of the Agreement.
If we make any material changes, we will also send push notification or show a pop-up to you via the FaceApp application.
Any changes to the Agreement will be effective immediately for new users of the website, the mobile application and/or the Services and will be effective thirty (30) days after posting notice of such changes on the website for existing users, provided that any material changes shall be effective for existing users upon the earlier of thirty (30) days after posting notice of such changes on the website or thirty (30) days after dispatch of the push notification of such changes.
We may require you to provide consent to the updated Agreement in a specified manner before further use of the website, the mobile application and/or the Services is permitted.
If you do not agree to any change(s) after receiving a notice of such change(s), you shall stop using the Services, including the website and the mobile application.
Otherwise, your continued use of the Services, including the website and the mobile application, constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
PLEASE CHECK THE WEBSITE REGULARLY TO VIEW THE THEN-CURRENT AGREEMENT.
If you have any questions about this Agreement or our Services, please contact us at contact@faceapp.com1.
EligibilityYou must be at least 13 years of age to access or use our Services.
If you are under 18 years of age (or the age of legal majority where you live), you may only access or use our Services under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to be bound by this Agreement.
If you are a parent or legal guardian of a user under the age of 18 (or the age of legal majority), you agree to be fully responsible for the acts or omissions of such user in connection with our Services.
If you are accessing or using our Services on behalf of another person or entity, you represent that you are authorized to accept this Agreement on that person or entity’s behalf and that the person or entity agrees to be responsible to us if you or the other person or entity violates this Agreement.2.
User Accounts and Account SecurityIf you choose to login to the Services via a third-party platform or social media network, you will need to use your credentials (e.g., username and password) from a third-party online platform.
You must maintain the security of your third party account and promptly notify us if you discover or suspect that someone has accessed your account without your permission.
If you permit others to use your account credentials, you are responsible for the activities of such users that occur in connection with your account.3.
PrivacyPlease refer to our Privacy Policy for information about how we collect, use and disclose information about you.4.
User ContentOur Services may allow you and other users to create, post, store and share content, including photos, videos, messages, text, software and other materials (collectively, “User Content”).
User Content does not include user-generated filters.
Subject to this Agreement and the Privacy Policy, you retain all rights in and to your User Content, as between you and FaceApp.
Further, FaceApp does not claim ownership of any User Content that you post on or through the Services.
You grant FaceApp a nonexclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, fully paid license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display your User Content during the term of this Agreement solely to provide you with the Services.
You acknowledge that some of the Services are supported by advertising revenue and may display advertisements and promotions, and you hereby agree that FaceApp may place such advertising and promotions on the Services or on, about, or in conjunction with your User Content.
The manner, mode and extent of such advertising and promotions are subject to change without specific notice to you.
You acknowledge that we may not always identify paid services, sponsored content, or commercial communications as such.
You represent and warrant that: (i) you own or otherwise have the right to use the User Content modified by you on or through the Services in accordance with the rights and licenses set forth in this Agreement.
(ii) you agree to pay for all royalties, fees, and any other monies owed by reason of User Content you stylize on or through the Services.
and (iii) you have the legal right and capacity to enter into this Agreement in your jurisdiction.
You may not create, post, store or share any User Content that violates this Agreement or for which you do not have all the rights necessary to grant us the license described above.
Although we have no obligation to screen, edit or monitor User Content, we may delete or remove User Content at any time and for any reason.
FaceApp is not a backup service and you agree that you will not rely on the Services for the purposes of User Content backup or storage.
FaceApp will not be liable to you for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the Services, or the loss of any User Content.5.
Prohibited Conduct and ContentYou will not violate any applicable law, contract, intellectual property or other third-party right or commit a tort, and you are solely responsible for your conduct while accessing or using our Services.
You will not:

Engage in any harassing, threatening, intimidating, predatory or stalking conduct;
Use or attempt to use another user’s account without authorization from that user and FaceApp;
Use our Services in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect or inhibit other users from fully enjoying our Services or that could damage, disable, overburden or impair the functioning of our Services in any manner;
Reverse engineer any aspect of our Services or do anything that might discover source code or bypass or circumvent measures employed to prevent or limit access to any part of our Services;
Attempt to circumvent any content-filtering techniques we employ or attempt to access any feature or area of our Services that you are not authorized to access;
Develop or use any third-party applications that interact with our Services without our prior written consent, including any scripts designed to scrape or extract data from our Services;
Use our Services for any illegal or unauthorized purpose, or engage in, encourage or promote any activity that violates this Agreement.

You may also only post or otherwise share User Content that is non-confidential and you have all necessary rights to disclose.
You may not create, post, store or share any User Content that:

Is unlawful, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, indecent, lewd, suggestive, harassing, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, inflammatory or fraudulent;
Would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or otherwise create liability or violate any local, state, national or international law;
May infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual or proprietary right of any party;
Contains or depicts any statements, remarks or claims that do not reflect your honest views and experiences;
Impersonates, or misrepresents your affiliation with, any person or entity;
Contains any unsolicited promotions, political campaigning, advertising or solicitations;
Contains any private or personal information of a third party without such third party’s consent;
Contains any viruses, corrupted data or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files or content.
or
Is, in our sole judgment, objectionable or that restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying our Services, or that may expose FaceApp or others to any harm or liability of any type.

In addition, although we have no obligation to screen, edit or monitor User Content, we may delete or remove User Content at any time and for any reason.6.
Limited License.
Copyright and TrademarkOur Services and the text, graphics, images, photographs, videos, illustrations, trademarks, trade names, page headers, button icons, scripts, service marks, logos, slogans, filters, user generated filters and other content contained therein (collectively, the “FaceApp Content”) are owned by or licensed to FaceApp and are protected under both United States and foreign laws.
Except as explicitly stated in this Agreement, FaceApp and our licensors reserve all rights in and to our Services and the FaceApp Content.
You are hereby granted a limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to access and use our Services and FaceApp Content for your own personal use.
however, such license is subject to this Agreement and does not include any right to: (a) sell, resell or commercially use our Services or FaceApp Content.
(b) copy, reproduce, distribute, publicly perform or publicly display FaceApp Content, except as expressly permitted by us or our licensors.
(c) modify the FaceApp Content, remove any proprietary rights notices or markings, or otherwise make any derivative uses of our Services or FaceApp Content, except as expressly set forth in this Agreement.
(d) use any data mining, robots or similar data gathering or extraction methods.
or (e) use our Services or FaceApp Content other than as expressly provided in this Agreement.
Any use of our Services or FaceApp Content other than as specifically authorized herein, without our prior written permission, is strictly prohibited and will terminate the license granted under this Agreement.
You will not remove, alter or conceal any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the FaceApp Content.7.
FeedbackAny questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, original or creative materials or other information you submit about FaceApp or our products or Services (collectively, “Feedback”), is non-confidential and we have no obligations (including without limitation obligations of confidentiality) with respect to such Feedback.
You hereby grant to FaceApp a fully paid, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, and fully sublicensable right and license to use, reproduce, perform, display, distribute, adapt, modify, re-format, create derivative works of, and otherwise commercially or non-commercially exploit in any manner, any and all Feedback, and to sublicense the foregoing rights, in connection with the operation and maintenance of the Services and/or FaceApp’s business.8.
Copyright ComplaintsWe have a policy of limiting access to our Services and terminating the accounts of users who repeatedly infringe the intellectual property copyright rights of others upon prompt notification to us by the copyright owner or the copyright owner’s legal agent.
Without limiting the foregoing, if you believe that your work has been copied and posted on or through the Services in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our Copyright Agent with the following information: (a) an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest.
(b) a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed.
(c) a description of the location on the Services of the material that you claim is infringing.
(d) your address, telephone number and e-mail address.
€ a written statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law.
and (f) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
Contact information for FaceApp’s Copyright Agent for notice of claims of infringement is as follows: Yaroslav Goncharov, Designated DMCA Copyright Agent, FaceApp Inc, 1000 N West Street, Suite 1200, Wilmington, Delaware, 19801.9.
IndemnificationTo the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless FaceApp and each of our respective officers, directors, agents, partners and employees (individually and collectively, the “FaceApp Parties”) from and against any loss, liability, claim, demand, damages, expenses or costs (“Claims”) arising out of or related to (a) your access to or use of our Services.
(b) your User Content or Feedback.
(c) your violation of this Agreement.
(d) your violation, misappropriation or infringement of any rights of another (including intellectual property rights or privacy rights).
or (e) your conduct in connection with our Services.
You agree to promptly notify FaceApp Parties of any third party Claims, cooperate with FaceApp Parties in defending such Claims and pay all fees, costs and expenses associated with defending such Claims (including, but not limited to, attorneys’ fees).
You also agree that the FaceApp Parties will have control of the defense or settlement of any third party Claims.
This indemnity is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other indemnities set forth in a written agreement between you and FaceApp or the other FaceApp Parties.10.
DisclaimersWe do not control, endorse or take responsibility for any User Content or third-party content available on or linked to by our Services.
YOUR USE OF OUR SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
OUR SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
In addition, FaceApp does not represent or warrant that our Services are accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free.
While FaceApp attempts to make your access to and use of our Services safe, we cannot and do not represent or warrant that our Services or servers are free of viruses or other harmful components.
You assume the entire risk as to the quality and performance of the Services.11.
Limitation of LiabilityFACEAPP AND THE OTHER FACEAPP PARTIES WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY—WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, WARRANTY, OR OTHERWISE—FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES OR LOST PROFITS, EVEN IF FACEAPP OR THE OTHER FACEAPP PARTIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF FACEAPP AND THE OTHER FACEAPP PARTIES, FOR ANY CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR OUR SERVICES, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, IS LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID, IF ANY, BY YOU TO ACCESS OR USE OUR SERVICES.
The limitations set forth in this section will not limit or exclude liability for the gross negligence, fraud or intentional misconduct of FaceApp or the other FaceApp Parties or for any other matters in which liability cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Additionally, some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you.12.
ReleaseTo the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you release FaceApp and the other FaceApp Parties from responsibility, liability, claims, demands, and/or damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown (including, but not limited to, claims of negligence), arising out of or related to disputes between users and the acts or omissions of third parties.
You expressly waive any rights you may have under California Civil Code § 1542 as well as any other statute or common law principles that would otherwise limit the coverage of this release to include only those claims which you may know or suspect to exist in your favor at the time of agreeing to this release.13.
Transfer and Processing DataBy accessing or using our Services, you acknowledge and, as applicable, consent to the processing, transfer and storage of information about you in and to the United States and other countries.14.
Dispute Resolution.
Binding Arbitration AgreementPlease read the following section carefully because it requires users who are U.S.
residents to arbitrate certain disputes and claims with FaceApp and limits the manner in which you can seek relief from us.
Applicability of Arbitration Agreement.
Except for small claims disputes in which you or FaceApp seek to bring an individual action in small claims court located in the county of your billing address or disputes in which you or FaceApp seeks injunctive or other equitable relief for the alleged unlawful use of intellectual property, you and FaceApp waive your rights to a jury trial and to have any dispute arising out of or related to this Agreement or our Services resolved in court.
This Arbitration Agreement shall apply, without limitation, to all disputes or claims and requests for relief that arose or were asserted before the effective date of this Agreement or any prior version of this Agreement.
Arbitration Rules and Forum.
The Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Arbitration Agreement.
To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your dispute or claim or request for relief to our registered agent [include name and address of registered agent here].
The arbitration will be resolved through confidential binding arbitration by the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services (“JAMS”), an established alternative dispute resolution provider.
Disputes involving claims, counterclaims, or requests for relief under $250,000, not inclusive of attorneys’ fees and interest, shall be subject to JAMS’s most current version of the Streamlined Arbitration Rules and procedures available.
all other disputes shall be subject to JAMS’s most current version of the Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures, available at http://www.jamsadr.com/rules-comprehensive-arbitration/.
JAMS’s rules are also available at www.jamsadr.com or by calling JAMS at 800-352-5267.
If JAMS is not available to arbitrate, the parties will select an alternative arbitral forum.
If the arbitrator finds that you cannot afford to pay JAMS’s filing, administrative, hearing and/or other fees and cannot obtain a waiver from JAMS, FaceApp will pay them for you.
In addition, we will reimburse all such JAMS’s filing, administrative, hearing and/or other fees for disputes, claims, or requests for relief totaling less than $10,000 unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous.
You may choose to have the arbitration conduced by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the country where you live or at another mutually agreed location.
Any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
You may choose to have the arbitration conduced by telephone, based on written submissions or at another mutually agreed location.
Any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Authority of Arbitrator.
The arbitrator shall have exclusive authority to (a) determine the scope and enforceability of this Arbitration Agreement and (b) resolve any dispute related to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of this Arbitration Agreement, including, but not limited to, any assertion that all or any part of this Arbitration Agreement is void or voidable.
The arbitration will decide the rights and liabilities, if any, of you and FaceApp.
The arbitration proceeding will not be consolidated with any other matters or joined with any other cases or parties.
The arbitrator shall have the authority to grant motions dispositive of all or part of any claim.
The arbitrator shall have the authority to award monetary damages and to grant any non-monetary remedy or relief available to an individual under applicable law, the arbitral forum’s rules, and the Agreement (including the Arbitration Agreement).
The arbitrator shall issue a written award and statement of decision describing the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based, including the calculation of any damages awarded.
The arbitrator has the same authority to award relief on an individual basis that a judge in a court of law would have.
The award of the arbitrator is final and binding upon you and us.
Waiver of Jury Trial.
YOU AND FACEAPP HEREBY WAIVE ANY CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY RIGHTS TO SUE IN COURT AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JUDGE OR A JURY.
You and FaceApp are instead electing that all disputes, claims or requests for relief shall be resolved by arbitration under this Arbitration Agreement, except as specified above.
An arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court and must follow this Agreement as a court would.
However, there is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is subject to very limited.
Review.
Waiver of Class or Other Non-Individualized Relief.
ALL DISPUTES, CLAIMS AND REQUESTS FOR RELIEF WITHIN THE SCOPE OF THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT MUST BE ARBITRATED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT ON A CLASS OR COLLECTIVE BASIS.
ONLY INDIVIDUAL RELIEF IS AVAILABLE, AND CLAIMS OF MORE THAN ONE USER CANNOT BE ARBITRATED OR CONSOLIDATED WITH THOSE OF ANY OTHER USER.
If a decision is issued stating that applicable law precludes enforcement of any of this subsection’s limitations as to a given dispute, claim or request for relief, then such aspect must be severed from the arbitration and brought into the State or Federal Courts located in the State of California.
All other disputes, claims, or requests for relief shall be arbitrated.
30-Day Right to Opt-Out.
You have the right to opt out of the provisions of this Arbitration Agreement by sending written notice of your decision to opt-out to: arbitration@faceapp.com, within 30 days after first becoming subject to this Arbitration Agreement.
Your notice must include your name and address, your username (if any), the e-mail address you used to set up your account (if you have one), and an unequivocal statement that you want to opt out of this Arbitration Agreement.
If you opt out of this Arbitration Agreement, all other parts of this Agreement will continue to apply to you.
Opting out of this Arbitration Agreement has no effect on any other arbitration agreements that you may currently have, or may enter in the future, with us.
You and FaceApp agree that the state or federal courts of the State of California and the United States sitting in Santa Clara County, California have exclusive jurisdiction over any appeals and the enforcement of an arbitration award.
Severability.
Except as provided in this Section 14 above, if any part or parts of this Arbitration Agreement are found under the law to be invalid or unenforceable, then such specific part or parts shall be of no force and effect and shall be severed, and the remainder of the Arbitration Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.
Survival of Agreement.
This Arbitration Agreement will survive the termination of your relationship with FaceApp.
Modification, Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, we agree that if FaceApp makes any future material change to this Arbitration Agreement you may reject that change within thirty (30) days of such change becoming effective by writing Company at the following address: arbitration@faceapp.com.15.
Governing Law and VenueThis Agreement and your access to and use of our Services will be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of California, consistent with the Federal Arbitration Act, without regard to conflict of law rules or principles (whether of California or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.
The United Nations Convention for the International Sale of Goods does not apply to the Agreement.
Any dispute between the parties that is not subject to arbitration or cannot be heard in small claims court will be resolved in the state or federal courts of California and the United States, respectively, sitting in Santa Clara County, California.16.
Electronic CommunicationsBy accessing or using the Services, you also consent to receive electronic communications from FaceApp (e.g., responses to your requests, questions and feedback, announcements, updates, and security alerts through a push notification or by posting notices on our Services).
You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including, but not limited to, that such communications be in writing.17.
TerminationWe reserve the right, without notice and in our sole discretion, to terminate your right to access or use our Services.
We are not responsible for any loss or harm related to your inability to access or use our Services.18.
SeverabilityIf any provision or part of a provision of this Agreement is unlawful, void or unenforceable, that provision or part of the provision is deemed severable from this Agreement and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.19.
Additional Terms Applicable to iOS DevicesThe following terms apply if you install, access or use the Services on any device that contains the iOS mobile operating system (the “App”) developed by Apple Inc.
(“Apple”).

Acknowledgement.
You acknowledge that this Agreement is concluded solely between us, and not with Apple, and FaceApp, not Apple, is solely responsible for the App and the content thereof.
You further acknowledge that the usage rules for the App are subject to any additional restrictions set forth in the Usage Rules for the Apple App Store Terms of Service as of the date you download the App, and in the event of any conflict, the Usage Rules in the App Store shall govern if they are more restrictive.
You acknowledge and agree that you have had the opportunity to review the Usage Rules.
Scope of License.
The license granted to you is limited to a non-transferable license to use the App on any iPhone, iPod touch or iPad that you own or control as permitted by the Usage Rules set forth in the Apple App Store Terms of Service.
Maintenance and Support.
You and FaceApp acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the App.
Warranty.
You acknowledge that Apple is not responsible for any product warranties, whether express or implied by law, with respect to the App.
In the event of any failure of the App to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price, if any, paid to Apple for the App by you.
and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the App.
The parties acknowledge that to the extent that there are any applicable warranties, any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any such applicable warranty would be the sole responsibility of FaceApp.
However, you understand and agree that in accordance with this Agreement, FaceApp has disclaimed all warranties of any kind with respect to the App, and therefore, there are no warranties applicable to the App.
Product Claims.
You and FaceApp acknowledge that as between Apple and FaceApp, FaceApp, not Apple, is responsible for addressing any claims relating to the App or your possession and/or use of the App, including, but not limited to (a) product liability claims, (b) any claim that the App fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement, and (c) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.
Intellectual Property Rights.
The parties acknowledge that, in the event of any third party claim that the App or your possession and use of the App infringe that third party’s intellectual property rights, FaceApp, and not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required under this Agreement.
Legal Compliance.
You represent and warrant that (a) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S.
Government as a “terrorist supporting” country, and (b) you are not listed on any U.S.
Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
Developer Name and Address.
Any questions, complaints or claims with respect to the App should be directed to:FaceApp Inc1000 N West Street, Suite 1200,Wilmington, Delaware, 19801USAcontact@faceapp.com
Third-Party Terms of Agreement.
You agree to comply with any applicable third-party terms when using the Services.
Third-Party Beneficiary.
The parties acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement, and that, upon your acceptance of this Agreement, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof).
20.
ExportYou may not use, export, import, or transfer all or any portion of the Services except as authorized by U.S.
law, the laws of the jurisdiction in which you obtained the Services, and any other applicable laws.
In particular, but without limitation, the Services may not be exported or re-exported (a) into any United States embargoes countries, or (b) to anyone on the U.S.
Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S.
Department of Commerce’s Denied Person’s List or Entity List.
By using the Services, you represent and warrant that (y) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S.
Government as a “terrorist supporting” country and (z) you are not listed on any U.S.
Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
You also will not use the Services for any purpose prohibited by U.S.
law, including the development, design, manufacture or production of missiles, nuclear, chemical or biological weapons.
You acknowledge and agree that products, services or technology provided by FaceApp are subject to the export control laws and regulations of the United States.
You shall comply with these laws and regulations and shall not, without prior U.S.
government authorization, export, re-export, or transfer FaceApp products, services or technology, either directly or indirectly, to any country in violation of such laws and regulations.21.
MiscellaneousIn accordance with California Civil Code section 1789.3, you may report complaints to the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting them in writing at 400 R Street, Sacramento, CA 95814, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and FaceApp relating to your access to and use of our Services.
The failure of FaceApp to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement will not operate as a waiver of such right or provision.
The section titles in this Agreement is for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement is intended solely for the benefit of the parties and are not intended to confer third party beneficiary rights upon any other person or entity.
