

 More Resources 
 Printable Cookies Policy 
 Data Policy 
 Terms 
 Facebook Ads Settings 
 Privacy Basics 
Cookies &amp.
other storage technologies Cookies are small pieces of text used to store information on web browsers.
Cookies are used to store and receive identifiers and other information on computers, phones and other devices.
Other technologies, including data we store on your web browser or device, identifiers associated with your device, and other software, are used for similar purposes.
In this policy, we refer to all of these technologies as “cookies.” 
 We use cookies if you have a Facebook account, use the Facebook Products, including our website and apps, or visit other websites and apps that use the Facebook Products (including the Like button or other Facebook Technologies).
Cookies enable Facebook to offer the Facebook Products to you and to understand the information we receive about you, including information about your use of other websites and apps, whether or not you are registered or logged in.

 This policy explains how we use cookies and the choices you have.
Except as otherwise stated in this policy, the Data Policy will apply to our processing of the data that we collect via cookies.







Return to top Why do we use cookies? Cookies help us provide, protect and improve the Facebook Products, such as by personalising content, tailoring and measuring ads, and providing a safer experience.
The cookies that we use include session cookies, which are deleted when you close your browser, and persistent cookies, which stay on your browser until they expire or you delete them.
While the cookies that we use may change from time to time as we improve and update the Facebook Products, we use them for the following purposes: Authentication We use cookies to verify your account and determine when you’re logged in so we can make it easier for you to access the Facebook Products and show you the appropriate experience and features.

For example: We use cookies to keep you logged in as you navigate between Facebook Pages.
Cookies also help us remember your browser so you do not have to keep logging in to Facebook and so you can more easily log in to Facebook via third-party apps and websites.
For example, we use the ‘c_user’ and ‘xs’ cookies for this purpose, with a lifespan of 365 days.
Security, site and product integrity We use cookies to help us keep your account, data and the Facebook Products safe and secure.

For example: Cookies can help us identify and impose additional security measures when someone may be attempting to access a Facebook account without authorisation, for instance, by rapidly guessing different passwords.
We also use cookies to store information that allows us to recover your account in the event that you forget your password or to require additional authentication if you tell us that your account has been hacked.
This includes, for example, our ‘sb’ and ‘dbln’ cookies, which enable us to identify your browser securely. We also use cookies to combat activity that violates our policies or otherwise degrades our ability to provide the Facebook Products.

For example: Cookies help us fight spam and phishing attacks by enabling us to identify computers that are used to create large numbers of fake Facebook accounts.
We also use cookies to detect computers infected with malware and to take steps to prevent them from causing further harm.
Our ‘csrf’ cookie, for example, helps us prevent cross-site request forgery attacks.
Cookies also help us prevent underage people from registering for Facebook accounts.Advertising, recommendations, insights and measurement We use cookies to help us show ads and to make recommendations for businesses and other organisations to people who may be interested in the products, services or causes they promote.

For example: Cookies allow us to help deliver ads to people who have previously visited a business’s website, purchased its products or used its apps and to recommend products and services based on that activity.
Cookies also allow us to limit the number of times that you see an ad so you don’t see the same ad over and over again.
For example, the ‘fr’ cookie is used to deliver, measure and improve the relevancy of ads, with a lifespan of 90 days.
 We also use cookies to help measure the performance of ad campaigns for businesses that use the Facebook Products.

For example: We use cookies to count the number of times that an ad is shown and to calculate the cost of those ads.
We also use cookies to measure how often people do things such as make a purchase following an ad impression.
The ‘_fbp’ cookie identifies browsers for the purposes of providing advertising and site analytics services and has a lifespan of 90 days.
. Cookies help us serve and measure ads across different browsers and devices used by the same person.

For example: We can use cookies to prevent you from seeing the same ad over and over again across the different devices that you use. Cookies also allow us to provide insights about the people who use the Facebook Products, as well as the people who interact with the ads, websites and apps of our advertisers and the businesses that use the Facebook Products.

For example: We use cookies to help businesses understand the kinds of people who like their Facebook Page or use their apps so they can provide more relevant content and develop features that are likely to be interesting to their customers. We also use cookies, like our ‘oo’ cookie, which has a lifespan of five years, to help you opt out of seeing ads from Facebook based on your activity on third-party websites.
Learn more about the information we receive, how we decide which ads to show you on and off the Facebook Products and the controls that are available to you.
Site features and services We use cookies to enable the functionality that helps us provide the Facebook Products.

For example: Cookies help us store preferences, know when you’ve seen or interacted with Facebook Products’ content and provide you with customised content and experiences.
For instance, cookies allow us to make suggestions to you and others, and to customise content on third-party sites that integrate our social plugins.
If you are a page administrator, cookies allow you to switch between posting from your personal Facebook account and the Page.
We use cookies like the session-based ‘presence’ cookie to support your use of Messenger chat windows. We also use cookies to help provide you with content relevant to your locale.

For example: We store information in a cookie that is placed on your browser or device so that you will see the site in your preferred language.Performance We use cookies to provide you with the best experience possible.

For example: Cookies help us route traffic between servers and understand how quickly Facebook Products load for different people.
Cookies also help us record the ratio and dimensions of your screen and windows and know whether you’ve enabled high-contrast mode, so that we can render our sites and apps correctly.
For example, we set the ‘dpr’ and ‘wd’ cookies, each with a lifespan of 7 days, to deliver an optimal experience for your device’s screen.
Analytics and research We use cookies to better understand how people use the Facebook Products so that we can improve them.

For example: Cookies can help us understand how people use the Facebook service, analyse which parts of the Facebook Products people find most useful and engaging, and identify features that could be improved.Google Analytics We also set cookies from the Facebook.com domain that work with the Google Analytics service to help us understand how businesses use Facebook's developer sites.
These cookies have names such as __utma, __utmb, __utmc, __utmz, __qca and _ga.
Third-party websites and apps Our business partners may also choose to share information with Facebook from cookies set in their own websites' domains, whether or not you have a Facebook account or are logged in.
Specifically, cookies named _fbc or _fbp may be set on the domain of the Facebook business partner whose site you're visiting.
Unlike cookies that are set on Facebook's own domains, these cookies aren’t accessible by Facebook when you're on a site other than the one on which they were set, including when you are on one of our domains.
They serve the same purposes as cookies set in Facebook's own domain, which are to personalise content (including ads), measure ads, produce analytics and provide a safer experience, as set out in this Cookies Policy.



Return to topWhere do we use cookies? We may place cookies on your computer or device, and receive information stored in cookies, when you use or visit: 


The Facebook Products;
Products provided by other members of the Facebook Companies.
and
Websites and apps provided by other companies that use the Facebook Products, including companies that incorporate the Facebook Technologies into their websites and apps.
Facebook uses cookies and receives information when you visit those sites and apps, including device information and information about your activity, without any further action from you.
This occurs whether or not you have a Facebook account or are logged in.




Return to topDo other parties use cookies in connection with the Facebook Products? Yes, other parties may use cookies on the Facebook Products to provide services to us and the businesses that advertise on Facebook.

 For example, our measurement partners use cookies on the Facebook Products to help advertisers understand the effectiveness of their Facebook advertising campaigns and to compare the performance of those campaigns to ads displayed on other websites and apps.
Learn more about the companies that use cookies on the Facebook Products.

 Third parties also use cookies on their own sites and apps in connection with the Facebook Products.
To understand how other parties use cookies, please review their policies.



Return to topHow can you control Facebook’s use of cookies? We use cookies to help personalize and improve content and services, provide a safer experience and to show you useful and relevant ads on and off Facebook.
You can control how we use data to show you ads and more by using the tools described below.
If you have a Facebook account:
You can use your ad preferences to learn why you’re seeing a particular ad and control how we use information that we collect to show you ads.
To show you better ads, we use data that advertisers and other partners provide us about your activity off Facebook Company Products, including websites and apps.
You can control whether we use this data to show you ads in your ad settings.
The Facebook Audience Network is a way for advertisers to show you ads in apps and websites off the Facebook Company Products.
One of the ways Audience Network shows relevant ads is by using your ad preferences to determine which ads you may be interested in seeing.
You can control this in your ad settings.
 You can review your Off-Facebook activity, which is a summary of activity that businesses and organizations share with us about your interactions with them, such as visiting their apps or websites.
They use our Business Tools, like Facebook Pixel, to share this information with us.
This helps us do things like give you a more personalized experience on Facebook.
Learn more about off-Facebook activity, how we use it, and how you can manage it.
Everyone: You can opt out of seeing online interest-based ads from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the US, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe or through your mobile device settings, where available, using Android, iOS 13 or an earlier version of iOS.
Please note that ad blockers and tools that restrict our cookie use may interfere with these controls.
More information about online advertising: The advertising companies we work with generally use cookies and similar technologies as part of their services.
To learn more about how advertisers generally use cookies and the choices they offer, you can review the following resources: 

Digital Advertising Alliance
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
Browser cookie controls: In addition, your browser or device may offer settings that allow you to choose whether browser cookies are set and to delete them.
These controls vary by browser, and manufacturers may change both the settings they make available and how they work at any time.
As of 5 October 2020, you may find additional information about the controls offered by popular browsers at the links below.
Certain parts of the Facebook Products may not work properly if you have disabled browser cookie use.
Please be aware these controls are distinct from the controls that Facebook offers you.


Google Chrome
Internet Explorer
Firefox
Safari
Safari Mobile
Opera


 Date of Last Revision: 5 October 2020 
      