
         Lompat ke konten Lompat ke sidebar Lompat ke footer Fakhri.id - Belajar Bahasa Thai &amp.
Terjemahan 












Beranda
DAFTAR ISI
PRODUK
JASA
TENTANG FAKHRI.ID


Beranda
DAFTAR ISI
PRODUK
JASA
TENTANG FAKHRI.ID
 ✕Tutup 
Beranda
DAFTAR ISI
PRODUK
JASA
TENTANG FAKHRI.ID
 Beranda / Kebijakan Privasi (Privacy Policy) Kebijakan Privasi (Privacy Policy) Privacy Policy for Fakhri.id | Belajar Bahasa Thai 
At Fakhri.id | Belajar Bahasa Thai, accessible from https://www.fakhri.id/, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors.
This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Fakhri.id | Belajar Bahasa Thai and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
 Log Files
Fakhri.id | Belajar Bahasa Thai follows a standard procedure of using log files.
These files log visitors when they visit websites.
All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics.
The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks.
These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
 Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of Fakhri.id | Belajar Bahasa Thai.
Our Privacy Policy was created with the help of the Free Privacy Policy Generator and the Privacy Policy Generator Online.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on Fakhri.id | Belajar Bahasa Thai, which are sent directly to users' browser.
They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs.
These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that Fakhri.id | Belajar Bahasa Thai has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
 Third Party Privacy Policies
Fakhri.id | Belajar Bahasa Thai's Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites.
Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information.
It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.
You may find a complete list of these Privacy Policies and their links here: Privacy Policy Links.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options.
To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
What Are Cookies?
 Children's Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet.
We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
Fakhri.id | Belajar Bahasa Thai does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13.
If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
 Online Privacy Policy Only
This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in Fakhri.id | Belajar Bahasa Thai.
This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
 Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
 Berlangganan via Email Menu Halaman Statis 

Beranda


Daftar Isi


Tentang Fakhri.id

 Copyright © 2020 Fakhri.id.
All Rights Reserved - Powered by Blogger Deze site gebruikt cookies van Google om services te leveren en verkeer te analyseren.
Je IP-adres en user-agent worden met Google gedeeld, samen met prestatie- en beveiligingsstatistieken om servicekwaliteit te garanderen, gebruiksstatistieken te genereren, misbruik te detecteren en maatregelen te treffen.Meer informatieOK
      