
         FamilyTreeDNA Order Modifications &amp.
Refund Policy  FamilyTreeDNA is an online service.
Therefore, all results provided by FamilyTreeDNA will only be available online and accessible via a computer or mobile device with internet capabilities.
Results will not be mailed, and we will not issue refunds for tests bought under the assumption that the results will be mailed.
By placing your order, you are agreeing to the below policies as well as our Terms of Service.
 How to Submit Cancellations &amp.
Request Refunds  Cancellations and order modifications may be submitted by contacting Customer Service via our Contact Us form.
 Standard Refund Policy for New Kit Orders  You may cancel your order if 

 You notify us within 60 days of your order that you no longer wish to use FamilyTreeDNA's products and services, and 
 You have not yet returned your sample to us for processing.

 If you satisfy the aforementioned requirements and return the unopened sample kit to us within 30 days from the date that you requested the refund, you will only be eligible for a partial refund of the purchase price.
If you are eligible for a partial refund, the amount of any such refund will be the purchase price that you paid, less a $25 cancellation fee.


 We will not issue any refund if 

 More than 60 days have passed since your order was placed.

 Your sample has been returned to us for processing.

 We do not receive the unopened sample kit within 30 days after the refund is requested.



 Non-Refundable Tests  The following add-on and upgrade tests are non-refundable: individual SNPs, Autosomal Upload/Transfer Unlocks, individual Autosomal Markers, Certificates, and individual Factoids.
 Refund Policy for Upgrades &amp.
Add-On Tests  If a test is ordered as an upgrade or add on to an existing kit, we will issue a refund minus a 5% fee if your request is submitted prior to the lab processing your sample.
If your request is submitted after processing has begun, your refund request will be denied.
All requests must be made within 24 hours of placing the order.
 Modifying &amp.
Moving Tests  Once a sample has begun processing in our lab, the new or existing kit order is no longer eligible for modifications or any type of refund.
Modifications are changes to the type(s) of test(s) you have ordered.


Modifying the type of test ordered on kits. You may modify the type of test ordered on a new kit before it starts processing in the lab.
The funds for the original test will be credited towards the new test.

 You may modify the type of test ordered on an existing kit prior to any lab processing.
Any remaining balance may be applied to additional testing.
You will be responsible for any additional costs associated with the change.


Moving tests between kits. If a test is moved to a different kit, you may be subject to shipping costs and any additional costs depending on the circumstance.

 Any test ordered for a new kit that you wish to move to an existing kit will be refunded the shipping cost as long as the kit has not been shipped.
If process is complete, the new kit may be merged with the original kit provided that the tester is the same person and the request meets our merge requirements.
If it does not meet our merge requirements, no refund will be granted.
Please note that you may be subject to additional costs associated with the change.
 Sample Failures  In the rare circumstance that a sample fails initial testing, we will begin a second run if there is a sample in storage.
If we do not have an additional sample in storage, we will mail out a second collection kit, free of shipping charges, to the address on file.
Adjustments to the shipping address can be made on the Contact Information section of the Account Information page.

 If the sample fails subsequent testing, the following chart outlines our retesting policy for one (1) more testing attempt:  Type of Test Number of test failures allowed Fee for an additional attempt once failure limit is reached Family Finder 2 Failures $50 mtDNa, mtPlus and mtFull Sequence 2 Failures $50 Y-DNA 12 to 111 2 Failures $50 Big Y 3 Failures $75 Factoid Bundle 2 Failures $50 Purchases Made via Third Parties  Please contact the third party (e.g., Amazon) from whom you purchased the kit(s) for more information on their refund policies.
 Delays in Lab Processing  Testing times vary between products depending on lab volume and the quality of the biological sample.
Expected result dates are predictions and not a guarantee of delivery.
therefore, delays in lab processing do not entitle customers to a refund.
 Price Adjustment Policy  We do not allow price adjustments on price reductions for orders purchased prior to or after a sale or a promotion.
 Exchange Rate  Refunds for any international orders will be applied at the current exchange rate for U.S.
dollar at the time the refund is requested.
Therefore, due to a change in the currency rate, customers may be refunded a greater or lesser amount than the amount they paid.
FamilyTreeDNA is not responsible for changes in currency rate.
 Refund Processing  Your cancellation request must be received by end of business (5:00 p.m.
Central Time) on the appropriate day as described above.

 All refunds will be given to the original credit card on which the purchase was made.
Please allow thirty (30) days for the refund to reach you or be credited back to your account.

 Read the previous version of this document.
Last updated 10/22/2019 
