

Is FamilyAlbum safe?
What data do I have to provide in order to use FamilyAlbum?
What other personal data does FamilyAlbum collect?
Why does FamilyAlbum collect my data?
Who can see my data?
How long does FamilyAlbum keep my data?
Does FamilyAlbum use cookies?
Can I disable cookies from FamilyAlbum?
What rights do I have with respect to my data?
Does FamilyAlbum collect information from children?
Questions? Contact us!

At FamilyAlbum, we believe that all families using our service should be confident in the security of their data.
This page was created to give you a clear overview of what data we collect, how it’s used, and why.
We also encourage you to read our Privacy Policy in full here.
If you have any questions, please don’t hesitate to contact us at support@family-album.com.
You can also get in touch by tapping “Support” in the Settings tab of the FamilyAlbum app.Is FamilyAlbum safe?FamilyAlbum was created to give parents a safe and convenient way to share photos and videos of their children with family.
We are committed to providing the best possible protection for the security and privacy of our users.

Your album is completely private.
All photos/videos you upload to the app belong to you, and they can only be viewed by you and the people you invite.
There are no third-party ads in the app and we don't share your data with advertisers.
Any photos/videos you delete from the app are deleted from our servers.
Data transferred between your device and our servers is encrypted using the latest encryption technology.
Our servers are protected by a strong firewall, secure passwords, two-factor authentication, SSH key authentication, etc.
We undergo regular security inspections by outside agencies.
What data do I have to provide in order to use FamilyAlbum?To use FamilyAlbum, you’ll need to provide nicknames for yourself and your child, as well as your relation to your child.
No other personal data is required to use the app.
While not required, you may choose to provide additional information to customize your experience.
This could include your email address, payment information (including credit card details and shipping information), as well as your child’s gender and birthdate.What other personal data does FamilyAlbum collect?In addition to the information you provide to us, we may also collect data from your device.
This might include your operating system, device ID, IP address, FamilyAlbum usage log, etc.
There are also a few instances where we collect information from other platforms.
This might include ad performance data from marketing platforms and FamilyAlbum usage information from analytics platforms.
If you choose to order products or services through our app, we receive purchase information for that order from payment platforms.
We may also receive your shipping information from another person if they order you a gift through the app.Why does FamilyAlbum collect my data?We collect only the minimum amount of data necessary to provide the following:

Our services
User support
Cyberattack protection
Marketing analytics
Marketing activities
Who can see my data?There are a few instances where specific individuals may access your data.
In all of these situations, we only allow access to the minimum amount of data necessary, and we always apply strict measures to keep your data safe and your privacy protected.
We don’t sell your data to any third parties, even in the form of anonymized statistical data.

Authorized employees or affiliates to provide customer support, operate our services, investigate security issues, or improve the app.
Manufacturers and service providers to fulfill orders for products/services ordered through the app.
Our contracts clearly state that your information can only be used for the fulfillment of your order and must be deleted after.
Secure and trusted payment service providers to process payment for products/services ordered through the app.
We do not store payment information.
Secure infrastructure vendors to store our data and other service providers to analyze app usage, etc.
Law enforcement bodies to comply with legal requests.
Other people invited to your album by you or your partner will be able to access some information that you’ve provided, like your child’s nickname.
How long does FamilyAlbum keep my data?If you delete photos or videos from the app, they're automatically removed from our servers within 30 days.
In general, we retain your personal data until we receive a request from you to delete your account.
Once we receive this request, your personal data will be deleted from our servers within 30 days.
The only exception is if we are required by law to retain it for a longer period of time.Does FamilyAlbum use cookies?Short answer: Yes.
Long answer: We use a few different kinds of cookies and similar technologies to provide a more efficient and personalized service.
We use cookies to keep you logged in while using the browser version of FamilyAlbum and/or the Premium Computer Upload Site.
We also use cookies to connect people to the right album after they receive an invitation from one of the parents.
Our third-party service providers use a similar technology, tracking IDs, to associate relevant activity to a single user.Can I disable cookies from FamilyAlbum?It is possible to disable cookies and other tracking IDs on your device.
To learn more, visit the appropriate link below:

iOS app users
Android app users
Google Chrome browser users
What rights do I have with respect to my data?You have the right to access, correct, or discontinue our usage of your personal data at any time.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint against us with a data protection authority.
We will comply with your request in full accordance with applicable laws and regulations.Does FamilyAlbum collect information from children?Our app is not meant to be used by anyone under the age of 13 who register themselves without parental consent.
In the event that we learn that we’ve collected personal information from a child under 13 without parental consent, we’ll delete that information immediately.
If you believe that we might have obtained any information from a child without parental consent, please contact us.Questions? Contact us!If you have any questions, please don’t hesitate to contact us at support@family-album.com.
You can also get in touch by tapping “Support” in the Settings tab of the FamilyAlbum app.
