
         Cookie Policy This cookie policy explains what cookies are, the different types of cookies, how we use them, and how to manage your cookies.
In Section 3 of our Privacy Statement, we state that we use cookies.
By continuing to use our site and our services, you are agreeing to the use of cookies and similar technologies for the purposes described in this policy.

 1.
What are cookies? Cookies are text files that are encrypted and added to a user’s browser directory on their browsing device (e.g., desktop computer, mobile phone, tablet, laptop).
These cookies aid users when navigating websites and boost usability.
For example, at FamilyTreeDNA, we use cookies to personalize each user’s experience, to keep a user signed in while they are using the site, and to autofill certain information users have previously provided.
Please visit the Federal Trade Commission or the European Commission for more detailed information on browser cookies.

 2.
What are the different types of cookies and why do we use them? We use different types of cookies to assist us in providing our users with the best experience possible.
Session cookies are only stored on your device during a single visit (called a browser session) to the site.
Session cookies do not do anything unless you are actively browsing, and are deleted the moment you close your browser.
Persistent cookies remain on your device until they are set to expire or you choose to delete them from your browser cache.
Persistent cookies are activated each time you visit the website that created them.
We use both session cookies and persistent cookies to enhance the security of your Personal Information and to enhance the functionality of certain features and improve the performance of our Services.
First-party cookies are cookies that are set by and belong to FamilyTreeDNA.
Third-party cookies are cookies that another party places on your browsing device via our websites.
Third-party cookies provide a service or function to FamilyTreeDNA, but we cannot control how those third-party cookies are used.
We also utilize advertising cookies, beacons, pixels and/or tags to aid us in marketing our services and products to interested individuals.
We may show you an advertisement when you leave our site because we think you might be interested in FamilyTreeDNA.
Cookies also help affirm that the marketing you see online is relevant to you and your interests.

 3.
How long will cookies stay on the device? In terms of duration, there are two types of cookies: persistent and session based.

Persistent Cookies: Persistent cookies stay on the user’s browsing device until the user clears them or until they reach their expiration.
Persistent cookies are those that retain information on the user's specific preferences so that we can provide a “personalized” user experience.

Session Cookies: Session cookies expire and are deleted once the user’s browsing session is complete.
These cookies allow users to navigate to pages within FamilyTreeDNA.com without signing in to each page.

 4.
What types of cookies does FamilyTreeDNA use? The following table lists examples of cookies used by FamilyTreeDNA.
Categories of Cookies / Purpose
Description Strictly Necessary / Authentication These cookies help us show you the right information when you sign in.
They also allow you to navigate between pages on the site without having to sign in over and over again.
Strictly Necessary / Security These cookies help us prevent, detect, and reduce malicious and fraudulent activities on our services.
They also support and enable other security features Strictly Necessary / Performance These cookies are important to make our Services work, enabling you to move around the FamilyTreeDNA site and use our features.
Without these cookies, services that are needed for you to be able to use the site, such as remembering items in your shopping basket, cannot be provided.
Functional / Analytics and Research These cookies collect information about how people are using our Services.
For example, they allow us to know which pages are visited the most and how people are progressing from one link to another and if they receive error messages on specific pages.
Overall, they provide us with analytical information about how our Services are performing and operating and how we can improve them.
Functional / Preferences and Settings These cookies store your preferences so you do not have to reset them every time you visit our Services.
These cookies give us the ability to recall the choices you make so that we may tailor the site to give you enhanced features and content.
For example, these cookies can be used to remember your user name, country selection, or language choice.
they can also be used to remember adjustments you have made to other parts of pages that you can customize.
Functional / Social Media Plugins To make the sharing of content simpler, some of the pages on our Services contain applications or tools that are linked to third-party social media service providers such as Twitter and Facebook.
Through these applications or tools, the social media service provider may set its own cookies on your device.
It is important to note that we do not control these cookies.
Please check the social media service provider’s website for further details about how they use cookies.
Advertising / Advertising These cookies collect information about browsing habits and are used to administer targeted advertisements that are more relevant to you and your interests.
They are also used to help measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign as well as help restrict the number of times you see an advertisement.
Advertising / Marketing These cookies are used to measure how you interact with our marketing communications to learn, among other things, how impactful a marketing campaign is.
An example of this would be us measuring whether or not certain marketing communications resulted in a purchase.

 5.
How to manage cookies? 
Manage cookies via our cookie management tool
 If you are located in specific countries where our cookie management tool is accessible, such as the European Union, UK, and EEA, you can access the tool by clicking the "Cookie Settings" link in the footer.
This tool gives you the ability to choose to share Functional and Advertising cookie information with us.
You can select to only share Strictly Necessary cookie information with us, but you may encounter some loss of function throughout our Service.
An example would be, you may not be able to share information on our Service through social media platforms.


Manage cookies via your browser settings
 Our Cookies (First-Party Cookies): Through the browser used to view the website, users can enable, disable, or delete cookies.
This can be done by following the instructions provided by the specific browser (usually located within the “Help,” “Tools,” or “Edit” settings).
Please note that if the browser is set to disable cookies, secure areas of a website may not be accessible, and other areas may not work properly.

Please visit the Federal Trade Commission or the European Commission for more detailed information on browser cookies.
You can also find more information about how to change your browser cookie settings at www.allaboutcookies.org.
Third-Party Cookies: Cookies that are placed on a browsing device by a third party can be managed through the specific browser (as described above) or by checking the third party’s website for further information about cookie management and how to “opt out” of receiving cookies from them.

How to opt out of interest-based advertising
 FamilyTreeDNA uses cookies to distribute content and advertisements specific to your interests on our websites and elsewhere on the Internet.
FamilyTreeDNA uses some third parties to show you FamilyTreeDNA-related advertisements that are personalized to you based upon your online behaviors or interests.

 To view further information about cookies and targeted advertisements or to opt out of having this information used by companies that are part of the Network Advertising Initiative, please visit www.networkadvertising.org/choices.


How to opt out of analytics
 FamilyTreeDNA uses cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies from third-party analytics providers to collect information about the effectiveness of its marketing campaigns and other operations.
Some of these providers allow you to opt out of their processing directly, as further described on their websites below: 

Bing: https://choice.microsoft.com/
Clicktale: http://www.clicktale.net/disable.html
Google Analytics: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout (requires you to install a browser add-on)


 6.
Do Not Track Disclosure FamilyTreeDNA notes that although we do our best to honor your privacy preferences and have put into action industry standard safeguards as explained above, at this time, we do not respond to Do Not Track signals from your browser due to the lack of an established industry standard.
FamilyTreeDNA uses advertising technology to show you advertising relevant to your FamilyTreeDNA experience.
Also, when FamilyTreeDNA uses other companies’ services, software tools, and data to target advertising to you, these companies may collect information (such as a mobile identifier or unique cookie) about your online activities over time and across other websites or services on our behalf.


 Any questions concerning our Cookie Policy can be directed to ombudsman@genebygene.com.

 Read the previous version of this document.
Last updated 06/11/2019

