
         Download Translations 
en Español
en Français
auf Deutsch
 Last updated: October 1, 2020 Fandango Media, LLC and its subsidiary companies, including the businesses operating under the Fandango, FandangoNOW, Vudu, Rotten Tomatoes, Flixster, Movieclips, Movies.com, Activaterewards.com, MovieTickets.com, or M-GO brands (“Fandango”, “we”, “our” or “us”) and those of our websites, applications, emails and other communications that link to or reference this policy (the “Services”), along with advertisers, advertising companies, consumer data companies and service providers, use a variety of technologies to learn more about how people use the Services.
You can find out more about these technologies and how to control them in the information below.
This Cookies Notice forms part of the Privacy Policy, and if some of the terms used in here aren’t defined here, you may find definitions for them in the Privacy Policy.

NOTICE OF ARBITRATION PROVISIONS: Your use of the Services is subject to binding individual arbitration of any disputes which may arise, as provided in the Terms and Policies.
Please read the arbitration provisions carefully and do not purchase tickets from Fandango or otherwise use our Services if you are unwilling to arbitrate any disputes you may have with us as provided below.
 Table of Contents 
WHAT ARE COOKIES AND HOW ARE THEY USED?
COOKIE MANAGEMENT
CONTACT US
CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE
 1.
WHAT ARE COOKIES AND HOW ARE THEY USED? Like many companies, we use cookies (small text files placed on your computer or device) and other tracking technologies on the Services (referred to together from this point forward as “Cookies”, unless otherwise stated) including HTTP cookies, HTML5 and Flash local storage/ flash cookies, web beacons/GIFs, embedded scripts, ETags/cache browsers, and software development kits.
 First party Cookies First party Cookies are placed by us (including through the use of third party service providers) and are used to allow you to use the Services and their features and to assist in analytics activities. Third party Cookies Certain third parties may place their Cookies on your device and use them to recognize your device when you visit the Services and when you visit other websites or services.
These third parties collect and use this information pursuant to their own privacy policies.
Third party Cookies enable certain features or functionalities and advertising to be provided on the Services.

The Services use the following types of first and third party Cookies for these purposes:


Strictly Necessary Cookies: These Cookies are required for Service functionality, such as system administration and performance, to assist with fraud deterrence and security, and to enable purchasing capabilities.
Because these Cookies are necessary, if you refuse them it will impact the functionality of the Services.

Information Storage and Access: These Cookies allow us and our analytic and advertising providers and associates to store and access information on the device, such as device identifiers.

Measurement and Analytics:  These Cookies collect data regarding your usage of our Services and other services, apply market research to generate audiences, and measure the delivery and effectiveness of content and advertising.
We and third parties with whom we work use these Cookies to perform analytics, to improve content and user experience, to develop new products and services, and for statistical purposes.
They are also used to recognize you and provide further insights across platforms and devices for the above purposes.


Personalization Cookies: These Cookies enable the Services to provide certain features such as determining if you are a first time visitor, remembering choices you have made (such as theaters or places in which you have previously expressed an interest), and assisting you with logging in following registration, including across platforms and devices and placing orders online.
Data collected can also be used to select and deliver personalized content to you.
These Cookies also allow your device to receive and send information, so you can see and interact with ads and content.


Content Selection and Delivery Cookies: Data collected under this category can also be used to select and deliver personalized content, such as news articles and videos.

Ad Selection and Delivery Cookies: These Cookies are used to collect data about your browsing habits, your use of the Services and other services, your preferences, and your interaction with advertisements across platforms and devices in order to deliver content, including advertisements relevant to your interests.
Third party sites and services also use these Cookies to deliver content, including advertisements relevant to your interests on the Services and third party services.
If you reject these Cookies, you may see contextual advertising that may be less relevant to you.



Social Media Cookies: These Cookies are set by social media services on the Services to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
These Cookies can track your online activity across the Services and other services and may impact the content and messages you see on other services you visit.

We and third parties may associate Measurement and Analytics Cookies, Personalization Cookies, Content Selection and Delivery Cookies, Ad Selection and Delivery Cookies, and Social Media Cookies with other information we have about you. 2.
COOKIE MANAGEMENT Depending on where you live, you may be able to adjust your Cookie preferences at any time via the "Cookie Settings" link in the footer of relevant websites.
You can also use the following methods to manage Cookies.
In order to do so, you must take such steps on each browser or device that you use.
If you replace, change or upgrade your browser or device, or if you delete your Cookies, you may need to use these opt-out tools again.
As some Cookie-management solutions also rely on Cookies, please adjust your browser Cookie settings carefully, following the relevant instructions below. Browser Controls:  You may be able to disable and manage some Cookies through your browser settings.
If you use multiple browsers on your device, you will need to manage your settings for each.
Please click on any of the below browser links for instructions:

 • Google Chrome 
 • Mozilla Firefox 
 • Apple Safari 
 • Microsoft Internet Explorer 

If the browser you use is not listed above, please refer to your browser’s help menu for information on how to manage Cookies.
Please be aware that disabling cookies will not disable other analytics tools we may use to collect information about you or your use of our Services.
 Analytics Provider Opt-Outs: To disable analytics Cookies you may use the browser controls discussed above, or for some of our providers, you may use their individual opt-out mechanisms: 


• Google’s Privacy Policy
• Google Analytics Opt-Out


• Omniture’s Privacy Policy
• Omniture’s Opt-Out


The above are examples of analytics providers and this is not an exhaustive list.
We are not responsible for the effectiveness of any provider’s opt out mechanisms.
 Flash Local Storage:  These Cookies are also known as local shared objects and may be used to store your preferences or display content by us, advertisers and other third-parties.
Flash Cookies need to be deleted in the storage section of your Flash Player Settings Manager. Interest-Based Advertising:  Most third party advertisers offer a way to opt-out of their interest-based advertising.
For more information or to opt-out of receiving interest-based advertising from participating third party advertisers, depending on your country of residence, please visit:


• Digital Advertising Alliance in the US
• European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance


• Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
• Australian Digital Advertising Alliance


You can also opt out of some of the advertising providers we use by visiting their opt-out pages:


• Google’s Privacy Policy
• Google’s Opt-Out page


• Facebook Privacy Policy
• Facebook’s Opt-Out Page


• Twitter Privacy Policy
• Twitter’s Opt-Out Page


• Snapchat Privacy Policy
• Snapchat’s Opt-Out Page


• Chartbeat Privacy Policy
• Chartbeat’s Opt-Out Page


• Liveramp's Privacy Policy
• Liveramp's Opt-Out Page


These are examples of our advertising providers and this is not an exhaustive list.
In addition, we are not responsible for the effectiveness of any advertising provider’s opt out mechanisms.

After you opt-out, you will still see advertisements, but they may not be as relevant to you. Mobile Settings: You may manage the collection of information for interest-based advertising purposes in mobile apps via the device’s settings, including managing the collection of location data.
To opt out of mobile ad tracking from Nielsen or other third parties, you can do so by selecting the "Limit Ad Tracking" (for iOS devices) or "Opt out of Ads Personalization" (for Android devices) options in your device settings.

Connected Devices: For connected devices, such as smart TVs or streaming devices, you should review the device’s settings and select the option that allows you to disable automatic content recognition or ad tracking.
Typically, to opt out, such devices require you to select options like "limit ad tracking" or to disable options such as "interest-based advertising," "interactive TV," or "smart interactivity".
These settings vary by device type.

Cross-Device Tracking: If you would like to opt-out of our browser-based cross-device tracking for advertising purposes, you may do so by using the various methods described above.
You must opt out separately on each device and each browser that you use.
For more information about cross-device matching please visit: the Network Advertising Initiative, or the Digital Advertising Alliance.
If you opt out of cross-device tracking for advertising purposes, we may still conduct cross-device tracking for other purposes, such as analytics.
 Consequences of Deactivation of all Cookies: If you disable or remove Cookies, some parts of the Services may not function properly.
Information may still be collected and used for other purposes, such as research, online services analytics or internal operations, and to remember your opt-out preferences. 3.
CONTACT US For inquiries in relation to this Cookies Notice please contact us at privacy@fandango.com or Fandango, ATTN: Legal Department, 407 N.
Maple Drive, Suite 300, Beverly Hills, CA 90210. 4.
CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE This Notice may be revised occasionally and in accordance with legal requirements.
Please revisit this Cookie Notice regularly to stay informed about our and our analytic and advertising providers and associates' use of Cookies.
