
         Fastquicksearch.com fastquicksearch.com Ask Media Group Privacy Policy 
Last Updated On: October 28 2021


Introduction and Scope
Information We Collect, How We Use It, and How and Why We Share It
More Details On Information Collected, Purpose of and Basis for Collection
Additional information about Sharing with Third Parties
Your Opt Out Rights and Choices

For California users: Opt out of sharing for Interest Based Advertising (“Do Not Sell”)

Your Access, Revision &amp.
Deletion Rights

Right to know/right of access
Right to delete

Data Hosted in the United States
Complaints and Disputes about Privacy
Data Retention and Security
Updates to this Privacy Policy and Contact Information
 1) INTRODUCTION AND SCOPE

AMG Sites. Ask Media Group LLC, (“AMG”) operates a number of search and everyday useful content sites as well as the Ask mobile applications (click here for more info about AMG).
We understand that your privacy is important to you, and we are committed to being transparent about the information we collect and process when you use our websites.
This Privacy Policy describes our practices concerning the personal information collected, processed and stored by AMG when you visit and use websites operated by AMG (“Sites”).


California Based Business. AMG operates the Sites from California in the United States of America and, regardless of your place of residence or access location, your use of the Sites is governed by the laws of the State of California.
Users who access or use the Sites from other locations consent to the transfer and processing of their data in the United States of America and any other jurisdiction throughout the world.
For more information, see the Data Hosted in the United States section below.
This Privacy Policy is provided in English.
Translations to certain other languages may be available and can be requested by contacting us here.


User Consent and Age Requirement. By using the Sites, you consent to our collection and use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information about our use of cookies and how you can change your cookie settings can be found here.
Our Sites are intended for general audiences over the age of 16 years old.
We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 16 years old.
We may promote certain content to a younger audience for certain sites in the United States.
IF YOU ARE NOT AT LEAST 13 YEARS OLD IN THE UNITED STATES OR 16 YEARS OLD IN OTHER COUNTRIES, DO NOT USE THE SERVICES.
 2) Information We Collect, How We Use It, and How and Why We Share It&nbsp.
This section will serve as the notice at collection as provided in Section 1798.100(b) of the California Consumer Privacy Act.

Access to web search results or other general content on our Sites or installation of a browser extension does not require you to create an account.
However, certain of our websites allow you to sign up to receive our newsletters or other regular content, and we ask you to provide us your email address for that purpose.

The chart below describes what data we collect that qualifies as “Personal Information” in California or “Personal Data” in the European Economic Area, how we collect or access it, how we use it, with which third parties we share it, and the purpose for sharing.
In addition, we may collect, use and disclose your personal information as required or permitted by applicable law, as directed by you, or in accordance with this Privacy Policy (See Section 3 below for more details).
 We may permit our service providers to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our agreements with them.
Such service providers may also engage vendors to help them process user data, so they can provide their services to us.
Some third parties who collect data about you through their tags or pixels implemented to our web pages may also use your data for their own purposes, and in such case we provide you with the ability to consent, in countries where such consent is required, or the ability to opt out.
See Your Opt Out Rights and Choices for more details.

Categories of Personal Information
How we collect it
How we use it
Who we share it with
Purpose for sharing
Your IP address We automatically collect the IP address you use each time you visit our Sites.
We get this information from your browser when it interacts with our servers.
We log these IP addresses in our user visit logs.
This is to determine what country or state or province you are in to show you relevant search results, content, and ads.
This is also to analyse fraudulent traffic patterns.
We also analyse which regions of the world our users come from so we can develop search and content offerings for these regions.
We share IP address, and your Site activities tied to your Browser ID or Unique ID Code (including use of our mobile app) with vendors who help us operate our Sites by providing the following services to us: 
Site hosting and database warehousing
Content delivery from our servers to your device
Advertising inventory management and operations
Data connectivity/identity service providers
Service features and functionalities such as video players, browser notifications, social media sharing, subscribing to email newsletters or posting comments
Business and technical performance analytics
Security
 Your data may also incidentally be shared with vendors for IT support, data backup and recovery service, and office software.
 We also share this data with our parent company IAC for security purposes.
IAC analyses all traffic patterns from all IAC group companies for site security and fraud prevention.
These vendors process our user's personal information to: 
Provide their services to us and determining what amounts are owed to them based on traffic volumes or other metrics, including audience segmentation for our own marketing and promotion
Logging page impressions and user actions for their business analytics
Detecting and addressing fraudulent behavior or illegal activity on their service
Monitoring the proper functioning of their services, quality assurance, finding errors and fixing them
Internal research
Improving on their products and services

A unique ID assigned to your browser
We attribute a unique ID to your browser for each of the Sites that you visit (Browser ID).
We store this information in a cookie set on your browser.
See our Cookie Policy for more information on cookies.

 Every time you visit the same Site with the same browser, we recognize you as the same visitor through your Browser ID.
If you use a different device or a different browser, or if you visit a different Site with the same browser, you will be identified as a different user with a different Browser ID.

This is only so we can count unique users and repeat users for each of our Sites.
We can determine which of our Sites receive more repeat visits and which type of content causes users to come back to the Sites.

A unique ID code assigned to you based on your email address or your IP address We work with third party data connectivity vendors to assign to you an ID code unique to you based on your email address if you provide it to us, or based on your IP address.
These codes are stored in our systems.
We also store these codes in cookies set on the browser of the devices that you use to access our Sites.
We use these codes to identify you as a unique user and assign you to an “interest segment” for marketing or advertising in order to target ads to you based on the newsletters you subscribed to, searches you made, content you viewed, or pages and ads that you clicked on.
Additional Information when you install one of our applications
If you install a browser extension, an installation ID will be created and tied to your Browser ID.

If you install our mobile application, we will receive the unique identifier (“ID”) that is tied to your app store account ID (such as Google Play or iTunes/AppStore or Amazon Appstore).

This enables us to understand how many users are visiting our Sites via browser extensions of our mobile application.

It also enables us to understand where you were coming from before installing our apps in order to compensate our marketing partners for traffic they refer to our application install pages.

Your activities on our Sites and in our apps
All of your actions on each of our Sites with the same browser (your visits, search queries, search results you click on, URL of the webpage you were last visiting before clicking to our Site, pages viewed, any installation of a browser extension or mobile app, comments posted-where applicable, duration of visit) are tied to the Browser ID of that browser for that Site.
Your browser has a different Browser ID for each of our Sites.
However, if you sign up to receive emails from us from different Sites, we may link your activities on these different Sites via your email address.

If you use our mobile apps, some of your activities (installs, uninstalls, bookmarks, adding to device home screen, use of new tabs) may be tied to your unique app ID, which may include a Google Advertising ID, Amazon Advertising ID or Apple IDFA, respectively.

This is to count search queries, clicks, page views, repeat visits, time on site and in apps, and other metrics so we can determine which search queries are trending, which content, web page layouts or user interface are the most popular or generates the most revenues and which app features are the most used.

This is also to determine payments owed to content and advertising partners, as well as marketing agencies.

Other technical information As you interact with the Sites, we may collect additional technical information via automated means: 
Information about your computer or mobile device such as type of device, mobile device ID number, screen resolution, web browser information and operating system or platform 
Your browser preferences and settings (time zone, language, etc.)
 This information is also tied to your Browser ID.
This is to present to you search results and content in your preferred language and present our Site pages in a format that best fits your device screen and format.
Email address you may submit Some of our Sites may allow you to subscribe to daily, weekly or monthly email communications from us, such as Newsletters.
If you decide to subscribe, you provide your email address to us.
If you do, your email address may be tied to your Browser ID and Unique ID Codes and therefore may be linked to your other activities on our Sites.
We use your email address to send you our own newsletters or other email communications which may include information from the Site where you subscribed and from our other Sites.
For information on your email preference options, see Unsubscribe and deletion of email information in Section 6 below.
We share your email address with our email service provider MailChimp.
We also share your email in hashed form with data connectivity service providers such as LiveRamp and LiveIntent.

 MailChimp sends emails to you on our behalf and manages our email database, including unsubscribe requests.
When you interact with an email message that you receive from us, MailChimp may also place cookies on your browser in order to collect information about your device and whether you opened, read, deleted the email, or took any action promoted by the email.
They may use this information to target advertisements placed in our newsletters.
For more information about how MailChimp processes your information, please consult their privacy policy.

 Data connectivity service providers such as LiveRamp and LiveIntent use your email address to authenticate you and recognize you when you visit our SItes and other websites, which enables us to target ads to you for our promotion purposes, and to display personalized ads to you on our Sites and in our newsletters.
See Section 5 below for options to opt out of such targeting.


Contact information you may submit via our HelpDesk When you fill out a form to contact us via our HelpDesk, we retain your email and any other information you provide.* We do not combine this information with any of your activity data and keep it in a separate database.
This is used only to respond to your HelpDesk request.
We do not use your contact information for any other purpose.
There is no need to provide to us (and we strongly discourage you from) providing any personally identifiable or sensitive information about you or anyone else such as your exact location, physical address, telephone number, health, race, religious beliefs, or sexual orientation. Our HelpDesk platform is powered by Zendesk.
Your information is hosted by Zendesk.
Zendesk processes your information only to provide their services to us.
Professional or employment information and education records You may submit professional and education information about you when you submit a job application to us.
We do not combine this information with any of your activity data and keep it in a separate database.
This is used only to respond to your job application and to retain your information to contact you in case a future job opening corresponds to your qualifications.
Our job application platform is powered by Greenhouse.
Your information is hosted by Greenhouse.
Greenhouse processes your information only to provide their services to us.
The chart below describes what data may be automatically collected by third parties when you visit our Sites via code that we implement to our Sites to allow them to access your browser.
In certain cases these third parties are co-controllers of personal data with us.
We only permit such third parties to collect and process your personal data in accordance with our agreements with them.

Categories of Personal Information
How third parties collect it
Which Partners collects it
How they use it
IP address and cookie data collected by social media platforms Social media features that we implement in the Sites (like the Facebook “Like” or “Share” button) may allow the social media providers to collect your IP address and the URL of the page of the Site you are on when you use the feature.
The sharing features may also set a social media service cookie to your browser.
Social Media Platforms Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the social sharing platform that you agreed to upon creating your account with them.
IP address collected by service providers and service provider cookies
We implement on our Sites certain code provided by our advertising partners that enable them to: 

Collect the IP address that you use when you visit our Sites
place or recognize a cookie on your browser or other tracking device (for example, tied to your mobile device ID).




This happens when we implement software code on our Site pages that allows our partners to interact with your browser, such as a pixel or beacon.

Content partners who provide content or search targeted or contextually targeted ads on our Sites.
 YouTube for video results.
If you watch a video sourced from YouTube embedded in our search results page, your use of the YouTube service is subject to the YouTube Terms of Service and the Google Privacy Policy.

Analytics service providers such as Google Analytics.
Agencies who place ads on third party sites to promote our Sites.
Publisher networks (such as Facebook or Google) on which we or our agencies place advertisements to promote our Sites
 This is so they can: 
Provide their services to us
Determine payments owed to them
Analyze fraudulent traffic patterns
Detecting and fixing errors in their service
Internal research and improving their service, including to increase their revenues

Site and app usage data collected via cookies and other tracking devices
Certain partners and service providers use cookies or tracking devices that enable them to: 

recognize your browser or mobile device when you visit our Sites and other sites
collect information about your internet usage across multiple websites, including your visits to and actions on our Sites
 Assign to you a unique ID Code to recognize you when you visit our Sites and third party sites (cross site tracking) This happens when we implement software code on our Site pages that allows our partners to interact with your browser, such as a pixel or beacon, or when you provide us with your email address that we share (in hashed form) with these partners.





Such information collection and use by third parties via cookies and tracking devices only occurs with your consent where required (such as in the European Economic Area).
It may qualify as a “sale” of personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act. For more information and how to opt out of any such “sale”, see Opt out of sharing for Interest Based Advertising in Section 5 below.

 Advertisers and digital advertising technology intermediaries who place interest based advertisements on our Sites.

 Service providers (data connectivity/identity services) who connect data we collect about you with data that other publishers have collected about you, to enable cross site tracking.

 They use tracking devices to place ads on our Sites targeted to you based on your past actions on our Site or on other sites (interest based targeting).
They may also use such tracking devices to target ads to you while you are visiting third party sites or using third party mobile apps.
Cookies, Unique ID Codes and other trackers from ad networks where we promote our Sites and services Third parties who provide us with advertising services to promote our Sites and search services may also place cookies, ad tags, beacons and other tracking mechanisms on our advertisement landing pages that enable the collection of data about your visits to and actions on our Sites after you clicked on our advertisements.

Such information collection and use by third parties via cookies and tracking devices only occurs with your consent where required (such as in the European Economic Area).
It may qualify as a “sale” of personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act. For more information and how to opt out of any such “sale”, see Opt out of sharing for Interest Based Advertising in Section 5 below.
 Publisher networks where we distribute and display our advertisements to promote our Sites and search services (such as facebook and Google), and service providers who help us optimize our advertising campaigns (such as retargeting companies).
These third parties collect information about you in order to provide their ad campaign optimization services to us, and may also use such information to develop their own ad targeting algorithms and help other advertisers with optimizing their own campaigns by targeting ads to you based on your activities on our Sites.
 They may also combine information about your activities on our Sites with information about you from other sources not affiliated with us.
 3) More Details On Information Collected, Purpose of and Basis for Collection 
Technical information. As you interact with the Sites, we may collect additional technical information via automated means: 

Information about your computer or mobile device such as type of device, mobile device ID number, screen resolution, web browser information and operating system or platform 
Your browser preferences and settings (time zone, language, etc.)
Internet provider or mobile service provider name



This information is also tied to your Browser ID.

Aggregated user information. We routinely aggregate the personal information of all of our users into user usage statistics for our Sites.
With this aggregation, your personal data is mixed with other user data and becomes de-identified.
We are not able to identify or re-identify you or any particular user.
We do not treat de-identified data or aggregate consumer information as personal information and we reserve the right to convert, or permit others to convert, your personal information into deidentified data or aggregate consumer information.
Sharing de-identified aggregate data with third parties does not constitute a sale or transfer of personal information.

Legal basis for collection. We collect and use your personal information on the grounds of the legal basis described below: 

Provide our services: we process your personal information to provide our web search and content services.
This is so we can comply with our contractual obligations to you.

Improving our services: we analyze information about how you use our Sites to provide an improved experience for our users, including product testing and site analytics.
It is in our legitimate business interests to use the information provided to us for this purpose, so we can understand any issues with our Sites and improve them.
Compensating our partners: we process your personal information for purposes of calculating compensation to be paid to our third party product/service providers and distributors and to analyze usage across products, services and distribution partner/channel.
It is in our legitimate interest to appropriately determine amounts to be paid to our partners and inform our product roadmap and distribution strategy.
Communicating with you: we may use your personal information when we communicate with you, for example if we are providing information about changes to the terms and conditions or if you contact us with questions.
It is in our legitimate interests that we are able to provide you with appropriate responses and provide you with notices about our Sites and services.
Marketing: we may use your personal information to deliver relevant advertisements to you to promote our Sites, and measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.
It is in our legitimate interest to analyze the interests of our users to craft more relevant advertising messages and inform our marketing strategy.
We may use automated decision-making to deliver tailored advertisements based on your personal information.
In most cases, we and our marketing network partners use cookies, unique ID codes and other types of trackers to carry out this activity.
Exercising our rights: we may use your personal information to exercise our legal rights where it is necessary to do so.
for example, to detect, prevent and respond to fraud claims, intellectual property infringement claims or violations of law or our Terms of Service.
Complying with our obligations: we may process your personal information to, for example, carry out fraud prevention checks or comply with other legal or regulatory requirements, where this is explicitly required by law, such as responding to your request for data access or deletion.
Customizing your experience, including ads: when you use the Sites, we may use information about your use of the Sites (queries you submitted, content you viewed) to customize your experience, such as by providing personalized elements and showing you content based on your recent interests.
We may use automated decision-making for these activities.
Upon your affirmative consent or request, we may use your browser information to send you notifications about content on our site via your browser.
As required by applicable data protection and privacy laws, we will obtain your consent for these activities or enable you to opt out of these activities.




Third party links.
The Sites include many links to third-party websites, services, widgets, ads, and other services.
Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you.
We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy practices.


Notice of Financial Incentive.
This Notice of Financial Incentive applies to sweepstakes and other giveaways offered by AMG.

Program Detail.
By signing up for one of our newsletters, you may be eligible, where indicated, to participate in a drawing for a cash prize or other valuable prize.
The full terms and conditions of the sweepstakes will be set forth where the opportunity to enter the sweepstakes is offered.
We collect identifiers, such as email addresses, which you provide when you enter the sweepstakes.
Value of Consumer Data.
We treat the value of Consumer data collected through the program as the equivalent of relevant expenses related to the collection and retention of Consumers’ PI as part of the program.
The financial incentive we offer to consumers through the program reasonably relate to the value of the consumer’s data.
Withdrawal from the Program.
You have the right to withdraw from the program at any time.
You may do so by unsubscribing from the newsletter in the manner indicated in the newsletter.

4) Additional information about Sharing with Third Parties
In addition to the sharing described in the chart above, we share your information with third parties for the purposes described below: 

Fraud prevention: we may disclose your information to third parties when we believe disclosure is necessary to investigate, prevent, or respond to suspected illegal or fraudulent activity or to protect the safety, rights, or property of us, our users, or others.
Law enforcement purposes and public safety: if requested or required by government authorities, such as law enforcement authorities, courts, or regulators, or otherwise to comply with the law, we may disclose any information we have about our users.
We may disclose information collected about you in order to exercise or protect legal rights or defend against legal claims.
We also may be required to disclose an individual’s personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
 Other IAC businesses: We are part of the IAC family of businesses (go to www.iac.com for a listing of these businesses).
We may share information we collect, including personal information, with the IAC companies.
Sharing information with our IAC companies enables us to provide you with information about a variety of products and services that might interest you.

Sale or merger of our business: we may transfer your information to a third party if we or any of our affiliates are involved in a corporate restructuring (e.g., a sale, merger, or other transfer of assets).



 5) Your Opt Out Rights and Choices
You have rights and choices regarding our collection and use of your personal information, as well as the collection and use of some of our third party partners.
A few of those choices are set forth below and others are described in our Cookie Policy.

Removing our cookie. If you remove our Browser ID cookie from your browser cache, we will no longer recognize your browser and activities until a new cookie is placed.
Any future site activities you perform after you delete this cookie will not be tied to your previous activities which were associated with the removed cookie.

Removing Interest based advertising cookies. You can opt-out of third-party interest-based, advertising-related cookies, pixel tags and web beacons, to prevent our advertising partners to deliver targeted interest based ads to you.
You can choose to opt-out through these (and other) resources: 

Network Advertising Initiative (http://www.networkadvertising.org/)
Digital Advertising Alliance (http://www.aboutads.info/consumers)
Your Online Choices (http://www.youronlinechoices.com/)
 You will continue to see advertisements on our Sites, but they will not be tailored to you based on any past behavior on our Sites or other websites.
You may, however, still receive customized content and/or ads based on the search queries you submitted or the content of the pages you are visiting.



Removing LiveRamp ID Codes. When you use our Sites or subscribe to one of our newsletters, we share information that we collect from you, such as your email (in hashed form), IP address or information about your browser or operating system, with our data connectivity service providers such as LiveRamp.
These service providers enable us to implement cross-channel advertising and may share your information with third party advertising companies to enable cross-site and cross device interest-based targeted advertising.
To opt out of this use by LiveRamp, please click here.


Removing Interest-based advertising from Mobile Tracking Devices. You may opt out of tracking and receiving tailored advertisements on your mobile device by some mobile advertising companies and other similar entities by downloading the App Choices app at https://youradchoices.com/appchoices


Other Privacy Tools. In addition, third party tools enable you to search for and opt-out of some of these devices, such as the Ghostery browser plug-in available at https://www.ghostery.com/.


Do Not Track. Do Not Track (DNT) is an optional browser setting that allows you to express your preferences regarding tracking by advertisers and other third-parties.
However, we do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated DNT signals, as the Internet industry is currently still working toward defining exactly what DNT means, what it means to comply with DNT, and a common approach to responding to DNT.



For California users: Opt out of sharing for Interest Based Advertising (“Do Not Sell”). There is no industry consensus on whether enabling third parties to collect personal data via cookies for interest based targeting is a “sale” under California Consumer Privacy Act.
We however want to give you choices regarding third parties using cookies or tracking devices to collect information about your internet usage while you visit our Sites (see the second chart in Section 2 above for more details on these practices).


Some browsers have signals that may be characterized as Do Not Sell signals, but we do not understand them to operate in that manner or to indicate a do not sell expression by you, so we currently do not recognize these as a do not sell request.
We understand that various parties are developing do not sell signals and we may recognize certain such signals if we conclude such a program is appropriate.
If you do not wish for our advertising partners and certain data connectivity service providers to collect your personal information for interest based advertising purposes, click the button below to “Opt Out”.
As an alternative way to exercise your Opt Out right, you may contact us via our HelpDesk and we can provide further instructions on how to use the Opt Out button below.
We manage Opt Out requests on a per browser basis, using your Browser ID cookie.
This means that we need access to your browser when you click on the Opt Out button below in order to respond to your Opt Out request.
We therefore cannot process any Opt Out request from a third party acting as your agent.

Opt Out of Third Party Sharing for Interest Based Advertising This function is not activated if you do not have a California IP address.
If the button is not active, please try again from a California location.
 You have opted out of third party sharing by Fastquicksearch.com for interest based advertising.
We will no longer allow our advertising partners to use the personal information gathered from your browser’s activities for interest based targeting to you across various websites and services.
We participate in the IAB CCPA Compliance Framework for Publishers &amp.
Technology Companies (“IAB Framework”).
When you use the above toggle to opt-out, to the extent we sell your personal information in order to deliver ads tailored to your interests, we will notify downstream participants of the IAB Framework that receive personal information about you to only use your personal information for those specific and limited purposes that are permitted under the IAB Framework.
However, while we do our best to contractually restrict our advertising partners, including via the IAB Framework, we do not always have the means to verify or audit their compliance with your opt out request because we do not have access to their data processing systems.

 Our advertising partners will also be allowed to set or recognize a cookie on your browser only to provide services to us.
This means that the personal information tied to your browser may still be used by our advertising partners to help us perform advertising-related functions such as measuring, reporting and optimizing the effectiveness of our ads, capping how many times you may see an ad, counting ad impressions and user actions taken after clicking on an ad, ensuring services are working correctly and securely, providing aggregate statistics and analytics, or reducing ad fraud.

Please note that opting-out does not mean that you will stop seeing ads or that you will stop seeing interest-based ads, as some of our advertising partners may still target ads to you based on information they collected about you prior to you opting out.
In addition, If you would like more information about how to opt out from interest based advertising from multiple websites and services, please visit http://optout.aboutads.info/#/ and http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#.
You may also download the AppChoices app at http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices to opt out in mobile apps.
Note also that one of our partners, LiveRamp, requires a separate opt out of selling information at https://optout.liveramp.com/opt_out.

We manage your Opt Out status via your Browser ID cookie which applies to this Site only (see chart in Section 2 above).
This means that if you delete cookies from your browser or visit this Site from another browser or device, we will not recognize you as an Opted Out user.
You will need to click on the Opt Out button from those other devices or browsers to effect the Opt Out for those devices or browsers.
Similarly, if you visit another Ask Media Group Site, you will need to Opt Out via the Opt Out button located on the Privacy Policy page of that Site to effect the opt out for that Site. 6) Your Access, Revision &amp.
Deletion Rights 

Right to know/right of access If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA) or in California, or in certain other states, you have specific rights to know and have access to the personal information that has been collected and stored by the web properties that you visit (and in the EEA, right to correct such information).
Your rights can only be exercised if such web properties can adequately verify that you are the same person as the user whose data is being requested.
At Ask Media Group, we do not collect sufficient data to authenticate any particular user.
As indicated in Section 2 above, we only recognize a unique browser based on the Browser ID we assign to that browser for a particular Site.
A Browser ID could therefore correspond to multiple individuals.
In the same way, one user could have multiple unique browser IDs if they visit multiple Sites or visit the same Sites with multiple devices or browsers.
Since the personal information we collect related to a Browser ID is not sufficient to verify that the corresponding browser belongs to the person making the request, we are not able to provide any information in response to any request to know or access specific personal information about a user.
This is to prevent anyone from using your browser to obtain your search or browsing history.
We want to make sure your search and browsing history does not fall into the wrong hands.


However, upon your request, and provided you are able to provide to us your Browser ID, then we may provide you with the following information collected within the last 12 months: 

Which categories of personal information we have collected about you (based on your Browser ID or other information you have provided to us), and how we collected that information, as well as the business or commercial purposes for our collecting such personal information.

A list of the categories of personal information shared with third parties for a business purpose and the categories of third parties to whom we have shared your personal information.

A list of categories of personal information that may have been collected by third parties when you visited our Site, and the categories of third parties who may have collected such information.

 Information relating to your Browser ID is retained by us for various time periods, so we may not be able to provide information for the full 12 months preceding your request.


Please note that if you have provided to us your email address to subscribe to one of our newsletters, your email is not automatically tied to your Browser ID, and therefore you have to request us to delete your email separately.
If you have submitted a HelpDesk request, or have submitted a job application with us, your contact information will not be tied to your Browser ID and we will not be able to verify that any Browser ID information corresponds to any additional information you provide to us.
See below for email deletion requests.


Right to delete If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA) or in California, or in certain other states, you have specific rights to request us to delete any personal information we have stored about you.
In the EEA, you also have the right to withdraw any consent that you have previously provided to us to store or use your personal information.
As indicated above, since all personal information we have is tied to your Browser ID, we are only able to delete your personal information from our databases if you can provide to us that Browser ID.
You can also request deletion of certain other information that is not tied to your Browser ID as further described below.




Process to submit a right to know/right of access or right to delete request To request us to access personal information categories or delete personal information we have collected with respect to your Browser ID, please follow these steps: 
Click on the Browser ID button below to get your Browser ID and copy your Browser ID to a safe place so you can later send it to us.
Remember that this Browser ID is unique to this website.
If you visit a different Site with the same browser, you will be identified as a different user with a different Browser ID.
 Browser ID FCBC5E53-77B2-4ED3-9FA8-932C3B903BBA  Contact us via our HelpDesk, click the “Contact Us” button, then fill out the form.
Select “Request access to or deletion of your personal data” in the drop-down for the Subject field.

Provide your Browser ID number
Provide a written and signed statement confirming that: 
You are a resident of California, or a country in the EEA (please indicate which country) or another state where the laws provide you similar rights (please indicate which state)
You are the rightful owner of the browser that corresponds to the Browser ID you are providing.
and 
you are the sole user of that browser and no other individual has used the browser


Clarify whether you are requesting us to (a) delete all of the personal information tied to your Browser ID.
or (b) send to you information on the categories of personal data we have collected and shared that are tied to your Browser ID.
To assist us in processing your request in a timely manner, please make your request in English if you are able to do so.



We manage requests to delete or access personal information on a per Browser ID basis, which is the only way we have of recognizing or authenticating a user.
Even if you have created an account with us and submitted your email address, we may not automatically tie your email address to your browser ID.
This means that we need access to your browser when you click on the Browser ID button above and will process your request based on that Browser ID.
We therefore cannot process any request from a third party acting as your agent.
For email deletion requests, see below.

All requests for access or deletion will be reviewed by our legal and compliance team and we reserve the right, in compliance with applicable laws, to accept or reject, or make further inquiries regarding, any requests.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month.
Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests.
In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
We will typically not charge a fee to fully respond to your requests.
provided, however, that we may charge a reasonable fee, or refuse to act upon a request, if it is excessive, repetitive, unfounded or overly burdensome.
If we determine that the request warrants a fee, or that we may refuse it, we will give you notice explaining why we made that decision.
You will be provided a cost estimate and the opportunity to accept such fees before we will charge you for responding to your request.



Unsubscribe and deletion of email information  To stop receiving email communications from us, you can opt out by using the unsubscribe mechanism in the email you receive, or by contacting us via our HelpDesk and requesting us to no longer receive emails from us.
Note that regardless of your email preference settings, we may send you transactional and administrative messages regarding our Sites and services.


If you have provided your email address to us by subscribing to one of our Sites’ newsletters or other email communications, you may request us to remove your email from our database by contacting us via our HelpDesk.
Note that your email is not automatically tied to your Browser ID and so deleting your email will not automatically delete from our systems all personal information we have relating to your activities on our Sites.
See Section 2 for more details on Browser ID related personal information.



Deletion of information you submit via our HelpDesk You may request us to delete all the information you submitted to us via our HelpDesk by contacting us via our HelpDesk.
However, we reserve the right to retain any information you provided via our HelpDesk in order to defend legal claims, retain a record of our compliance with laws, including privacy and data protection laws, and other statutory data retention requirements.
Note that except when you provide your Browser ID via a HelpDesk request, your HelpDesk request information is not tied to your Browser ID.
Deleting your HelpDesk request information will not automatically delete from our systems all personal information we have relating to your activities on our Sites and you must make these requests separately.
See Section 2 for more details on Browser ID related personal information.




Deletion of information you submit in response to a job posting You may request us to delete all the information you submitted to us in response to a job posting by contacting us via our HelpDesk.
However, we reserve the right to retain any information you provided to us to apply for a position at Ask Media Group in order to defend legal claims, retain a record of our compliance with laws, and other statutory data retention requirements.
Note that your job application information is not tied to your Browser ID and so deleting your job application information will not automatically delete from our systems all personal information we have relating to your activities on our Sites.
See Section 2 for more details on Browser ID-related personal information.

 7) Data Hosted in the United States
 Ask Media Group is headquartered in California, and in order to access our Sites, your browser interacts directly with our Site servers in the United States.
By visiting or using our Sites, your data is automatically collected, processed and stored on servers located in the United States.
If you are located in the United Kingdom (“UK”), Switzerland, or the European Economic Area (“EEA”), this means your data is stored in a country the laws of which may offer less personal data protection than your country.
We however comply with requirements set forth in the EU General Data Protection Regulation when we process your data, and you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data supervisory authority of your country if you feel that we have unlawfully processed your data.

Your personal data is also processed in the United States by some of the third parties with whom we share your data, as detailed in the chart in the Information We Collect, How We Use It, and How and Why We Share It Section above and in the Additional information about Sharing with Third Parties section above.
We have entered into data processing agreements with service providers who process your data that restrict and regulate their processing of your data on our behalf.

 If you are in the UK, Switzerland, or the EEA and you do not consent to your data being processed by us or by our service providers in the United States, please follow the steps outlined in the Right to delete section above and contact us via our HelpDesk, and please stop accessing our Sites.
 8) Non Discrimination, Complaints and Disputes
 All content and services offered on the Sites are free of charge and Ask Media Group will not discriminate against any user who has exercised their rights as set forth in this privacy policy.

 We commit to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information.
Inquiries, concerns or complaints may be submitted to us here.

 We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern about your privacy.
If, however, you believe that we have not satisfactorily addressed your complaint or concern, you may have the right to make a complaint to the data protection authority of your state of residence.
AMG is further subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) in the United States.
 9) Data Retention and Security
We have designed our Browser ID system so that we can manage our Sites while collecting as little information about our users as possible.
We retain the information tied to your Browser ID for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose we collected it for and for the purpose of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information we process, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your information, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
If you subscribe to one of our Sites’ email communications and provide us your email address, we will keep your email address for as long as you open our email communications and six months after your email address becomes unresponsive to our emails or when you unsubscribe.
We retain information in our HelpDesk system for up to three years to respond to discovery requests in the event of litigation or have the ability to defend legal claims.

We retain information you provide to apply for jobs at Ask Media group for as long as we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to contact you if we have a job opening that fits your qualification, or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements) after which our service provider Greenhouse will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then they will securely store your information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
We take the security of your information seriously and use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your information against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage.
We also limit access to information about you to employees who reasonably need access to it to provide products or services to you, or in order to do their jobs.
However, because no security system can be 100% effective, we cannot completely guarantee the security of any information we may have collected from or about you.
 10) Updates to this Privacy Policy and Contact Information
We will continue to evaluate this Privacy Policy against new technologies, applicable laws, business practices, and our user’s needs, and may make changes accordingly.
Please check this page periodically for updates.
If we make any material changes, we will post the updated Privacy Policy on this page, along with its effective date, and notify you by means of a notice on the Sites.
Except in connection with updates that materially change the ways in which we process your information, your continued use of the Services after this Privacy Policy has been updated means that you agree to be bound by such updates.
We will provide notice in advance of the effective date with regard to any updates that materially change the ways in which we process your personal information.
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the manner in which your information is processed (or if you are an EEA resident, how your data is transferred outside of the EEA), or if you would like to submit a request to us, please contact our Data Protection Officer here or via mail at:  Ask Media Group, LLC Data Protection Officer 1955 Broadway, Suite 350 Oakland, CA 94612 


 Datenschutz 
 Nutzungsbedingungen 
 Cookie-Richtlinie 
 Hilfe 
 © 2022 Ask Media Group, LLC 

