
         Legal Disclaimer A.Definitions Service refers to the services which FastestVPN provides to their customers.
This associates with the usage of a virtual private network (VPN) and allows the customer to inscribe the data which is shared between other devices on a different network and a user’s device.
Note: The VPN service does elevate the protection on all your devices, but 100% privacy cannot be guaranteed.
B.Disclaimer If you want to understand the application of services then read this document thoroughly before you continue further with the use of this VPN, if you do not follow the accordance of the terms, then you shall not further access the application or website.

FastestVPN attempts to provide you with information that is authentic, dependable and reliable on or after it was published on the website.
FastestVPN claims to hold no responsibility for the accuracy of the content/material provided by the third party on the website

FastestVPN does not claim to provide warranty for absolute completeness and authenticity of the content or the service without limitations.
FastestVPN disclaims any information that is provided by third parties about guaranteed error free service and does not provide users with any warranty of technical errors or uninterrupted accessibility of service.
FastestVPN is not accountable to any damages, including, incidental, no limitations, direct or indirect, or for that matter any damages that arise from the connection in use or inability to use, other actions causing damages, or any claims.
The disclaimer is applied to any damages, loss, and prevention of usage caused by a failure in detection of errors, loss of application, working, interruption in usage or content or any other claims that arise in any manner.
FastestVPN has the right to make changes to the information provided anywhere on the website, the terms of service, or services provided, herein, without any notice provided.
Payment Wall can only be used for purchasing Plans that are 6 Months or less.
User Agreement This contract refers to an agreement between FastestVPN and the user who wishes to sign up to this site.
By registering to FastestVPN, you automatically agree to the terms of use concerning this product.

Using the website for any means (registration or surfing) bounds you to agree to this agreement.
Any content viewed or any activity conducted on this site will refer to the user agreeing to the terms of use.

A.Services to be provided by FastestVPN Therefore it is essential for a customer to completely understand FastestVPN to secure my physical location, activities and identity and agree not to abuse the system.

15 Day Free Trial The free trial is provided only once and upon the installation and signing up for the application.

Note: For iOS Platform sign up is optional to comply with the privacy policy of iTunes/Apple whereas, for other platforms it is a must to sign up to start using our services.
However, upon completion of trial period at iOS platform users are required to sign up and subscribe for 1 of the available paid subscription packages to continue using our services.
We need only a valid email address and password at sign up for our users, so that they can start using our services on any platform using same credentials later on.

Free trial is not provided upon subsequent registration by the customer or customer’s affiliates.
In order to continue using the Fastest VPN services after the end of the free trial, you will be required to subscribe for the services.

Refund policy The best possible services are provided by FastestVPN.
These services which concerns or may concern your usage that falls under the terms of service.
For instance, if you are not fully satisfied with our services or feel that FastestVPN does not match your standard needs of a VPN, you just have to notify us via email within 15 days of your purchase.

Once you have claimed for the refund, your account will be suspended right away.
Please note that the refunded amount may take several days (as many as up to 15-Days) to reflect on your account/card, depending on the payment method you used to purchase your FastestVPN account.
FastestVPN practices zero-tolerance policy against any violation of terms or manipulation or violation of rights to services and the term of use.
FastestVPN holds the right to terminate the contract and end the services provided based upon any violation of terms, illegal activities, or violation of the stated user agreement.
You understand that you will not be refunded if the payment method you used to buy our services does not offer a refund option.
Auto-Renewal
Subscription Fastest VPN is a paid service so you will need a paid subscription to get started.
Subscription costs: $10/month, $2.99/12 months and $1.66/24 months.
Taxes/VAT may apply.
However, on APP Store for iOS version available packages are: $10/month and $2.99/12 months only.
Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24 hours before the end of the current period, as per the platform you are managing the subscription from.

The account will be charged for renewal within 24 hours prior to the end of the current period.

Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user’s Account Settings after purchase.
No cancellation of the current account is allowed during active subscription period.
Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication, where applicable.

