
         FastestVPN Does Not Store Any
Logs, Period!
We do not store your logs in anyway.
Any information or logs related to your browsing history - the websites you visit, the content you download or stream, your traffic destinations, or your DNS queries - stays with you and you alone.
What Information Do We Keep? Only the email address that you share with us when you sign up for our service.
and that too is kept for billing purposes and account registration.
Once a user deactivates their account, their email address is also removed from our data base.
Other than that, we do not keep any logs nor any credit card info.
FastestVPN also uses Google Analytics, Hotjar and Livechat software to enhance user experience and website performance.
What If Any Authority Wants
To Inquire About A Specific Customer Or An IP? Since we don’t log any user activity, we can’t connect any activity to a specific user.
The only information that we keep, as mentioned above, is the email address - that too for billing purposes.
We do not log any history or session data, hence cannot provide any data to the authorities.
In Case You Receive Any Legal
Notice, What Will You Do?
As we cannot connect any activity with a particular user, we cannot provide anything that can be presented as evidence in court of law.
Since we are based in Cayman Island, one of the few countries with “No Mandatory Data retention laws”, therefore we are not legally bound to store any user data or share it with anyone.
Is P2P File Sharing Allowed? P2P file sharing is allowed on all of our servers.
How Can You Contact Us?
For queries regarding our website, Apps or any other information related to FastestVPN, please contact us at: support@fastestvpn.com
How We Secure User
Information
FastestVPN takes several measures to safeguard user-information, both technically and physically in our offices.
Only people designated to perform certain duties are able to access user-information.
But a service can only do so much to protect its users.
You, as a user, must always remain vigilant about sharing your FastestVPN account and user-information on the internet.
Because FastestVPN does not store activity logs, a government’s request to share data cannot be tied to any specific user.
FastestVPN and Third-Parties FastestVPN may partner with third-parties (“affiliates”) to provide its users with some kind of benefit.
It may be, but is not limited to, promotional offers that give new and existing opportunities to users to avail discounts.
FastestVPN may advertise those promotional offers on behalf of third-parties or at its own will.
The Privacy Policy defined here does not cover that of third-parties.
To understand what the third-party is collecting on its end, please refer to its Privacy Policy.
FastestVPN does not take responsibility for the Privacy Policy of third-parties.

Agreement with FastestVPN FastestVPN is intended for users aged 18 or above.
Your continued use of FastestVPN and its services (“apps”, “customer support”, “website”) shall constitute your acceptance of the Privacy Policy defined here.
If you do not agree with the Privacy Policy, please discontinue use of FastestVPN immediately.
Changes to Privacy Policy FastestVPN may change the Privacy Policy, at any given time, without prior notice.
Users shall be notified of the updated Privacy Policy through email.
Only the most recent version of the Privacy Policy shall be applicable.
The Privacy Policy was last updated on: August 19, 2019
