
         Privacy Policy 
The Privacy Policy applies during the full duration of use of Our Service(s).
The personal information collected from users will be managed according to our privacy policy.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to individuals or firms who do not directly use FC2 services.
 Use of Information 
The personal information we request from User(s) is limited to the minimum necessary.
Information, including IP addresses, cookies, visited pages, devices, etc.
are automatically received from the user’s browser or app and saved onto our servers.
 FC2 may use the information for the following reasons.

In order to improve Our Service(s).
In order offer new services and correct information to User(s).
To contact users if needed.
In order to provide better conditions for User(s).


 Personal Information 
FC2 will never sell or lend out personal information acquired from users.
 However, FC2 may release personal information for the following reasons.

When requested by official facilities such as court or the police.
If there are any life threatening reasons or emergency situations.
When required to provide Service(s) to User(s).
When companies entrusted by FC2 require the information in order to provide Service(s) to Users.
（These companies are not allowed to use the personal information for any other purposes.）
When its considered necessary in order to protect FC2's rights and/or assets aginst User(s) violations of the Terms of Use.


 Security 
For security reasons, FC2 requires password access to all FC2 user information.
SSL code is used to protect your information in the event of data transfers.
 Use of Third Party Service 
Please note Services within FC2 websites may use the YouTube API Services. Google Analytics is utilized to provide optimal service to its users.
 By using our services you agree to the YouTube Terms of Service and Google Privacy Policy, along with the FC2 Terms of Service.
Links for the policy and terms are provided below for reference.

Google Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
YouTube Terms of Service: https://www.youtube.com/t/terms
FC2 Terms of Service


 Amendments to the Privacy Policy 
FC2 retains the right to amend and/or alter the Privacy Policy in part or full. （We will inform Users of any important changes on the FC2 website.)

