
         Edit this page in 7 steps In this section Fedora Legal



 Fedora Licensing Guidelines

 License Approval 
 License Review Process 
 License: Field in Spec File 
 Updating Existing Packages 
 License Audit Tools 
 General Info About Licenses 
 License of Fedora Linux 
 Fedora Project Contributor Agreement 


 Miscellaneous Packaging Topics 
 Fedora License Lists

 Allowed Licenses 
 Not-Allowed Licenses 


 Other Legal Information

 Privacy Policy 
 Trademark Guidelines 
 Export Compliance Information 
 DMCA Notice 




 Fedora Legal 
 ARM Singe Board Computers 
 Ask Fedora SOPs 
 CommOps 
 Community Architecture (CommArch) 
 Community Platform Engineering 
 Defensive Coding Guide 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
 Emerging Fedora Desktops 
 Engineering Teams 
 EPEL 
 Fedora Accounts 
 Fedora Badges 
 Fedora CI 
 Fedora Container Docs 
 Fedora CoreOS 
 Fedora Council 
 Fedora Docs Team 
 Fedora Documentation 
 Fedora ELN 
 Fedora Gaming 
 Fedora i3 S.I.G.

 Fedora Infrastructure 
 Fedora Internet Of Things 
 Fedora IoT Working Group 
 Fedora Join SIG 
 Fedora Kinoite 
 Fedora Legal 
 Fedora Linux Releases 
 Fedora Localization Team 
 Fedora Magazine 
 Fedora Marketing 
 Fedora Program Management 
 Fedora Project 
 Fedora QA Docs 
 Fedora Rawhide Gating 
 Fedora Server Documentation 
 Fedora Server Working Group 
 Fedora Silverblue 
 Fedora Spins &amp.
Labs 
 Fedora TeleIRC SIG 
 Fedora Tools 
 Fedora User Docs 
 rawhide 
 f37 
 f36 
 f35 
 f34 
 f33 
 f32 
 f31 
 f30 
 f29 
 f28 
 f27 
 f26 


 Fedora Websites &amp.
Apps 
 Fedora Workstation Documentation 
 Fedora Workstation Working Group 
 FESCo 
 Flatpak 
 Java-Packaging HOWTO 
 Localization help and stats 
 Mentored Projects 
 Mindshare Committee 
 Mindshare Teams 
 Minimization 
 Modularity 
 NeuroFedora User Documentation 
 Package Maintainers 
 Packaging Guidelines 
 Quick Docs 
 Remix Docs 


Fedora Legal
Other Legal Information
Privacy Policy
 en-US en-US
ar
ast
az
be
bg
bn
ca
cs
de
el
es
es_419
fa
fi
fil
fr
fur
he
hi
hr
hu
id
it
ja
jp
ko
mr
ms
my
nb_NO
ne
nl
or
pl
pt
pt_BR
pt_PT
ro
ru
si
sk
sq
sv
sw
te
tr
tzm
uk
ur
ur_PK
uz
zh_CN
zh_Hans
zh_TW 




 Contents
Scope of This Notice
Our Commitment to Privacy
The Information We Collect
Publicly Available Personal Data
Using (Processing) Your Personal Data
Sharing Your Personal Data
Receiving E-Mail
Cookies and Other Browser Information
Our Commitment to Data Security
Public Forums Reminder
Our Commitment to Children’s Online Privacy
About Links to Other Sites
Your Rights and Choices in the EEA
How to Access, Modify or Update Your Information
How to Contact Us
Changes to this Privacy Statement
 Privacy Statement for the Fedora Project
Contents
Scope of This Notice
Our Commitment to Privacy
The Information We Collect
Publicly Available Personal Data
Using (Processing) Your Personal Data
Sharing Your Personal Data
Receiving E-Mail
Cookies and Other Browser Information
Our Commitment to Data Security
Public Forums Reminder
Our Commitment to Children’s Online Privacy
About Links to Other Sites
Your Rights and Choices in the EEA
How to Access, Modify or Update Your Information
How to Contact Us
Changes to this Privacy Statement
 Scope of This Notice This Privacy Statement is intended to describe the Fedora Project’s privacy practices and provide information
about the choices you have regarding the ways in which information collected by the Fedora Project is used and
disclosed.
For convenience, the Fedora Project is referred to in this document as "Fedora". Our Commitment to Privacy At Fedora, your privacy is important to us.
To better protect your privacy, we have provided this Statement
explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your personal information is
collected, used and disclosed.
To make this Statement easy to find, we have made it available on our homepage
and at every location where personally-identifiable information may be requested. The Information We Collect This Privacy Statement applies to all information collected by or submitted to Fedora, including personal data.
"Personal data" is data that can be used to identify an individual.
Fedora collects personal data when:


you create a user account;


you participate in surveys and evaluations;


you participate in promotions, contests or giveaways;


you submit questions or comments to us.


Fedora may also collect personal data from individuals (with their consent) at conventions, trade shows and
expositions.
The types of personal data collected may include (but are not limited to):


your first and last name;


your title and your company’s name;


your home, billing, or other physical address (including street name, name of a city or town, state/province);


your country code;


your e-mail address;


your telephone number;


any other identifier that permits Fedora to make physical or online contact with you;


any information that Fedora collects online from you and maintains in association with your account, such as:


your Fedora Account System password,


your GPG key ID,


your SSH public key,


your IRC nickname,


your language preference,


your timezone,


your geographic coordinates (longitude/latitude),


your affiliation(s).



 Publicly Available Personal Data In keeping with the open nature and spirit of Fedora, some personal data attached to Fedora accounts is made
public by default.
Specifically:


your first and last name;


your country code;


your email address;


your language preference;


your SSH public key;


your timezone;


your GPG key ID (if defined);


your IRC nickname (if defined);


your geographic coordinates (if defined);


your affiliations (if defined).


If you wish for this information to be kept private, you can opt-out of displaying this information publicly in
your [https://accounts.fedoraproject.org/ Fedora Account Preferences].
If you choose to opt-out, Fedora
will still have access to this information, but it will not be displayed to others, and will be considered
Private.
The only exception to this is for your email address, which may still be visible in some Fedora
services such as Bugzilla. Using (Processing) Your Personal Data Fedora uses the personal data you provide to:


create and maintain your accounts;


identify and authenticate you;


attribute data and content you produce directly and indirectly in our public-facing services;


answer your questions;


send you information;


for research activities, including the production of statistical reports (such aggregated information is not
used to contact the subjects of the report);


send you surveys.


We also use this personal data to provide you with information related to your account and the products or
services you acquire from us, to better understand your needs and interests, to improve our service, to
personalize communications, and to comply with or fulfill any contractual obligations to you.
It is in Fedora’s
legitimate business interests to provide you with the information, communications, and services you request.
to
create a public record of the data and content produced by Fedora’s services.
and to maintain the integrity of
that data and content for historical, scientific, and research purposes. Sharing Your Personal Data Unless you consent, Fedora will never process or share the personal data you provide to us except as described
below.
Fedora may share your personal data with third parties under any of the following circumstances:


Your publicly available personal data in the Fedora account system, as described above, is accessible by
anyone unless you, as the account holder, opt out as already described in this Privacy Statement.


As required to provide service, and for e-mail housing (as a consequence of uses already described in this
Privacy Statement).
It is in Fedora’s legitimate business interest to provide all users an accurate record of
data and content provided by Fedora’s services, and to maintain the integrity of that data and content for
historical, scientific, and research purposes.
This data and content may include but is not limited to email,
code changes, comments, and artifacts.


As required by law (such as responding to a valid subpoena, warrant, audit, or agency action, or to prevent
fraud).


For research activities, including the production of statistical reports (such aggregated information is used
to describe our services and is not used to contact the subjects of the report).

 Receiving E-Mail Fedora may send you e-mail about your account, to inform you of important upcoming Fedora events (e.g.
elections), or in response to your questions.
For your protection, Fedora may contact you in the event that we
find an issue that requires your immediate attention.
Fedora processes your personal data in these cases to
fulfill and comply with its contractual obligations to you, to provide the services you have requested, and to
ensure the security of your account. Cookies and Other Browser Information Fedora’s online services automatically capture IP addresses.
We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with
our servers, to administer our website, and to help ensure the security of your interaction with our services.
Your IP address is used to help identify you and your location, in order to provide you data and content from
our services as quickly as possible.
It is in Fedora’s legitimate business interest to maximize the efficiency
and effectiveness of its services for all users.
As part of offering and providing customizable and personalized services, Fedora uses cookies to store and
sometimes track information about you.
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a
Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
All sections of fedoraproject.org where you are prompted
to log in or that are customizable require your browser to accept cookies.
Generally, we use cookies to:


Remind us of who you are and to access your account information (stored on our computers) in order to provide a better and more personalized service.
This cookie is set when you register or "sign in" and is modified when you "sign out" of our services.


Estimate audience size.
Each browser accessing Fedora is given a unique cookie that is used to determine the extent of repeat usage and usage by a registered user versus by an unregistered user.


Track your progress and number of entries in some of our promotions, sweepstakes, and contests.
When a Fedora hosted promotion uses cookies, the information written to the cookie indicates the person’s progress through the promotion, and may be used to track entries, submissions, and status in prize drawings.


Measure certain traffic patterns, which areas of Fedora’s network of websites you have visited, and your visiting patterns in the aggregate.
We use this research to understand how our user’s habits are similar or different from one another so that we can make each new experience on fedoraproject.org a better one.
We may use this information to better personalize the content, banners, and promotions you and other users will see on our sites.


If you do not want your personal information to be stored by cookies, you can configure your browser so that it
always rejects these cookies or asks you each time if you accept them or not.
However, you must understand that
the use of cookies may be necessary to provide certain services, and choosing to reject cookies will reduce the
performance and functionality of the site.
Your browser documentation includes instructions explaining how to
enable, disable or delete cookies at the browser level (usually located in the “Help”, “Tools” or “Edit”
facility). Our Commitment to Data Security Fedora trains its administrators on our privacy policy guidelines and makes our privacy policy available to our
partners.
Our website uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, which encrypts your personal data when you
send your personal information on our website.
In addition, Fedora and its partners enter into confidentiality
agreements which require that care and precautions be taken to prevent loss, misuse, or disclosure of your
personal data. Public Forums Reminder Fedora often makes chat rooms, forums, mailing lists, message boards, and/or news groups available to its
users.
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information.
Exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal data.
Although we value individual ideas and encourage
free expression, Fedora reserves the right to take necessary action to preserve the integrity of these areas,
such as removing any posting that is vulgar or inappropriate.
It is in Fedora’s legitimate business interests
to provide all users an accurate record of data and content provided in the public forums it maintains and
uses.
to maintain the integrity of that data and content for historical, scientific, and research purposes.
and
to provide an environment for the free exchange of ideas relevant and constructive to the development and
propagation of open source software. Our Commitment to Children’s Online Privacy Out of special concern for children’s privacy, Fedora does not knowingly accept online personal information
from children under the age of 13.
Fedora does not knowingly allow children under the age of 13 to become
registered members of our sites.
Fedora does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information about
children under 13.
In the event that Fedora ever decides to expand its intended site audience to include children under the age of
13, those specific web pages will, in accordance with the requirements of the Children’s Online Privacy
Protection Act (COPPA), be clearly identified and provide an explicit privacy notice addressed to children
under 13.
In addition, Fedora will provide an appropriate mechanism to obtain parental approval, allow parents
to subsequently make changes to or request removal of their children’s personal information, and provide access
to any other information as required by law. About Links to Other Sites This site contains links to other sites.
Fedora does not control the information collection of sites that can be reached through links from fedoraproject.org.
If you have questions about the data collection procedures of linked sites, please contact those sites directly. Your Rights and Choices in the EEA Where the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”) applies to the processing of your personal
data, especially when you access the website from a country in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), you have the
following rights, subject to some limitations, against Fedora:


The right to access your personal data;


The right to rectify the personal data we hold about you;


The right to erase your personal data;


The right to restrict our use of your personal data;


The right to object to our use of your personal data;


The right to receive your personal data in a usable electronic format and transmit it to a third party (also
known as the right of data portability).
and


The right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority.


If you would like to exercise any of these rights, you may do so via our Personal
Data Request Form.
Please understand, however, the rights enumerated above are not absolute in all cases.
Where the GDPR applies, you also have the right to withdraw any consent you have given to uses of your personal
data.
If you wish to withdraw consent that you have previously provided to Fedora, you may do so via our
Personal Data Request Form.
However, the withdrawal of consent will not affect
the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. How to Access, Modify or Update Your Information Fedora gives you the ability to access, modify or update your personal data at any time.
You may
[https://accounts.fedoraproject.org/ log in] and make changes to your login information (change your
password), your contact information, your general preferences and your personalization settings.
If necessary,
you may also contact us and describe the changes you want made to the personal data you have previously
provided using the Personal Data Request Form.
If you wish to remove your personal data from Fedora, you may contact us using the Personal Data Requests Form
and request that we remove this information from the Fedora Account System.
Other locations where you may have
used your personal data as an identifier (e.g.
Bugzilla comments, list postings in the archives, wiki change
history, and spec changelogs) will not be altered. How to Contact Us If you have any questions about any of these practices or Fedora’s use of your personal information, please feel free to contact us by email, or by mail at: Fedora Legal c/o Red Hat, Inc.
- Corporate Legal Group 100 East Davie Street Raleigh, NC 27601
Fedora will work with you to resolve any concerns you may have about this Statement. Changes to this Privacy Statement Fedora reserves the right to change this policy from time to time.
If we do make changes, the revised Privacy
Statement will be posted on this site.
A notice will be posted on our homepage for 30 days whenever this
privacy statement is changed in a material way.
This Privacy Statement was last amended on May 25, 2018.
Want to help? Learn how to contribute to Fedora Docs.
All Fedora Documentation content available under CC BY-SA 4.0 or, when specifically noted, under another accepted free and open content license.

 Privacy Statement 
 Legal 
 Code of Conduct 
 Sponsors 

Last build: 2022-12-17 19:50:10 UTC | Last content update: 2022-11-27 
 Fedora is sponsored by Red Hat.
Learn more about the relationship between Red Hat and Fedora.

