
         In this section Fedora Project



 Mission and Foundations 
 Leadership 
 Current Objectives 
 High-Level Organization 
 Brand 
 Code of Conduct

 Clarifying Notes and Statements 


 Get Help 
 Get Involved 


 Fedora Project 
 ARM Singe Board Computers 
 Ask Fedora SOPs 
 CommOps 
 Community Architecture (CommArch) 
 Community Platform Engineering 
 Defensive Coding Guide 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
 Emerging Fedora Desktops 
 Engineering Teams 
 EPEL 
 Fedora Accounts 
 Fedora Badges 
 Fedora CI 
 Fedora Container Docs 
 Fedora CoreOS 
 Fedora Council 
 Fedora Docs Team 
 Fedora Documentation 
 Fedora ELN 
 Fedora Gaming 
 Fedora i3 S.I.G.

 Fedora Infrastructure 
 Fedora Internet Of Things 
 Fedora IoT Working Group 
 Fedora Join SIG 
 Fedora Kinoite 
 Fedora Legal 
 Fedora Linux Releases 
 Fedora Localization Team 
 Fedora Magazine 
 Fedora Marketing 
 Fedora Program Management 
 Fedora Project 
 Fedora QA Docs 
 Fedora Rawhide Gating 
 Fedora Server Documentation 
 Fedora Server Working Group 
 Fedora Silverblue 
 Fedora Spins &amp.
Labs 
 Fedora TeleIRC SIG 
 Fedora Tools 
 Fedora User Docs 
 rawhide 
 f37 
 f36 
 f35 
 f34 
 f33 
 f32 
 f31 
 f30 
 f29 
 f28 
 f27 
 f26 


 Fedora Websites &amp.
Apps 
 Fedora Workstation Documentation 
 Fedora Workstation Working Group 
 FESCo 
 Flatpak 
 Java-Packaging HOWTO 
 Localization help and stats 
 Mentored Projects 
 Mindshare Committee 
 Mindshare Teams 
 Minimization 
 Modularity 
 NeuroFedora User Documentation 
 Package Maintainers 
 Packaging Guidelines 
 Quick Docs 
 Remix Docs 


Fedora Project
Code of Conduct
 en-US en-US
ar
ast
az
be
bg
bn
ca
cs
de
el
es
es_419
fa
fi
fil
fr
fur
he
hi
hr
hu
id
it
ja
jp
ko
mr
ms
my
nb_NO
ne
nl
or
pl
pt
pt_BR
pt_PT
ro
ru
si
sk
sq
sv
sw
te
tr
tzm
uk
ur
ur_PK
uz
zh_CN
zh_Hans
zh_TW 




 Contents
Fedora Community Code of Conduct
Our Pledge
Our Standards
Our Responsibilities
Scope
Reporting and Enforcement
Attribution &amp.
License
 Code of Conduct
Contents
Fedora Community Code of Conduct
Our Pledge
Our Standards
Our Responsibilities
Scope
Reporting and Enforcement
Attribution &amp.
License
 Fedora Community Code of Conduct The Fedora Code of Conduct is a set of guidelines that explains how our community behaves and what we value to members and outsiders.
The Code of Conduct is a living document and will be updated when and if it is deemed necessary.
The Code of Conduct is not “code” in the sense of being an algorithm or a computer program.
The Code of Conduct is not “blindly and algorithmically” executed but is instead enforced by humans making real decisions based on all of the available information and using all available context.
The Code of Conduct does not seek to restrict speech or penalize non-native speakers of English.
Instead the Code of Conduct spells out the kinds of behaviors we, as a community, find to be acceptable or unacceptable.
The Code of Conduct is, in many ways, the outward embodiment of the Friends component of Fedora’s Foundations. Our Pledge In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as the Fedora community pledge to collaborate in a respectful and constructive manner, and welcome everyone willing to join us in that pledge.
We welcome individuals regardless of ability, age, background, body size, education, ethnicity, family status, gender identity and expression, geographic location, level of experience, marital status, nationality, national origin, native language, personal appearance, race and/or ethnicity, religion, sexual identity and orientation, socioeconomic status, or any other dimension of diversity.
Our channels, mailing lists, and posts should focus on Fedora and on free and open source software and content.
We pledge to make participation in our project and our community a harassment-free experience for everyone.
We pledge to avoid personal attacks on others, and to avoid inflammatory language and speech that perpetuates discrimination.
Furthermore, we pledge to not use the Fedora Project and its platforms as a basis to engage in personal campaigns against other organizations or individuals. Our Standards Examples of behavior that contributes to creating a positive environment include:


Using welcoming and inclusive language


Being kind to others


Behaving with civility


Being respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences


Gracefully accepting constructive criticism


Focusing on what is best for the community


Showing empathy towards other community members


Examples of unacceptable behavior include:


The use of sexualized language or imagery and unwelcome sexual attention or advances


Initiating controversy for controversy’s sake (repeatedly asking disingenuous questions under a guise of sincerity)


Saying insulting/derogatory comments and making personal attacks.


Repeatedly instigating conflict, and baiting people into arguments


Public or private harassment


Publishing someone else’s private information, such as a physical or electronic address, without explicit permission


Deliberate intimidation, stalking, or following


Violent threats or language directed against another person


Sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, ableist, or exclusionary statements, even if they were meant as jokes


Excessive swearing


Unwelcome physical contact


Sustained disruption of talks or other events


Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a professional setting even if the conduct may be legal under the laws of some jurisdiction.

 Our Responsibilities The Fedora Council is committed to enforcing this Code of Conduct in a fair and impartial manner so that Fedora community members are able to participate in the Fedora Project and its associated activities in a safe and respectful environment.
To achieve this, the Council has delegated responsibility to a Code of Conduct Committee for clarifying and interpreting the standards of acceptable behavior, responding to and investigating reports of behavior that is not aligned to this Code of Conduct and determining appropriate and fair corrective action in response.
The Committee will perform these functions along with the Red Hat Legal team, as appropriate.
Within their respective areas of participation Fedora Community members have the right in their sole discretion and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct.
Those Fedora Community members are expected to exercise these rights in alignment with the Code of Conduct. Scope This Code of Conduct applies in all online and offline project spaces and in all online and offline spaces where an individual is representing the project, its community, or is acting as a community member.
Examples of acting as a community member include:


Posting to a Fedora mailing list,


Filing a bug with Fedora,


Participating in an official Fedora communication channel, such as IRC or telegram


Contributing to the Fedora Project in any form


Using an official project email address


Posting via an official social media account


Acting as an appointed representative at an online or offline event


Speaking for Fedora or its subprojects at a public event or online video


Working in a Fedora or related booth or table at an event


Participating in a Fedora or related technical meetup


Serving as an elected or appointed leader in Fedora, including being a member of the Fedora Council

 Reporting and Enforcement Instances of behavior inconsistent with this code may be reported by contacting the Fedora project by filing a private Fedora Code of Conduct ticket at https://pagure.io/CoC/new_issue.
If the incident occurs at an event, the local event staff should be contacted in addition to opening a ticket.
Individuals without access to https://pagure.io/CoC/new_issue may send an email to the following address: codeofconduct@fedoraproject.org.
This email will be converted into a private Code of Conduct ticket by the Code of Conduct Committee.
All reports will be kept confidential.
When we discuss incidents with anyone we will anonymize details as much as we can.
This means that the identities of all involved parties will remain confidential unless those individuals instruct us otherwise or we are required to make disclosures under the law.
Additionally, in some cases we may need to disclose this information to other parties at Red Hat.
Fedora is not a separate legal entity and therefore has to comply with all requirements imposed upon Red Hat.
Upon our review/investigation of the reported incident, we will determine what action is appropriate based on this Code and its clarifying statements.
An incident review will include communication with the reporter and the individual being reported, and an opportunity for both parties to provide an account of the incident.
All complaints will be reviewed and will result in a response.
Failure to follow this Code may result in actions including, but not limited to, warnings, temporary suspension, and in extreme circumstances, banning from the Fedora Project.
Please note, while we take all concerns/reported incidents raised seriously, we will use our discretion to determine when and how to follow up on reported incidents. Attribution &amp.
License This Code of Conduct is an edited form of the Contributor Covenant, version 1.4 along with material from the PyCon Code of Conduct and others.
The process of dealing with reports is inspired by ideas from the Mozilla CPG Incident Process.
Additional material is drawn from many sources, including:


http://geekfeminism.wikia.com/wiki/Conference_anti-harassment/Responding_to_reports


http://geekfeminism.wikia.com/wiki/Conference_anti-harassment/Policy_resources


https://www.ashedryden.com/blog/codes-of-conduct-101-faq


http://safetyfirstpdx.org/training/code_of_conduct/TemplateIncidentResponseGuide.pdf


https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/how-my-restaurant-successfully-dealt-with-harassment-from-customers/2018/03/29/3d9d00b8-221a-11e8-badd-7c9f29a55815_story.html


https://www.shrm.org/hr-today/news/hr-magazine/Pages/1214-workplace-investigations.aspx


https://www.eeoc.gov/policy/docs/harassment.html


Want to help? Learn how to contribute to Fedora Docs.
All Fedora Documentation content available under CC BY-SA 4.0 or, when specifically noted, under another accepted free and open content license.

 Privacy Statement 
 Legal 
 Code of Conduct 
 Sponsors 

Last build: 2022-12-17 19:50:10 UTC | Last content update: 2021-05-11 
 Fedora is sponsored by Red Hat.
Learn more about the relationship between Red Hat and Fedora.

