
         Marked as read.
Undo Log In Primary Navigation
Personalize your FeedlyKeep up with the topics, sources, and trends that matter to you.
All in one placeGet StartedLog In LegalLast Updated: September 21st, 2016Terms of servicePrivacy policyFeedly, Inc.
(“Company”) is committed to protecting your privacy.
We have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe to you our practices regarding the personal information we collect from users of our website located at https://feedly.com (the “Site”), our mobile application entitled “Feedly” (the “Application”), and services (the “Services”) that enable users to find, explore and curate RSS content that is of interest to you.1.
Questions.
Contacting Company.
Reporting ViolationsIf you have any questions or concerns or complaints about our Privacy Policy or our data collection or processing practices, or if you want to report any security violations to us, please contact us at the following address or phone number:Feedly, Inc.805 Veterans Boulevard, Suite 109,Redwood City, CA 94063
2.
A Note About ChildrenWe do not intentionally gather personal information from visitors who are under the age of 13.
If a child under 13 submits personal information to the Company and we learn that the personal information is the information of a child under 13, we will attempt to delete the information as soon as possible.
If you believe that we might have any personal information from a child under 13, please contact us at: privacy@feedly.com.3.
Types of Data We CollectWe collect personal information from users, as described below.a.
Information You Provide to Us
When you order Services on our Site or App, we will collect all information necessary to complete the transaction, including your name, third party payment provider information (e.g.
credit card or PayPal account information), and billing information.
We may collect information about the types of news feeds (e.g.
tech, business, travel, education, etc.) that you add to or remove from the account you created to log into our network (“Account”).
We collect this information to suggest content that may be of interest to you and to tailor your experience to meet your special interests.
If you provide us feedback or contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the e-mail, in order to send you a reply.
If you participate in a sweepstakes, contest or giveaway on our Site, we may ask you for your e-mail address and/or home number (to notify you if you win or not).
We may also ask for first and last names, and sometimes post office addresses to verify your identity.
In some situations we may need additional information as a part of the entry process, such as a prize selection choice.
These sweepstakes and contests are voluntary.
We recommend that you read the rules for each sweepstakes and contest that you enter.
We may also collect personal information, such as at other points in our Service that state that personal information is being collected.
(b) Information You Provide to Facebook and other Social Networking SitesThe Services allow users to access Facebook to interact with friends and to share on Facebook and/or Google+ through friends’ news feeds.
When you click on “Personalize with Facebook,” or a similar connection on another social networking service (each, an “SNS”), you will be prompted to enter your SNS credentials or to “Sign Up” for the SNS.
By proceeding, you are allowing the Services to access your information and you are agreeing to the Facebook or other SNS’s Terms of Use in your use of the Services.
In this case, we may receive information from Facebook or another SNS to make it easier for you to create an Account on the Site and show our relevant content from your Facebook or SNS friends.
Once you register on the Site and connect with Facebook or another SNS, you will be able to automatically post recent activity back to Facebook or the other SNS.
Any information that we collect from your Facebook or other SNS account may depend on the privacy settings you have with that SNS, so please consult the SNS’s privacy and data practices.
You have the option to disable the connection between the Services and your SNS account at any time by logging into your Account through the Site and going to settings, “About Me,” “Linked Accounts,” and then unselecting your SNS.(c) Information Collected via Technology
Log Files.
As is true of most websites and mobile applications, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files.
This information includes IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (“ISP”), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users’ movements around the Site, gather demographic information about our user base as a whole, and better tailor our Services to our users’ needs.
Except as noted in this Privacy Policy, we do not link this automaticallycollected data to personal information.
Mobile Services.
We may also collect non-personal information from your mobile device if you have downloaded our Application.
This information is generally used to help us deliver the most relevant information to you.
Examples of information that may be collected and used include how you use the Application, and information about the type of device you use.
In addition, in the event our Application crash on your mobile device, we will receive information about your mobile device model software version and device carrier, which allows us to identify and fix bugs and otherwise improve the performance of our Application.
This information is sent to us as aggregated information and is not traceable to any individual and cannot be used to identify an individual.
Cookies.
Like many online services, we use cookies to collect information.
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing the website.
We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Service.
This type of information is collected to make the Service more useful to you and to tailor the experience with us to meet your special interests and needs.

Pixel Tags.
In addition, we use “Pixel Tagsb” (also referred to as clear Gifs, Web beacons, or Web bugs).
Pixel Tags are tiny graphic images with a unique identifier, similar in function to Cookies that are used to track online movements of Web users.
In contrast to Cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, Pixel Tags are embedded invisibly in Web pages.
Pixel Tags also allow us to send e-mail messages in a format users can read, and they tell us whether e-mails have been opened to ensure that we are sending only messages that are of interest to our users.
We may use this information to reduce or eliminate messages sent to a user.
We do not tie the information gathered by Pixel Tags to our users’ personal information.
Traffic Analytics.
We use a number of third party service provides, such as Google Analytics, to help analyze how users use the Service (“Analytics Companies”).
These Analytics Companies uses Cookies to collect information such as how often users visit the Service, what features they use on our Application, and what other sites they used prior to coming to the Site.
We use the information we get from these Analytics Companies only to improve our Site, Application and Services.
These Analytics Companies collect only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit the Service, rather than your name or other personally identifying information.
We do not combine the information generated through the use of our Analytics Companies with your personal information.
Although these Analytics Companies may plant a persistent Cookie on your web browser or mobile device to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit the Service, the Cookie cannot be used by anyone but the Analytics Company that placed the applicable Cookie.
This Policy does not apply to and we are not responsible for the Cookies used by these Analytics Companies.
4.
Use of Your Personal information(a) General UseIn general, personal information you submit to us is used either to respond to requests that you make, or to aid us in serving you better.
We use your personal information in the following ways:

facilitate the creation of and secure your Account on our network;
identify you as a user in our system;
provide improved administration of our Application and Services;
provide the Services you request;
improve the quality of experience when you interact with our Application and Services;
send you a welcome e-mail to verify ownership of the e-mail address provided when your Account was created;
send you administrative e-mail notifications, such as security or support and maintenance advisories;
respond to your inquiries related to employment opportunities or other requests.

send newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials related to our Services and for other marketing purposes of Company.
(b) User FeedbackWe often receive comments from users who have had positive experiences with our Services.
We may post user feedback on the Site from time to time.
We will share your feedback with your first name and last initial only.
If we choose to post your first and last name along with your feedback, we will obtain your consent prior to posting you name with your feedback.(c) Creation of Anonymous DataWe may create anonymous data records from personal information by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the data personally identifiable to you.
We use this anonymous data to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may enhance the content of our Services and improve Application navigation.
We reserve the right to use anonymous data for any purpose and disclose anonymous data to third parties in our sole discretion.5.
Disclosure of Your Personal informationWe disclose your personal information as described below and as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.(a) Third Parties Designated by YouWhen you use the Services, the personal information you provide will be shared with the third parties that you designate to receive such information.(b) Feedly BusinessIf you subscribe to our “Feedly Business” service, you may curate and share content with other users of the Services who have linked their Accounts to your Feedly Business Account (collectively such members who have linked their Accounts (pursuant to the processes described in our Terms of Service) to your Account are your “Team”).
If you subscribe to Feedly Business, we will share the content you curate via the Services (“Curated Content”) with the other members of your Team.
We will not sell your Curated Content to any third party.(c) Third Party Service ProvidersWe may share your personal information with third party service providers to: provide you with the Services that we offer you through our Site.
to conduct quality assurance testing.
to facilitate creation of accounts.
to provide technical support.
and/or to provide other services to the Company.
These third party service providers are required not to use your personal information other than to provide the services requested by Company.(d) Social Networking Sites or Twitter).
If you choose to do this, we will provide information to such SNSs in accordance with your elections.
You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for your use of those websites and that it is your responsibility to review the terms of use and privacy policy of the third party provider of such SNSs.
We will not be responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of such SNSs.
(ii) the content, products or services on or availability of such SNSs.
or (iii) your use of any such SNSs.(e) Corporate RestructuringWe may share some or all of your personal information in connection with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets.
In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, personal information may also be transferred as a business asset.
If another company acquires our company, business, or assets, that company will possess the personal information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.(f) Other DisclosuresRegardless of any choices you make regarding your personal information (as described below), Company may disclose personal information if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary (i) in connection with any legal investigation.
(ii) to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on Company.
(iii) to protect or defend the rights or property of Company or users of the Application or Services.
and/or (iv) to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law, this Privacy Policy, or our Terms of Use.6.
Your Choices Regarding Your Information.You have several choices regarding use of information on our Services:(a) Email CommunicationsWe will periodically send you free newsletters and emails that directly promote the use of our Site, Application or Services.
When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly (please see contact information below).
Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you service related communications, including notices of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy.(b) Changing or Deleting Your Personal InformationYou may change any of your personal information in your Account by clicking the “Erase account” text within the “Organize” page of your Account or by visiting feedly.com/i/erase and following the directions therein.
You may requested deletion of your personal information by us, and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request, but please note that we may be required to keep such information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements).
When we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives.
We may also retain your information for fraud prevention or similar purposes.(c) Data CollectionYou can stop all collection of information by the Application by uninstalling the Application.
You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.7.
Security of Your Personal informationCompany is committed to protecting the security of your personal information.
We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.
Therefore, while Company uses reasonable efforts to protect your personal information, Company cannot guarantee its absolute security.8.
Changes to This Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any material changes in the way we use your personal information, we will notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our Site and within our Application.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Site or within the Application.
These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Service.
Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your personal information to provide us with your most current e-mail address.
In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice.
If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your personal information, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your Account with us.
Continued use of our Site, Application or Service, following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.

 Press space bar to start a drag.
When dragging you can use the arrow keys to move the item around and escape to cancel.
Some screen readers may require you to be in focus mode or to use your pass through key

      