
        Copyright policy
Fembed is an Online Service Provider under Title II of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C.
Section 512 ("DMCA") and Article 14 of the EU Electronic Commerce Directive 2000/31/EC of the European Parliament and Council of 8 June 2000.
Article 5 of the EU Directive 2001/29/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 22 May 2001 ("EUCD").
This documents outlines the policy that Fembed have introduced in order to implement notice and takedown policy as required by DMCA/EUCD.
This documents guides copyright owners interested in utilizing this procedure, as well as service users interested in restoring access to material mistakenly taken down.
Fembed will respond to reports of alleged copyright infringement, which are allegations concerning the unauthorized use of a copyrighted.
DMCA Agent

Incorporate Now Inc
512 Lucerne Ave
Lake Worth, FL 33460
Phone: (800) 371-1217
Fax: (800) 371-0235
Email: dmca.fembed@gmail.com or notice@incorporatenow.com

How to submit a copyright complaint?
When a copyright owner’s work is being infringed on or through a service provider’s service, the copyright owner may send a notification of claimed infringement to us at our DMCA Takedown Tool (https://www.fembed.com/dmca).
To submit a notice of claimed copyright infringement, you will need to provide us with the following information in DMCA Takedown:

A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

After submitting a copyright complaint, you will receive an notification email from Fembed Abuse Department.
You need to confirm attached dmca takedown in that email and keep monitoring it to make sure your reported contents all properly taked down within 24 hours. For user: What happens if my account receives a copyright complaint?
If you receive a copyright complaint (dmca ticket), it means that access to the content described in the complaint will be restricted after 24 hours by “DMCA Takedown".
So, please take the time to read through our dmca ticket to you, remove mentioned contents and response that dmca ticket.
Note: If one account receives multiple copyright complaints, Fembed may lock accounts or take other actions to warn repeat violators.
Under appropriate circumstances we may suspend user accounts under our repeat infringer policy
      