
         FerrisChatToggle navigation 
Home
Team
Terms
GitHub
 Terms of Service Section I - Binding of the Terms
FerrisChat is owned and operated by ImASkeleton and hydrostaticcog.
These Terms set forth the terms and conditions under which you may use our platform and services as offered by us.
This platform offers visitors a space to start and interact with a community.
By creating an account or downloading our build of our client, you affirm that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these Terms.

Section II - Requirements for Use
In order to receive our services, you must be at least 13 years of age, or of the legal age of majority in your jurisdiction, and possess the legal authority, right and freedom to enter into these Terms as a binding agreement.
You are not allowed to use receive services if doing so is prohibited in your country or under any law or regulation applicable to you.
Section III - Retention of Right to Change Offering
We may, without prior notice, change the services or stop providing services or any features of the services we offer.
We may permanently or temporarily terminate or suspend access to the services without notice and liability for any reason, or for no reason.
Section IV - Warranty Responsibility
Because of the open source nature of the services we offer, and the likelihood of there being bugs, the services are provided on a "as is" basis and without warranties of any kind concerning the work, including without limitation merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, absence of defects or errors, accuracy, non-infringement of intellectual property rights other than copyright as stated in Article 6 of the European Union Public License v1.2.
Section V - Ownership of Intellectual Property, Copyrights, Logos
The service and all materials therein or transferred thereby, including, with certain limitations that will be made apparent, software, images, text, graphics, logos, photographs, audio, videos, music, and all Intellectual Property Rights related thereto, are released into the Public Domain.
You recognize and agree that by uploading any content (including, but not limited to designs, images, animations, videos, audio files, fonts, logos, illustrations, compositions, artworks, interfaces, text, and literary works) through any means to the service, you affirm that you own all the relevant rights or received the appropriate license to upload/transfer/send the content.
You agree and consent that the uploaded/transferred content may be publicly displayed on the service.
Section VI - Right to Suspend or Cancel User Account
We may permanently or temporarily terminate or suspend your access to the service without notice and liability for any reason, including if in our sole determination you violate any provision of these Terms or any applicable law or regulations.
You may discontinue use and request to cancel your account at any time. 
Section VII - Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold ImASkeleton or hydrostaticcog harmless from any demands, loss, liability, claims, or expenses (including attorney's fees) made against them by any third party due to, or arising out of, or in connection with your use of the services offered.
Section VIII - Limitation of Liability
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall ImASkeleton or hydrostaticcog, be liable for any indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including without limitation, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses, arising out of or relating to the use of, or inability to use, the service.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, ImASkeleton and hydrostaticcog assume no liability or responsibility for any (i) errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of content.
(ii) personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to or use of our service.
and (iii) any unauthorized access to or use of our secure servers and/or any and all personal information stored therein.

Section IX - Purpose of Use of our Services
You agree to refrain from using our Services to spread potentially harmful theories or general misinformation that could be destructive to public safety/health.
Section X - Right to Change and Modify Terms
We reserve the right to modify these terms from time to time at our sole discretion.
Therefore, you should review these page periodically.
When we change the Terms in a material manner, we will notify you that material changes have been made to the Terms.
Your continued use of the Website or our service after any such change constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms.
If you do not agree to any of these terms or any future version of the Terms, do not use or access (or continue to access) the service.

Section XI - Preference of Law and Dispute Resolution
These Terms, the rights and remedies provided hereunder, and any and all claims and disputes related hereto and/or to the services, shall be governed by, construed under and enforced in all respects solely and exclusively in accordance with the internal substantive laws of Texas in the United States of America, without respect to its conflict of laws principles.
Any and all such claims and disputes shall be brought in, and you hereby consent to them being decided exclusively by a court of competent jurisdiction located in Austin, TX.

Section XII - Customer Support Details
Customer Support/General Information - hello@ferris.chat
DMCA/Trust and Safety Bureau - report@ferris.chat (If this is an emergency, dial the local emergency number in your area)
Crate Support - crates@ferris.chat
 Resources

Crates
GitHub
HTTP Code Pages
Licensing
 About

Team
Terms of Service
Contributing
 FerrisChat
Build a community with Ferris at your side.
Contact Email - hello@ferris.chat


The FerrisChat website is licensed under the Unlicense License. No Rights Reserved.This website uses Simple Analytics for analytics.
It collects next to no data.You can view analytics here x
FerrisChat is currently a Work In Progress! There are NO client downloads currently available.
If you want to help, join our temporary Discord server
