
         Privacy terms for filehosting



 filehosting  has the right to collect personal user data, process and utilize, in providing for the establishment, content or design changes to the service, and thus the related services are needed (inventory data) .



 filehosting  has the right to collect personal data on the use of the service, process and utilize, to the extent necessary to enable the user to use of services (usage data).

The User hereby consents to  filehosting  explicitly that filehosting uses its inventory data for the purposes of consulting, advertising, market research or for the customized design and development of its services (self-use by filehosting).
The user can revoke this consent to filehosting with informal email.
filehosting is required to confirm the withdrawal.
The user also agrees explicitly that filehosting obtained inventory data and usage data may be transferred to third parties for storage, use and/or processing.
The transfer is limited to organizations and companies that meet the user's presumed preferences and will be displayed to the user according to § 4 V TDDSG.
The user expressly consents to filehosting that these organizations and companies may send information, offers, samples and advertising.
The user can revoke this consent to filehosting with an informal email.
filehosting is required to confirm the withdrawal.


 filehosting  points out that given the users signing in filehosting consent to the collection of its inventory data and usage data (number 1 and 2), see § 3 I, II TDDSG.


 filehosting  makes sure that the logs described in section 5 electronic consent and the contents of the consent can be accessed at any time by the user, § 4 II TDDSG.


 filehosting  points out explicitly that the user is entitled to a once-over filehosting consent to the data collection, data processing and data sharing revoked in the future, § 4 III TDDSG.

Under the provisions of the Federal Data Protection Act, you have to ask as a user of the online offer filehosting.org at any time the right information about what data is stored about you and how that information is stored.
In addition, you can use a correction or deletion of data which is inappropriate or unnecessary.
A corresponding information on saved data can be obtained by written request.

As of November 2010
