
         Filemail.com - Terms and Conditions of Use  This disclaimer/terms of service notification are subject to change without
notice.
 1.
Terms  By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site
Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree
that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws.
If you
do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or
accessing this site.
The materials contained in this web site are protected by
applicable copyright and trademark law.
 2.
Use License 
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the
materials (information or software) on Filemail's website for personal,
non-commercial transitory viewing only.
This limitation does not apply
for the files that are transferred using Filemail - only for the website
itself.
This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under
this license you may not:modify or copy the materials;use the
materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display
(commercial or non-commercial);attempt to decompile or reverse
engineer any software contained on Filemail's web site;remove any
copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials.
or transfer
the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other
server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these
restrictions and may be terminated by Filemail at any time.
Upon
terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of
this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your
possession whether in electronic or printed format.
 3.
Disclaimer 
The materials on Filemail's web site are provided "as is".
Filemail
makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and
negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied
warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular
purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation
of rights.
Further, Filemail does not warrant or make any
representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of
the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to
such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
 4.
Limitations  In no event shall Filemail or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including,
without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business
interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on
Filemail's Internet site, even if Filemail or a Filemail authorized representative
has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage.
Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or
limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations
may not apply to you.
 5.
Revisions and Errata  The materials appearing on Filemail's web site could include technical,
typographical, or photographic errors.
Filemail does not warrant that any of the
materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current.
Filemail may
make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without
notice.
Filemail does not, however, make any commitment to update the
materials.
 6.
Links  Filemail has not reviewed all the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not
responsible for the contents of any such linked site.
The inclusion of any link
does not imply endorsement by Filemail of the site.
Use of any such linked
web site is at the user's own risk.
 7.
Site Terms of Use Modifications  Filemail may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without
notice.
By using this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by the then
current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
 8.
Governing Law  Any claim relating to Filemail's web site shall be governed by the laws of
Norway without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
 9.
Files Filemail may not be used to transfer any illegal or copyrighted material. 10.
Cookies  Filemail uses and stores cookies to improve user's experience.
By using
Filemail you accept such use.
To read more about cookies please visit our
cookies policy.
 11.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)  For proper functioning of Filemail service and website Filemail will store your
personal information, specifically name, company name, emails, street
addresses, organization numbers, phone numbers and IP addresses of all
devices that are used for sending or receiving files through Filemail.
To read
more about this topic please visit our GDPR article.
 12.
Responsibility  You have sole responsibility for all User Files that you store on Filemail
servers through use of the Services.
You acknowledge and agree that Filemail
will not be responsible for any failure of the Services to store a User File, for
the deletion of a User File stored on the server, or for the corruption of or loss
of any data, information or content contained in a User File.
 13.
Reliability  Filemail cannot guarantee the availability of our service.
Even though we have
almost no downtime, we cannot be held responsible for unavailability of our
service.
 14.
Changes in TOS Filemail reserves the right to revise its policies at any time without notice. 15.
Abuse  Filemail reserves the right to charge any account $ an extra 1 year fee, if the
account is being abused by sending out SPAM e-mails.
E-mail address and IP
will be banned from any further use.
E-mail addresses and IP may be
provided to offended parties - in cases of obvious abuse and/or cases of
copyright infringement.
 16.
Payment  Registered users will be charged on a monthly or yearly basis according to the
interval which the user chose when registering.
The free trial will automatically
extend to a paid subscription if the trial is not cancelled before it expires.
as
explicitly stated on the trial signup page.

