
         Website Terms of Use Thank you for visiting fillitforward.com.
Cupanion is a brand of Green Menu Inc.
and maintains this site (the “Site”) for your personal entertainment, information, education, and communication.
Please feel free to browse the Site.
You may download material displayed on the Site for non-commercial, personal use only, provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials.
You may not, however, distribute, modify, frame, transmit, reuse, report, or use the contents of the Site, including the materials, data, text, images, video, or audio for public or commercial purposes without the prior written permission from Green Menu Inc..
1.
You should assume that everything you see or read on the Site is copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as provided in these Terms and Conditions or in the text on the Site without the prior written permission of Green Menu Inc..
Green Menu Inc.
neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the Site will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with Green Menu Inc..
2.
While Green Menu Inc.
uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on the Site, Green Menu Inc.
makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy.
Green Menu Inc.
assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content on the Site.
3.
Some photos and information on the Site have been submitted by individuals or companies not associated with Green Menu Inc..
Not all information on the Site has been inspected by Green Menu Inc.
and Green Menu Inc.
makes no representation as to the accuracy of the information posted or its suitability.
4.
Your use and browsing of the Site is at your risk.
Neither Green Menu Inc., nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the Site.
Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Site is provided to you “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you.
Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties.
Green Menu Inc.
also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for any damage to or viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other property, or for any loss or corruption of data on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site, or your downloading of any materials including data, text, images, video, or audio from the Site.
5.
No Unlawful or Prohibited Use.
As a condition of your use of this Site, you will comply with all applicable laws, statutes, ordinances and regulations regarding your use of our service and any related activities.
In addition, you warrant that you will not use this Site in any way prohibited by these terms, conditions and notices.
6.
Images displayed on the Site are either the property of, or used with permission by Green Menu Inc..
The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions or elsewhere on the Site.
Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
7.
The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the “Trademarks”) displayed on the Site are registered and unregistered Trademarks of Green Menu Inc.
and others.
Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppels, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Site without the written permission of Green Menu Inc., or the third party owner, as applicable.
Your misuse of the Trademarks displayed on the Site, or any other content on the Site is strictly prohibited.
You also are advised that Green Menu Inc.
will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of criminal prosecution.
8.
Green Menu Inc.
has not reviewed all of the sites linked to the Site and is not responsible for the contents of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to the Site.
Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk.
9.
Green Menu Inc.
may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting without notice to you.
Each time you visit this Site, you are bound by these Terms and Conditions as they exist on the date of your visit.
You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then-current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound.
Inquiries regarding the Terms and Conditions of Green Menu Inc.
may be directed to info@fillitforward.com.
