
(Updated 03/22/2021) 

PURPOSE OF POLICY. FindUnclaimedAssets, its parent, subsidiary, affiliated companies, and each of their respective officers, directors, members, owners, employees, agents, and representatives (collectively, "Us," "We," “Our,” or "Company") is committed to respecting the privacy rights of its customers, visitors, and other users of the Company Website (the "Site") pursuant to the terms contained herein.
We created this Privacy Policy (this "Policy") to give you notice of how your private information will be used as a result of submitting it to Our Company.
This Policy is only applicable to the Site, and not to any other websites that you may be able to access from the Site, each of which may have data collection and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Policy.

By accessing, using, or submitting information to the Site, you agree to this Policy and Our Terms of Service.

NOTICE CONCERNING CHILDREN. You must be at least 18 years old to use the Site.
We are a general audience Site, and do not direct any of Our content specifically at children under 18 years of age.
We understand and are committed to respecting the sensitive nature of children’s privacy online.
If We learn or have reason to suspect that a Site user is under age 18, We will promptly delete any personal information in that user’s account.
Consistent with the federal Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (“COPPA”), We will never knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental consent.
If you are aware that your minor child under the age of 13 has provided Us with personal information, please contact Us.


INFORMATION COLLECTION PRACTICES



WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DOES THE COMPANY COLLECT? We collect, use, and are responsible for certain personal information about you, that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with you, or that which could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.
We collect, and have collected personal information about Our visitors within the preceding 12 months in the following categories and for the noted 
purposes:


































Categories of Personal Information
Collected?
Categories of Sources from which Collected
Business or Commercial Purpose for which Each Category Will be UsedIdentifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiersYesSite.
Third party data analytics providersAdvertising/marketing.
Update internal database.
Analytics.
Connect you with the services featured on the Site.
Track consumer interaction (counting ad impressions, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, etc.).
Short-term, transient use.
and Legal complianceAny categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of Sec.
1798.80MYesSite.
Third party data analytics providersAdvertising/marketing.
Update internal database.
Analytics.
Connect you with the services featured on the Site.
Track consumer interaction (counting ad impressions, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, etc.).
Short-term, transient use.
and Legal complianceCharacteristics of protected classifications under California or federal lawYesSite.
Third party data analytics providersAdvertising/marketing.
Update internal database.
Analytics.
Connect you with the services featured on the Site.
Track consumer interaction (counting ad impressions, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, etc.).
Short-term, transient use.
and Legal complianceCommercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendenciesYesSite.
Third party data analytics providersAdvertising/marketing.
Update internal database.
Analytics.
Connect you with the services featured on the Site.
Track consumer interaction (counting ad impressions, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, etc.).
Short-term, transient use.
and Legal complianceBiometric informationNoN/AN/AInternet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisementYesSite.
Third party data analytics providersAdvertising/marketing.
Update internal database;
Analytics;
Connect you with the services featured on the Site;
Track consumer interaction (counting ad impressions, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, etc.);
Short-term, transient use.
and
Legal compliance Geolocation information
Yes
Site;
Third party data analytics providers

Advertising/marketing;
Update internal database;
Analytics;
Connect you with the services featured on the Site;
Track consumer interaction (counting ad impressions, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, etc.);
Short-term, transient use.
and
Legal compliance Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information
No
N/A
N/A Professional or employment-related information
No
N/A
N/A Education information, defined as information that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C.
Sec.
1232g.
34 C.F.R.
Part 99)
No
N/A
N/A Inferences drawn from any of the information identified in this subdivision to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Yes
Site;
Third party data analytics providers

Advertising/marketing;
Update internal database;
Analytics;
Connect you with the services featured on the Site;
Track consumer interaction (counting ad impressions, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, etc.);
Short-term, transient use.
and
Legal compliance 

As noted in the above chart, We collect the above personal information directly from you via the Site, and from your interactions with the Site, including any personal information which you provide directly or indirectly.

(a) INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US VIA THE SITE. We collect any personal information which you submit directly to the Site, including any information input through the Site’s webform used to subscribe to receive communications from Us, and or inquiries regarding the services provided via the Site.
Such personal information includes information that enables Us to identify or contact users, and includes, among other things, the user’s full name, address, telephone number and e-mail address.
Further, to the extent that you contact Us through the Site, We also collect the personal information that you submit in conjunction with your communication, including but not limited to your name and email address.

(b) COOKIES AND TRACKING PIXELS ON THE SITE. We use and store cookies and tracking pixels on the Site, as described further, to facilitate and customize your use of the Site.
A cookie is a small data text file, which is stored on your computer’s hard drive (if your web browser permits) that can later be retrieved to identify you to Us.
The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies can later be retrieved to identify you to Us.
Personal information that We store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
We use the standard 'cookies' feature of major browser applications that allows Us to store a small piece of data on your computer about your visit to our Site.
Cookies help Us learn which areas of our Site are useful, which areas need improvement, and to deliver personalized advertisements on Our Site and other websites.


Tracking pixels (also known as web beacons, 1x1 pixels, or clear GIFs) are code requiring a call back to a server to render, and which deliver information to Us about your IP address and information from your browser.
Cookies and tracking pixels are used to track your interaction with the Site, including clicks.
Cookies and tracking pixels may collect information about you, such as your IP address, your domain name, your browser type and version, operating system, software and platform, your Internet service provider, geographic location, the area code and zip code associated with your server, time zone setting, the date and time of your visit, the time spent on the Site, referring and exit domain names and websites, screen resolutions, color capabilities, browser plug-ins, language settings, cookie preferences, search engine keywords, and click stream data.
We may also collect information on any links you click through the Site through the use of tracking pixels.

Your choices: The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer.
However, if you choose to disable this function, your experience at our Site may be diminished and some features may not work as they were intended.
In the event that your browser requests that We do not track you or store a cookie, unless otherwise required by law to honor the requests, We do not guarantee that Our Site will honor such requests.
Please note that We do not guarantee that the Site will work properly in the event that you elect to opt out of Our tracking or use of cookies.


Notwithstanding any other provision in this Policy, in visiting this Site, a third-party advertiser (or its partners) may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser, or utilize tracking pixels.
These third party cookies and tracking pixels may collect personal information, in the course of advertising on or through the Site.
These cookies enable more customized ads, content or services to be provided to you.
To trigger these cookies, We may pass an encrypted or 'hashed' (non-human readable) identifier corresponding to your email address to a Web advertising partner, who may place a cookie on your computer.
Third party publishers may utilize their own cookies and tracking pixels, as noted below.
To opt-out of these cookies, please go to http://www.privacychoice.org/companies or http://www.aboutads.info/choices.


(c) COOKIES AND TRACKING PIXELS IN OUR EMAILS. Apart from use of the above technologies on Our Site, We automatically collect information when an individual opens one of Our emails, through the use of cookies and tracking pixels.
We also automatically collect information on whether the individual clicked on any links within such emails.
Third party publishers may also automatically collect information when an individual opens an email promoting the Site or clicks on a link included in such email, through the use of cookies and tracking pixels.
To the extent that you click on a third party advertisement, or a particular product or service featured on the Site or in any email communication or newsletter, We and the applicable third party collect information on which link you clicked.
We may receive compensation from third party lead aggregators, lead purchasers, and/or advertisers based on based on clicks, leads, and/or purchases generated through the Site and through any related emails.
If you request to unsubscribe from receiving emails, We and Our third party publishers may add your email address to Our suppression file, to comply with CAN-SPAM.

(d) THIRD PARTIES. In addition to the above, We also may collect information through third party data analytics providers.



USE AND SHARING OF INFORMATION



WHAT DOES COMPANY DO WITH COLLECTED PERSONAL INFORMATION?


(a) PROVIDE THE SITES. With your consent, We use the personal information We gather on the Site to connect individuals with the featured services.
This may include passing the individual’s information on to third parties, which include lead aggregators, lead purchasers, and/or advertisers in Our network to process and fulfill requests submitted through the Site for the featured services.
We may use your personal information to verify your identity, to check your qualifications, or to follow up with transactions initiated on the Site.
We may also use your contact information to inform you of any changes to the Site, or to send you additional information about Us.


(b) TELEMARKETING, SMS, AND EMAIL. If you give your permission during the account registration process, We may send you marketing/promotional materials.
By giving your permission during the account registration process, you expressly consent to receive such promotional materials from various media channels, including but not limited to, SMS messaging (standard carrier text messaging charges will apply) and email, even if you are listed on a state, federal, or corporate “Do Not Call” list and/or Do Not Email registry.
You may opt out at any time be replying ‘stop’ to any SMS messages or by clicking ‘unsubscribe’ on any email message.
Entering your phone number is optional and not required to access any other areas of Our Sites.


This site is compliant with the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (47 U.S.C.
Sec.
227), as implemented by the Federal Communications Commission.
By entering the information requested in the prompts and/or fields on the Site, checking the box, and clicking “VIEW AVAILABLE FUNDS” and submitting your request to Us, you agree that you are 18+ years old, and that you have read and agree to this Privacy Policy and the Terms (including the arbitration provision and class action waiver), and provide your electronic signature expressly consenting to the transfer of your personal information and to receive promotional offers, emails, calls, mail, and text message offers and communications from Company and Our marketing partners and their representatives and agents, including through the use of automatic telephone dialing systems, recurring auto-dialers, artificial voice, and pre-recorded messages, even if your phone is a mobile number or is currently listed on any state, federal, or corporate “Do Not Call” list and/or Do Not Email registry regarding the featured products and/or services, or other offers.
The list of marketing partners participating are subject to change.
You understand that there may be a charge by your wireless carrier for such communications.
You understand that your consent is not a condition to utilize Our services.
You understand that your authorization overrides any previous registrations on a federal or state Do Not Call registry.
If you wish to remove your information from the third party’s database, you must contact that party directly.

We may display third party advertisements on the Site and/or in Our emails, including those from third party lead aggregators, lead purchasers, and/or advertisers.
We use the information collected through the Site to track your access and interaction with the Site and with any third party advertisements featured on the Site.
We may share the information collected through your use of the Site with Our third party lead aggregators, lead purchasers, advertisers, and/or email publishers.
We and Our third party lead aggregators, lead purchasers, advertisers, and/or publishers may collect and use personal information about you obtained through cookies and tracking pixels implemented on the Site, including the keywords leading you to the Site and the referring website address and whether you responded to a particular advertisement featured on the Site, and which third party advertisements and links you click through the Site.
We and Our third party lead aggregators, lead purchasers, advertisers, and/or publishers also automatically collect information when an individual opens an email marketing the Site, through the use of cookies and tracking pixels.
As noted above, in the event that your web browser requests that We do not track you or store a cookie, unless otherwise required by law to do so, We do not guarantee that Our Site will honor such requests.


(b) USE OF COOKIES. We may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, to save your password so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit Our site, or for other purposes.
Promotions or advertisements displayed on Our Site may contain cookies.
We do not have access to or control over information collected by third parties on our Site.

(c) THIRD PARTIES. As noted in the chart, in addition to collecting personal information through the Site, we also collect personal information through third party data analytics providers.

WITH WHOM DOES COMPANY SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?


We may share information in all of the above categories internally with Our parent company and any subsidiary and affiliated companies.


We may also share the information in the following categories: “identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers” and “any categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of Sec.
1798.80” with Our third party lead aggregators, lead purchasers, advertising networks, advertisers, email service providers, data hygiene companies, internet service providers, data analytics providers, operating systems and platforms, and social networks.


We may share information in all of the above categories with Our third party email publishers for the purpose of tracking their clicks/conversions.
Also, if you request to unsubscribe from receiving email newsletters from Us, We may share your email address with Our marketing partners, including email publishers, to effectuate your request to unsubscribe and to comply with CAN-SPAM.

Also, on occasion, We may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide personal information to the appropriate governmental authorities.
We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Company or its parent company, subsidiaries or affiliates, (2) protect and defend the rights or property of Company or the users of the Site, or (3) act under exigent circumstances to protect the safety of the public or users of the Site.

In the event of a merger, acquisition, or sale of Our business, your personal information may also be transferred.
In order to accommodate changes in Our business, We may sell or buy portions of Our Company or other companies or assets, including the personal information collected through this Site.
In the event We become the subject of an insolvency proceeding, whether voluntary or involuntary, We or Our liquidator, administrator, receiver or administrative receiver may sell, license or otherwise dispose of, such personal information in a transaction approved by the court.

Your personal information may be transferred to and maintained on computers located outside of your state, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States, please note that the personal information We collect through the Site may be processed in and outside of the United States.
We will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and that no transfer takes place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

SECURITY. The Site has security measures in place to prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information that We obtain from you, but We make no assurances about Our ability to prevent any such loss, misuse, to you or to any third party arising out of any such loss, misuse, or alteration.
No method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
As a result, you acknowledge that there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet which are beyond Our control.
the security, integrity and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and Us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
and any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third party.
We make no warranty, express, implied, or otherwise, regarding the security of the Site and your personal information.

WEBSITE AREAS BEYOND COMPANY’S CONTROL


PUBLIC FORUMS. The Site may include interactive forums such as message boards and chat rooms.
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.

THIRD PARTY WEBSITES. The Site may contain links to other websites.
If you choose to visit other websites, We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those other websites, and it is your responsibility to review the privacy policies at those websites to confirm that you understand and agree with their policies.
We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties or their sites.
Additionally, third party lead aggregators, lead purchasers, advertisers, and publishers may collect personal information about you when you view or click on advertising or links displayed on the Site or in communications, through the use of cookies and tracking pixels.
We cannot control this collection of such personal information.
You should contact these third parties directly if you have any questions about their use of the personal information that they collect.

CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS – YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS


California Rights Under Shine the Light


Under California’s Shine the Light law (California Civil Code Sec.
1789.83), California residents have the right to request, once a year, information on the types of personal information We have shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year.
and the names and addresses of third parties with whom We have shared the personal information.
You have agreed to allow Us to share information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes until you request to opt-out of such sharing.
California customers may request further information about Our compliance with this law by contacting Us via email at info@FindUnclaimedAssets.
Please note that We are only required to respond to one request per customer each year, and We are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this email address.

California Rights Under the CCPA


In addition, if you are a California resident under the meaning of Sec.
17014 of Title 18 of the Cal.
Code of Regulations, your use of the Site is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), and all final, implementing regulations.
Under the CCPA, up to twice in a twelve (12) month period, a consumer has the right to request that a business disclose what personal information it collects, uses, discloses, and sells.
Information regarding Our collection and disclosure practices are detailed herein, in addition to instructions on how to exercise your rights regarding your personal information.

What Personal Information Do We Collect?


We collect, use, and are responsible for certain personal information about you, that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with you, or that which could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.
Information on the personal information that We collect, and have collected about Our visitors within the preceding 12 months are detailed above under the “WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DOES THE COMPANY COLLECT?” heading.

What Personal Information Do We Disclose?


Within the preceding 12 months, We have disclosed personal information to the third parties identified under the “WITH WHOM DOES COMPANY SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?” heading above.
More specifically, We may disclose personal information in all of the above categories internally with Our parent company and any subsidiary and affiliated companies.
We may disclose information in all of the above categories to Our third party email publishers for the purpose of tracking their clicks/conversions.
Also, if you request to unsubscribe from receiving email newsletters from Us, We may share your email address with Our marketing partners, including email publishers, to effectuate your request to unsubscribe and to comply with CAN-SPAM.

We may also disclose your personal information in any of the above categories if required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide personal information to the appropriate governmental authorities.
We may disclose personal information in any of the above categories if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Company or its parent company, subsidiaries or affiliates, (2) protect and defend the rights or property of Company or the users of the Site, or (3) act under exigent circumstances to protect the safety of the public or users of the Site.

What Personal Information Do We Sell?


We disclose for a business purpose and sell personal information in the above noted categories to the third parties identified under the “WITH WHOM DOES COMPANY SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?” heading above.
More specifically, We may sell the information in the following categories: “identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers” and “any categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of Sec.
1798.80” to Our third party lead aggregators, lead purchasers, advertising networks, advertisers, email service providers, data hygiene companies, internet service providers, data analytics providers, operating systems and platforms, and social networks.


Also, in the event of a merger, acquisition, or sale of Our business, your personal information may also be transferred.
In order to accommodate changes in Our business, we may sell or buy portions of Our Company or other companies or assets, including the personal information collected through this Site.
In the event We become the subject of an insolvency proceeding, whether voluntary or involuntary, We or Our liquidator, administrator, receiver or administrative receiver may sell, license or otherwise dispose of, such personal information in a transaction approved by the court.

We do not have any actual knowledge of the sale of personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
There are no financial incentives to disclose.

Your Right to Request to Know and How to Submit a Verified Request to Know


A “request to know” is a request related to the personal information that a business has about such consumer.
It may include a request for any or all of the following from Us:
1.
specific pieces of personal information that We have collected about you;
2.
categories of personal information that We have collected about you;
3.
categories of sources from which the personal information was collected;
4.
categories of personal information that We have sold or disclosed for a business purpose about you;
5.
categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or disclosed for a business purpose.
and
6.
the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information.

The CCPA permits requests to know from the same consumer up to twice in a twelve (12) month period.

To submit a request to know, please email Us at info@FindUnclaimedAssets.
To process your request, We may require that you submit the following information in conjunction with your request: a California address and email address.
The information which you provide will be used to verify your request and to attempt to identify you within Our data records.
If you elect to use an authorized agent to exercise your right to submit a request for information, We may require that the authorized agent provide proof that the consumer gave them signed permission to submit the request.
In addition, We may also require that the consumer directly verify their identity and directly confirm that they provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request on their behalf.
The information which is submitted in conjunction with the request to know will be used for the express purposes of verification and providing responsive information to the request, if required.

Your Right to Request Deletion and How to Submit a Verified Request to Delete


You have the right to request the deletion of any personal information which We have collected about you.
To submit a verifiable request to delete, please email Us at info@FindUnclaimedAssets.
To process your request, We may require that you submit the following information in conjunction with your request: a California address and email address.
The information which you provide will be used to verify your request and to attempt to identify you within Our data records.
If you elect to use an authorized agent to exercise your right to submit a request for deletion, We may require that the authorized agent provide proof that the consumer gave them signed permission to submit the request.
In addition, We may also require that the consumer directly verify their identity and directly confirm that they provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request on their behalf.
The information which you submit in conjunction with your request to delete will be used for the express purposes of verification and fulfilling your request, if required.
The information which is submitted in conjunction with the request to delete will be used for the express purposes of verification and fulfilling the request, if required.

We utilize a two-step process for online requests to delete, whereby you first submit your request to delete, and second, you separately confirm that you want your personal information deleted.

To the extent that your personal information is necessary for Us to maintain for a reason delineated in Cal.
Civ.
Code Sec.
1798.105(d), including but not limited to complete a transaction for which the personal information was collected, provide a good or service you have requested, detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, debug, etc., or to comply with a legal obligation, We are not required to comply with your request for deletion.
For instance, We are not required to delete personal information which is necessary to maintain suppression files for those individuals who have opted out of receiving email marketing from Us.
If We are unable to verify your request, We will notify you as well.

Your Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information and How to Submit a Verified Request to Opt-Out


You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information.
You have the right to direct a business that sells (or may in the future sell) your personal information to stop selling your personal information, and to refrain from doing so in the future.

Our homepage features a “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link, through which you can submit your request to opt-out of the sale of your personal information.
You may also email Us at info@FindUnclaimedAssets to submit your request to opt-out of the sale of your personal information.
In conjunction with your request, We may request that you provide a California address and email address to verify and process your request.


The information which you provide will be used to verify your request and to attempt to identify you within Our data records.
If you elect to use an authorized agent to exercise your right to submit a request to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, We may require that the authorized agent provide proof of your signed permission demonstrating that the authorized agent has been authorized to act on your behalf.
The information which you submit in conjunction with your request to opt-out will be used for the express purposes of verification and complying with the opt-out request, if required.

Your Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of Your Privacy Rights


California affords consumers with the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by a business for the exercise of their privacy rights conferred by the CCPA.
This means that you cannot be denied goods or services.
be charged different prices or rates.
be provided with a different level or quality of goods or services.
or have it suggested that you will receive a different price or rate or different level or quality of goods or services.
However, a business may offer a financial incentive or price or service difference if it is reasonably related to the value of the consumer’s data.
A business shall notify consumers of any financial incentive or price or service difference.

POLICY UPDATES AND CHANGES.


We reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this Policy, simply by posting such change, update, or modification on the Site and without any other notice to you.
Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site.
It is your responsibility to review this Policy from time to time to ensure that you continue to agree with all of its terms.


Click Here to Contact Us

Want to unsubscribe from Our mailing list? Click here to go to Our unsubscribe page where you can unsubscribe from receiving any more email from Us or any of Our affiliates.

All Content Copyright © FindUnclaimedAssets

