
        
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated on January 1, 2020.
This Privacy Policy describes our policies on the collection, use, and disclosure of your information in connection with your use of our websites, emails, and mobile applications ("Site").
The terms "we", "us", and "FMGF" refer to Find Me Gluten Free, a brand of Gluten Free Classes, LLC, an Illinois Limited Liability Company.
When you use the Site, you consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
I.
INFORMATION YOU SUBMIT
We may store the information you submit to or through the Site.
We use the information to fulfill your requests, provide Site functionality, improve Site quality, personalize your experience, display relevant advertising, provide customer support, message you, back up our systems, allow for disaster recovery, and comply with legal obligations.
Among the information you submit to or through the Site, please note:
a.
Account Registration: You must provide a valid email address in order to sign up for an Account on the Site.
In addition, you may provide us with your full name, gender, and birth date.
When you sign up for a FMGF account, we opt you in to receive certain messages from FMGF.
You can opt out by emailing us.

b.
Public Content: Your reviews, tips, photos, check-ins, message board posts, bookmarks, friends, lists, compliments, account profile (including your first name and last initial, but excluding your other account registration information), and other content you post to the Site are meant for public consumption.
We may display this content on the Site, and further distribute it to a wider audience through third party sites and services.
II.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
In addition to the information you submit to or through the Site, we also collect and store information from and about you in the course of your use of the Site.
We use this information to analyze and track user behavior, personalize your experience, associate it with other information about you, provide the functionality and improve the quality of the Site, and may use it to display relevant advertising.
For example: We may use cookies, web beacons, local shared objects (sometimes called "flash cookies"), and similar technology in connection with your use of the Site ("Cookies").
Cookies may have unique identifiers, and reside, among other places, on your computer, in emails we send to you, and on our web pages.
Cookies may transmit information about you and your use of the Site, such as your browser type, search preferences, data relating to advertisements that have been displayed to you or that you have clicked on, and the date and time of your use.
You can disable some (but not all) Cookies in your device or browser settings, but doing so may affect your ability to use the Site.
III.
THIRD PARTIES
We do not rent, share, sell or trade personally identifiable information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
That said, we work with third parties and they may have access to some of your information:
a.
Advertising: We allow third parties who provide advertising services to track their advertisements, ratings and reviews on the site.
However, we do not allow third parties to use cookies in connection with such advertising.
b.
Service Providers: We outsource some of our technical and customer support, tracking and reporting functions, quality assurance testing, payment processing functions, and other services to third parties.
We may share information from or about you with them so that they can perform their services.
c.
Aggregate Information: We may share user information in the aggregate with third parties, such as advertisers and content distributors.
For example, we may disclose the number of users that have been exposed to, or clicked on, advertisements.
d.
Business Transfers: We may share information from or about you with subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control, in which case we will require them to honor this Privacy Policy.
If another company acquires FMGF or all or substantially all of our assets, that company will possess the same information, and will assume the rights and obligations with respect to that information as described in this Privacy Policy.
e.
Investigations: We may investigate and disclose information from or about you if we have a good faith belief that such investigation or disclosure is (a) reasonably necessary to comply with legal process and law enforcement instructions and orders, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, judicial proceeding, or other legal process served on us.
(b) helpful to prevent, investigate, or identify possible wrongdoing in connection with the Site.
or (c) protect our rights, reputation, property, or that of our users affiliates, or the public.
f.
Links: The Site may contain links to unaffiliated third party websites.
Except as set forth herein, we do not share your personal information with them, and are not responsible for their privacy practices.
We suggest you read the privacy policies on all such third party websites.
IV.
CONTROLLING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Other users may be able to identify you, or associate you with your user account if you include personal information in your Public Content.
You can reduce the risk of being personally identified by using the Site pseudonymously, though doing so could detract from the credibility of your contributions to the Site.
Users can also use the Member Search feature to find one another based on their names or email addresses.
You can opt-out of this feature.
V.
DATA RETENTION AND ACCOUNT TERMINATION
The information we obtain from or about you may be processed and stored in the United States of America.
We may keep it as long as is permitted or required under the law.
If you terminate your account, we will remove your Public Content from the Site, but may retain your data for a period of 5 years (or longer if required by law) in our active systems in order to ensure our ability to satisfy the authorized uses under this Privacy Policy.
For example, we may use retained data to prevent, investigate, or identify possible wrongdoing in connection with the Site or to comply with legal obligations.
Please note that information may exist in backup storage even after it has been removed from our active databases.
You can request that your account be terminated.
When logged into your account, you can remove or edit reviews that you have uploaded to the Site by clicking on the respective links below the review.
VI.
CHILDREN
The Site is intended for general audiences and is not directed to children under 13.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.
If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, please contact us.
If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information without parental consent, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child's account.
VII.
SECURITY
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
No method of transmission over the Internet or via mobile device, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.
Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
VIII.
DISPUTE RESOLUTION
If you believe that FMGF has not adhered to this Privacy Policy you may write to the FMGF Privacy Officer at the following address:

Gluten Free Media Group
Attn: Privacy Officer
900 Ogden Ave.
#132
Downers Grove, IL 60515
United States of America

IX.
MODIFICATIONS TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time.
The most current version of the Privacy Policy will govern our use of your information.
If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by email or by posting a notice on the Site prior to the effective date of the changes.
By continuing to access or use the Site after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
