
         Skip to main content 
 Products 
 Coupons and offers 
 Dishwashing Guide 
 Dishwasher Benefits 
 Skip the rinse 
 Buy Now Buy Now 
 Products 
 Coupons and offers 
 Dishwashing Guide 
 Dishwasher Benefits 
 Skip the rinse 
 Search 
 Search 
 Terms and conditions 

THIS SITE IS ONLY OPEN TO RESIDENTS OF THE UNITED STATES




This World Wide Web Site is operated by Reckitt Benckiser LLC ("Reckitt Benckiser").



Access to and use of this site and all Reckitt Benckiser sites (hereinafter defined as "Site / Sites") are subject to the following terms and conditions and all applicable laws.
By viewing this Site, you agree to its terms.
if you do not agree to its terms, do not view this Site.
Our Sites may contain additional terms and conditions that shall be applicable to the use of those Sites.
In the event that there is any conflict between the terms and conditions contained herein and the additional terms on any of our Sites then these terms shall take precedence.
Reckitt Benckiser reserves the right to revise these terms and conditions and/or to terminate without notice access to the Sites at any time.
You should check the Sites from time to time to check the then current Legal Notice and other additional terms and conditions, because they are binding on you.



You may browse this Site for personal entertainment and information.
You may download on one computer or print any material on the Site for your own non-commercial, educational, private or domestic use only.
However, you may not distribute, modify, transmit or revise the contents of this Site without written permission of Reckitt Benckiser.
You may not link to the Site from a third party site without our prior written permission.



Unless otherwise stated, the copyright and other intellectual property rights in all material on the Site (including without limitation photographs and graphical images) are owned by Reckitt Benckiser or its licensors.
Neither title nor intellectual property rights are transferred to any third party through the use or access to this Site.
rather, all rights, title, and interest in and to all aspects of this Site remain the sole property of Reckitt Benckiser or its licensors.
The Reckitt Benckiser Sites are protected under copyright and other applicable laws.
If you breach any of the terms in this Legal Notice or any Sites, your permission to use the Sites automatically terminates.
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.



The material on the Site is provided without any conditions, warranties, representations or other terms of any kind.
Reckitt Benckiser makes no warranties or representations about the accuracy or completeness of the content of this Site or any site(s) "hot-linked" to this Site.
Reckitt Benckiser may make changes to content at any time without notice.
The material on the Site may be out of date and Reckitt Benckiser makes no commitment to update such material.
Accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted by law, Reckitt Benckiser provides you with the Site on the basis that Reckitt Benckiser excludes all representations, warranties, conditions, and other terms, which, but for this Legal Notice might have effect in relation to the Site.



Reckitt Benckiser (including any of its affiliates and any officers, directors, employees, shareholders or agents of Reckitt Benckiser and its affiliates) shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages arising out of: (a) the ability (or inability) to access this Site, (b) the use (or inability to use) any content of this Site, or (c) the content of any site(s) "hot-linked" to this Site.
In addition, Reckitt Benckiser does not warrant that this Site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components.
you (and not Reckitt Benckiser) assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair, or correction and any award in any related proceedings shall be limited to monetary damage and shall include no injunction or direction to any party other than the direction to pay a monetary amount.



By posting or transmitting to this Site over the Internet you are warranting to Reckitt Benckiser that the material is and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary.
By transmitting or posting any communication or material to this Site you agree that Reckitt Benckiser and any of its affiliates may use your communication and/or material for any purpose, including reproduction, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting.
Reckitt Benckiser is under no obligation to respond to messages posted to this Site, nor need Reckitt Benckiser provide any compensation for any such communication and/or material.
Please be aware that applicable national law governs the type of material that can be posted to a website.
and you must not contravene any such laws including those that prohibit threatening, libellous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, indecent or profane material, or post any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offence or in contravention of any other applicable law.



Reckitt Benckiser is unable to and accepts no responsibility to review communications or materials posted to its Sites.
However, Reckitt Benckiser does reserve the right, using its sole discretion, to remove any communications or materials that it considers unacceptable for whatever reason.



Reckitt Benckiser only purports to use names, logos or marks appearing in this Site in those territories in which it or its affiliates are entitled to do so, whether by virtue of pending or registered trademarks, licenses, or otherwise.
For the avoidance of doubt, Reckitt Benckiser does not purport to use any name, logo or mark in any territory in which it is not so entitled, and will not supply or offer to supply products and/or services bearing any such name, logo or mark into any such territory.
The use or misuse of these trademarks or any other content on this Site, except as provided in these terms and conditions or in the Site content, is strictly prohibited.



These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the applicable laws of the United States and the State of New Jersey, without regard to conflict of laws provisions.
By accessing and using this Site, you consent to the jurisdiction of the courts of New Jersey as well as legal proceedings in those courts.

If you have questions or concerns, please contact us at consumer.relations@rb.com or use our Contact Us Form.

PRODUCT INFORMATION Sustainability CUSTOMER SUPPORT ABOUT US CORPORATE INFO CAREERS SITEMAP MEDIA &amp.
PRESS TERMS &amp.
CONDITIONS COOKIES POLICY PRIVACY POLICY DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION Finish is a brand of
*More dishwasher brands recommend Finish products worldwide than any other brand.
Recommendations as part of co-marketing agreements.
Â© 2020 Reckitt Benckiser We and our partners use cookies on this site to improve functionality, personalise browsing experience, analyse traffic, and for marketing and personalised advertising.
See our cookie policy for details.
Manage Preferences Close Cookie Preferences 
      