
         Privacy and Cookie Policy Effective 01/09/2010
We are committed to protecting your privacy.
That is because we base our business on the trust you place in us.
This policy describes our practices regarding personal and account information collected through our Web site.
In this policy, “personal and account information” means your name, company name, account number, address, telephone number, and e-mail address plus any other information that personally identifies you, including your industry, the number of employees at your company, and purchase history, or would permit us to contact you.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy from time to time.
the effective date noted above will indicate the date that this policy was last updated.
You should visit our Web site periodically to review any changes.
Information We Collect and How It Is Used
As is true of most Web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files.
This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
We do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information.
In order to process transactions we collect customers name, address, phone number, and credit card information.
This information is collected by a shopping cart service and is shared only within our corporation.
Once we receive this information all credit card information is deleted from the shopping cart service.
If you request additional information or make an online purchase from us, you may receive email from us about online specials and other events.
If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, please let us know by sending email to us at the below address and telling us that you do not want to receive email from our company.
Alternatively, you can use the unsubscribe mechanism within any email received from barracudastore.com.
We respect your privacy and do not sell or trade email addresses with other companies.
If you supply us with your postal address online you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events.
If you do not want to receive mail from us in the future, please let us know by contacting us.
Third Party Sharing
We do not share personally identifiable data with third parties for unknown or unrelated uses.
Agents
We use an outside shipping company to fulfill orders, and a credit card processing company to bill you for goods and services.
These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any other purposes.
These agents are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any other purpose.
Updating Your Information
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about them, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them.
Consumers can access or have this information corrected by contacting us or accessing their account online.
Choice/Opt-out
We provide you the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes, when we ask for this information.
For example, if you purchase a product/service but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us, you can indicate your preference on our order form.
If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication or by contacting us.
Alternatively, you may contact us at the address below.
You will be notified when your personal information is collected by any third party that is not our agent/service provider, so you can make an informed choice as to whether or not to share your information with that party.
Security
We use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site.
When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server.
We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our website.
Use of Cookies/Web Beacons
We use cookies to record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart.
We employ a third party to track demographics which uses a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a.
Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective.
Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users.
In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence.
We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers' personally identifiable information.
We use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients.
This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.
If you would like to opt-out of these emails, please see "Choice and Opt-out." We use a third-party tracking service that uses cookies to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site to help us provide better content and marketing.
Ad Servers
We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
Links to Other Sites
Our website may occasionally contain links to other websites.
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites.
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our website and to read the privacy statements of every website that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies solely to this website.
Notice of Changes
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently.
If we make material changes to this statement, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page.
Business Transitions
In the event that we go through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred.
You will be notified via email and/or prominent notice on our Web site for 30 days of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information.
Legal Disclaimer
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site Additional Questions? If you have any questions regarding our privacy practices, please send us an email to the email address listed below.
Our Postal Address is:
Firewalls.com
9449 Priority Way West Drive, Suite 225
Indianapolis, IN 46240
