
         Firewalls.com Shipping Policy Shipping Destinations
We currently ship to any address in the United States &amp.
Canada, excluding APOs, FPOs, &amp.
PO Boxes.
At this time, we do not ship to destinations outside the United States or Canada, but may expand our business to include international destinations in the future.
Shipping Methods
Our goal is to offer you the fastest &amp.
lowest-cost shipping methods possible.
We use several shipping carriers including United Parcel Service (UPS) &amp.
Federal Express.
We will automatically choose the lowest-priced carrier when you submit your order so that you receive the best possible price &amp.
delivery time.
We do require a signature for UPS shipments on large purchases, for your protection.
Some oversized or special handling orders will need to be shipped via Common Carrier.
The shipping charge &amp.
approximate shipping time will be noted at Checkout.
Delivery of oversized or special handling orders will require an adult signature at the time of delivery.
Shipping Locations
We use six shipping centers across the United States to maximize product availability &amp.
minimize the time it takes for you to receive your order.
Split Shipments
For multiple-item orders, we attempt to ship the whole order from the location closest to you.
This is not always possible due to the items ordered, availability of the parts, &amp.
the time it takes to receive some special order items from a manufacturer.
When it is not possible to ship your entire order from a shipping center closest to you, we will split the order&amp.
ship from multiple shipping centers.
At this time, we do not offer the option to hold all items for same-time delivery.
Shipment Delivery Time
Your expected delivery date is determined by the date of shipment from our shipping centers &amp.
the shipping preference specified.
Your expected delivery date will be presented to you at the time of your order.
Your purchase of in-stock products will be shipped on the day you order if we receive your order prior to 3:00 PM (Eastern Standard Time), Monday through Friday, not including standard business holidays.
Orders received after 3:00 PM local time will be shipped the following business day.
Special orders &amp.
out-of-stock products may require additional time prior to shipment.
Your expected delivery date will be presented to you at the time of your order.
If shipment of your order is delayed, Firewalls.com will notify you via email.
Shipping Charges
Your shipping charge will be based on the weight of your order, distance shipped, &amp.
the method you choose when ordering.
This includes items shipped in multiple boxes or from multiple locations.
We charge standard UPS rates with no markup.
Orders Damaged in Shipping
If you believe a package purchased from Firewalls.com was damaged in transit, please refuse shipment &amp.
tell the carrier that you are refusing delivery because the package is damaged.
Contact Firewalls.com immediately to inform us of the situation.
If you are not present at the time of delivery &amp.
cannot refuse shipment, please contact us to make arrangements to return the damaged order.
Shipping Refunds
Your original shipping charge will only be refunded for products sent to you in error, a defective product, or an order damaged in shipping.
This refund will automatically be credited once we receive &amp.
inspect the product.
If only a portion of your order is returned, the refund for shipping costs will be prorated.
Firewalls.com will also pay for return shipping for products that were sent in error, received defective, or damaged in shipping.
If you believe you qualify &amp.
would like us to pay for return shipping, you must contact Firewalls.com before attempting to return the merchandise.
COD shipments will not be accepted.

