
         Firefox Relay (Beta) Privacy Notice Effective June 23, 2020 Firefox Relay allows you to keep your primary email address safe and private from online services by making unique, random (alias) email addresses.
When Mozilla receives information from you, our Mozilla Privacy Policy describes how we handle that information. Information We Collect

Firefox Account information. This service requires a Firefox Account, which sends Mozilla your email address, locale, and IP address.
Firefox Relay maintains a copy of your account information to provide the service, in particular to associate your primary email address with your alias email address(es).

Email messages. To forward your email messages from your alias email address(es) to your primary email address, Firefox Relay processes your email messages.
We do not read or store any of the content in your messages, and all email messages are deleted after they’re delivered to you.

Interaction data. Mozilla receives data from interactions with Firefox Relay, such as when you click on “sign up” or “add to Firefox” buttons, and when you create, disable, or delete an alias email address.

Technical data. Mozilla receives basic information from Firefox Relay about your device and browser, including browser version, language, device operating system, and hardware configuration.
Read the telemetry documentation for Firefox Relay.
You can opt-out of telemetry collection by turning on the Do Not Track (DNT) feature in your browser.
 Information We Share
Firefox Relay shares information with a third party to provide the service to you.
Mozilla has contracted with this company requiring them to protect your information.
Here’s who we use to support Firefox Relay:
Amazon Simple Email Service.
Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES) is a cloud-based email sending service.
Firefox Relay uses Amazon SES to receive emails sent to your alias email address(es) and to forward them to the primary email address associated with your Firefox account.
Only Mozilla knows the association between your primary email address and your alias email address(es).
