
         Firewalls.com Return Policy Return Policy

We offer a 30 day return policy on selected items based on manufacturer return policies.
All returned products are subject to a 15% restocking fee.
Customer handles shipping charges on returned items.
For your protection, we strongly recommend you fully insure your return shipment in case it is lost or damaged, and use a carrier that can provide you with proof of delivery.
Defective merchandise must be returned to the manufacturer directly.
Discrepancies between what was ordered and what was received must be brought to our attention within 3 business days of order receipt.
Returns must meet the requirements below to qualify for approval.

Return Requirements
To qualify for an RMA (Return Merchandise Authorization) approval, all returned products must:

Be factory sealed
Contain all original boxes and packing materials
Have original UPC codes on the manufacturer boxes
Contain all manuals, blank warranty cards, and other accessories/documentation provided by the manufacturer

Return Request Submission
To return a product, please submit a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) using our online form found in your Firewalls.com account, or by contacting us at customerservice@firewalls.com.
No returns of any type will be accepted without an approved RMA number.
License Return Policy
Due to the nature of software, software license, and activation codes, returns on these products are strictly prohibited by all manufacturers.
Damaged Product Upon Delivery
If merchandise arrives damaged, it is best to refuse the shipment back to the carrier attempting delivery.
If you accept the package make sure the damage is noted on the carrier's delivery record (take a picture of the damage as well).
Save the merchandise and the original box and packaging it arrived in, then contact us immediately to arrange for a carrier inspection and a pickup of damaged merchandise.
If you do not notify us of damaged goods within the first 3 days of arrival, our regular return policy will override any claim of damage, and the item(s) will fall under all current manufacturer restrictions.
Wrong Product Ordered
You are fully responsible for what you order.
We cannot be held liable for products you purchase that do not work in your environment.
We try to provide updated information as much as is possible, but please default directly to the manufacturer's website for official product details.
Pricing Disclaimer
All pricing subject to change.
For all prices, products and offers, we reserves the right to make adjustments due to changing market conditions, product discontinuation, manufacturer price changes, errors in advertisements and other extenuating circumstances.
