
        You need to enable JavaScript to run this site.FirstLeafGo straight to main content.AboutWine SchoolHelpGiftsWine StoreLog InTake the quizPrivacy PolicyThis policy does not apply to the practices of individuals we do not employ or manage, or to companies we do not own or control, including without limitation the practices of third party websites that you may access through a link on our website.

We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide certain services to you, such as shipping and credit card processing, targeted advertising and partnership marketing.
We also are affiliated with a variety of businesses, including wineries, whose products may be sold to you through our website.
We may need to share some of your personal information with them, but these companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information beyond what is necessary to assist us.
We may share your personal information with third parties that perform marketing services for us, but these parties do not retain, share, store or use this personal information beyond what is necessary to assist us.

No registration is required in order to use this website, though a user must provide personal information prior to completing any purchase.
Personal information includes such items as name, email, phone number and shipping address and financial information such as credit card number, expiration date, billing address and date of birth.
This information is necessary in order for us to contact users to confirm orders, facilitate shipping and billing, and to confirm the customer is of legal age.
if you do not provide all the required information, you will not be able to complete a purchase through our site.
When you place an order on our website, you will be prompted to become a registered user by creating a User Account.
You will be required to provide a password for your User Account, and you may edit it at any time.
The information that you provide upon placing an order will be saved to your user account, and you may edit it at any time: name, date of birth, phone number, and email address.

When our order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted with the best SSL (Secure Socket Layers) encryption.

We automatically receive and store certain types of information about you whenever you visit our site, such as your IP address and cookie information.
This is general information about your location and usage of the site, and we will combine it with any personal information you provide to tell us who you are or what your email address is.
We occasionally use these addresses to send promotional offers and other emails.
If you do not wish to receive email from us, please unsubscribe using the link at the bottom of the email.
Please note that we may send legal notices via email, so if you’ve opted out of receiving correspondence from us, you are responsible for reviewing all legal notices on our website.
We will also send transactional information (if applicable) via email, and you will receive these emails even if you have opted out of receiving other correspondence from us.

We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently.
If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email or by means of a notice on our home page.

We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process served on our Web site.

Personal information that you provide to us may be combined with other personally identifiable information (such as demographic information and transaction history) available from our records and other sources.
This information will be used to make our future marketing efforts more efficient.Need help?1-800-461-7203service@firstleaf.clubOur Member Experience team is available 7 days a week from 9am-8pm ET
How It Works
Our Team
Our Mission
Help
Press
Wine School
Careers
Gifts

Your satisfaction is guaranteed.
If for any reason you're not satisfied with a bottle you receive through the club, we'll give you Firstleaf credit for it (minus shipping), where legal.
All wine is sold by Firstleaf, wineries in Napa and Sonoma County, California.© 2015 - 2021 Firstleaf, Napa and Sonoma County, CA.
CT #LSW.0001017, WA #419814
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
CA Privacy Policy
Accessibility

