
FIS is committed to protecting the privacy and security of all personal information that we process in order to provide services to our clients.
FIS' clients, employees, vendors, partners and visitors provide us with significant amounts of personal information and protecting the privacy and security of this personal information is critical to FIS.
FIS has a Privacy Policy that applies to all affiliates and employees worldwide.
This program helps us ensure that personal information is handled properly.
The Privacy Policy governs personal information collected by FIS for its own purposes as well as information provided to us as a data processor for our clients.
It concerns the protection of information collected online as well as offline.
For specific information on how FIS protects personal information online, as well as information on submitting requests, please see the FIS Online Privacy Notice.
To submit a rights request to access your personal data held by FIS – or to request correction, amendment, portability, or deletion of your personal data – please click here to complete our FIS Data Subject Rights Form.
We have designed this form to help you send FIS a rights request.
These rights may be limited, for example, if fulfilling a request would reveal personal data about another person, or if the processing is required by law or another compelling legitimate interest.
FIS reserves the right, where permitted by law, to verify your identity.
For clients based outside of the United States, their customers’ personal information may be transferred to FIS affiliates and data processers in the United States and elsewhere in the world.
FIS will always protect the privacy and security of this personal information, regardless of where it is processed.
Personal information transfers from the European Economic Area and other countries with data transfer restrictions will be authorized by approved model contracts, or other appropriate means.

FIS is also committed to transparency.
We want everyone to understand how we collect and use personal information so they can interact with FIS with confidence.
The links below can help you find the information you need about privacy and FIS.
If you have any other questions, please contact the Privacy Office at privacyoffice@fisglobal.com.
