
         Code of Conduct Don't forget what your mother told you.
Treat others as you'd like to be treated.
Fitocracy’s goal is to bring a fun experience to all of its users and the quality of our community is a crucial part of ensuring this.
Since Fitocrats come from many different backgrounds, it is important to have a set of community rules in place to ensure that everyone enjoys the Fitocracy experience. 1 The Code In order to create an environment that inspires users to increase their fitness, there are some limitations of how one may or may not use Fitocracy:


Impersonation: You may not impersonate others through Fitocracy in a manner that does or is intended to mislead, confuse, or deceive others

Inappropriate usernames: Usernames must not contain any vulgar material.
“Hidden” vulgarity in one’s username, with the intent of offending others, will also not be tolerated.

Creation of multiple accounts: You may not create multiple accounts on Fitocracy for the intent of “trolling”, harassing, mocking, or antagonizing other users.
Doing this will result in the suspension or deletion of all accounts.

Harassment/Mocking: You may not use your profile information, statuses, workouts, props, comments, and any other similar interactive points on the site to harass or mock other users.

Harassing Groups: You may not join a group on Fitocracy with the intent of harassing other users in that group.

Fake workouts: In order to keep the “game” fair, users may not post fake workouts on the Fitocracy platform.

Posting another user’s personal information: Fitocracy may not be used to post another user’s personal information, without the explicit consent of the other user.

Pornography: Pornographic material will not be tolerated on the Fitocracy platform.

Intent of use: Fitocracy is inherently social and people talk about many different topics.
Fitness, however, must be one of the user’s primary reasons to use Fitocracy.

Illegal activity: You may not use the Fitocracy platform to engage in any sort of illegal activity.

Discouraging other users: You may not interact with another user with the explicit intent of discouraging the user from participating in the Fitocracy community.
This includes any negativity towards weight, gender, sexual orientation, race, etc.
 2 Breaking the Code of Conduct By not following the code of conduct above, users are subject to the following actions: a warning, account suspension, or account termination.
Multiple offenses will always result in a more severe form of punishment than the previous. 3 What should I be doing as a Fitocrat? 
First and foremost, realize that for some, fitness is a sensitive subject.
There are a lot of varying opinions and some people are sensitive about their body image.
Treat people with respect, even if they have different opinions than you.
Keep Fitocracy’s atmosphere positive, friendly, and encouraging.
If you are the victim of someone who is violating the code of conduct, the first thing you can do is use Fitocracy’s privacy features to block a user.
If the violation is a fake workout or a status, you may “flag” the post for us to review.
You may email requests@fitocracy.com if you feel that the violation warrants additional consideration.
Use common sense when choosing your community.
There are many different groups on Fitocracy, ranging from very family-friendly to those that are not appropriate for everyone.
Make sure that you only join groups or follow people whose updates you want to be consuming.
Use caution when sharing your personal information.
This includes your name, email, address, etc.

