
        This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn moreGot it! 
Home
About Us
Services
Blog
 Impressum 
Home
Impressum
 Legal Notice
Information in accordance with §5 of the E-Commerce Act, §14 of the Unternehmensgesetzbuch, §63 of the Commercial Code and disclosure requirements under §25 of the Media Act.


Moritz Füssel
Address requestable via E-Mail

Phone: +436767289296
Email: moritz.fuessel@flawcra.cc

Source: Created with the Impressum Generator by AdSimple Privacy policy
Table of Contents


Privacy Policy


Automatic Data Retention


Cookies


Storage of Personal Data


Rights in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation


Evaluation of Visitor Behaviour


TLS encryption with https


Google Fonts Privacy Policy


Google Fonts Local Privacy Policy


Font Awesome Privacy Policy


OpenStreetMap Privacy Policy


Mapbox API Privacy Policy


Google Analytics Privacy Policy


Google Tag Manager Privacy Policy


Newsletter Privacy Policy


MailChimp Privacy Policy


Google AdSense Privacy Policy


Google Ads (Google AdWords) Conversion Tracking Privacy Policy


Google reCAPTCHA Privacy Policy


Cloudflare Privacy Policy


jQuery CDN Privacy Policy


jsdelivr.com-CDN Privacy Policy


Privacy Policy
We have written this privacy policy (version 01.01.1970-121677243) to provide you with information in accordance with the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 as well as to explain what information we collect, how we use data and what choices you have as a visitor to this website.
Privacy policies usually sound very technical.
However, this version should describe the most important things as simply and clearly as possible.
Moreover, technical terms are explained in a reader-friendly manner whenever possible.
We would also like to convey that we only collect and use information via this website if there is a corresponding legal basis for it.
This is certainly not possible if you give very brief technical explanations, as are often standard on the Internet when it comes to data protection.
We hope you find the following explanations interesting and informative.
Maybe you will also find some information that you did not know yet.
Should you still have questions, we kindly ask you to follow the existing links to see further information on third-party websites, or to simply write us an email.
You can find our contact information in our website’s imprint.
Automatic Data Retention
Every time you visit a website nowadays, certain information is automatically created and stored, just as it happens on this website.
This data should be collected as sparingly as possible, and only with good reason.
By website, we mean the entirety of all websites on your domain, i.e.
everything from the homepage to the very last subpage (like this one here).
By domain we mean example.uk or examplepage.com.
Even while you are currently visiting our website, our web server – this is the computer this website is stored on, usually automatically retains data such as the below – for reasons such as operational security or for creating access statistics etc.

the full address (URL) of the accessed website (e.
g.
https://www.examplepage.uk/examplesubpage.html/)
browser and browser version (e.g.
Chrome 87)
the operating system used (e.g.
Windows 10)
the address (URL) of the previously visited site (referrer URL) (z.
B.
https://www.examplepage.uk/icamefromhere.html/)
the host name and the IP-address of the device the website is accessed from (e.g.
COMPUTERNAME and 194.23.43.121)
date and time
in so-called web server log files.

As an illustration:


Generally, these files are stored for two weeks and are then automatically deleted.
We do not pass these data to others, but we cannot exclude the possibility that this data may be looked at by the authorities in case of illegal conduct.
In short: your visit is logged by our provider (company that runs our website on servers), but we do not pass on your data!
Cookies
Our website uses HTTP-cookies to store user-specific data.
For your better understanding of the following Privacy Policy statement, we will explain to you below what cookies are and why they are in use.
What exactly are cookies?
Every time you surf the internet, you use a browser.
Common browsers are for example Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Internet Explorer and Microsoft Edge.
Most websites store small text-files in your browser.
These files are called cookies.
What should not be dismissed, is that cookies are very useful little helpers.
Nearly all websites use cookies.
More accurately speaking these are HTTP-cookies, since there are also different cookies for other uses.
http-cookies are small files which our website stores on your computer.
These cookie files are automatically put into the cookie-folder, which is like the “brain” of your browser.
A cookie consists of a name and a value.
Moreover, to define a cookie, one or multiple attributes must be specified.
Cookies save certain parts of your user data, such as e.g.
language or personal page settings.
When you re-open our website, your browser submits these “user specific” information back to our site.
Thanks to cookies, our website knows who you are and offers you the settings you are familiar to.
In some browsers every cookie has its own file, in others such as Firefox, all cookies are stored in one single file.
There are both first-party cookies and third-party cookies.
First-party cookies are created directly by our site, while third-party cookies are created by partner-websites (e.g.
Google Analytics).
Every cookie is individual, since every cookie stores different data.
The expiration time of a cookie also varies – it can be a few minutes, or up to a few years.
Cookies are no software-programs and contain no computer viruses, trojans or any other malware.
Cookies also cannot access your PC’s information.
This is an example of how cookie-files can look:

name: _ga
value: GA1.2.1326744211.152121677243-9
purpose: differentiation between website visitors
expiration date: after 2 years
A browser should support these minimum sizes:

at least 4096 bytes per cookie
at least 50 cookies per domain
at least 3000 cookies in total

Which types of cookies are there?
What exact cookies we use, depends on the used services.
We will explain this in the following sections of the Privacy Policy statement.
Firstly, we will briefly focus on the different types of HTTP-cookies.
There are 4 different types of cookies:

Essential Cookies
These cookies are necessary to ensure the basic function of a website.
They are needed when a user for example puts a product into their shopping cart, then continues surfing on different websites and comes back later in order to proceed to the checkout.
Even when the user closed their window priorly, these cookies ensure that the shopping cart does not get deleted.

Purposive Cookies
These cookies collect info about the user behaviour and record if the user potentially receives any error messages.
Furthermore, these cookies record the website’s loading time as well as its behaviour within different browsers.

Target-orientated Cookies
These cookies care for an improved user-friendliness.
Thus, information such as previously entered locations, fonts or data in forms stay saved.

Advertising Cookies
These cookies are also known as targeting-Cookies.
They serve the purpose of delivering individually adapted advertisements to the user.
This can be very practical, but also rather annoying.
Upon your first visit to a website you are usually asked which of these cookie-types you want to accept.
Furthermore, this decision will of course also be saved in a cookie.
How can I delete cookies?
You yourself take the decision if and how you want to use cookies.
Thus, no matter what service or website cookies are from, you always have the option to delete, deactivate or only partially allow them.
Therefore, you can for example block cookies of third parties but allow any other cookies.
If you want change or delete cookie-settings and would like to determine which cookies have been saved to your browser, you can find this info in your browser-settings:
 Chrome: Clear, enable and manage cookies in Chrome 
 Safari: Manage cookies and website data in Safari 
 Firefox: Clear cookies and site data in Firefox 
 Internet Explorer: Delete and manage cookies 
 Microsoft Edge: Delete cookies in Microsoft Edge 
If you generally do not want to allow any cookies at all, you can set up your browser in a way, to notify you whenever a potential cookie is about to be set.
This gives you the opportunity to manually decide to either permit or deny the placement of every single cookie.
The settings for this differ from browser to browser.
Therefore, it might be best for you to search for the instructions in Google.
If you are using Chrome, you could for example put the search phrase “delete cookies Chrome” or “deactivate cookies Chrome” into Google.
How is my data protected?
There is a “cookie policy” that has been in place since 2009.
It states that the storage of cookies requires the user’s consent.
However, among the countries of the EU, these guidelines are often met with mixed reactions.
In Austria the guidelines have been implemented in § 96 section 3 of the Telecommunications Act (TKG).
If you want to learn more about cookies and do not mind technical documentation, we recommend https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6265, the Request for Comments of the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) called “HTTP State Management Mechanism”.
Storage of Personal Data
Any personal data you electronically submit to us on this website, such as your name, email address, home address or other personal information you provide via the transmission of a form or via any comments to the blog, are solely used for the specified purpose and get stored securely along with the respective submission times and IP-address.
These data do not get passed on to third parties.
Therefore, we use personal data for the communication with only those users, who have explicitly requested being contacted, as well as for the execution of the services and products offered on this website.
We do not pass your personal data to others without your approval, but we cannot exclude the possibility this data will be looked at in case of illegal conduct.
If you send us personal data via email – and thus not via this website – we cannot guarantee any safe transmission or protection of your data.
We recommend you, to never send confidential data via email.
Rights in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation
You are granted the following rights in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) and the Austrian Data Protection Act (DSG):

right to rectification (article 16 GDPR)
right to erasure (“right to be forgotten“) (article 17 GDPR)
right to restrict processing (article 18 GDPR)
righ to notification – notification obligation regarding rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing (article 19 GDPR)
right to data portability (article 20 GDPR)
Right to object (article 21 GDPR)
right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing – including profiling – (article 22 GDPR)

If you think that the processing of your data violates the data protection law, or that your data protection rights have been infringed in any other way, you can lodge a complaint with your respective regulatory authority.
For Austria this is the data protection authority, whose website you can access at https://www.data-protection-authority.gv.at/.
Evaluation of Visitor Behaviour
In the following Privacy Policy, we will inform you on if and how we evaluate the data of your visit to this website.
The evaluation is generally made anonymously, and we cannot link to you personally based on your behaviour on this website.
You can find out more about how to disagree with the evaluation of visitor data, in the Privacy Policy below.
TLS encryption with https
The terms TLS, encryption and https sound very technical, which they are indeed.
We use HTTPS (Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure) to securely transfer data on the Internet.
This means that the entire transmission of all data from your browser to our web server is secured – nobody can “listen in”.
We have thus introduced an additional layer of security and meet privacy requirements through technology design Article 25 Section 1 GDPR).
With the use of TLS (Transport Layer Security), which is an encryption protocol for safe data transfer on the internet, we can ensure the protection of confidential information.
You can recognise the use of this safeguarding tool by the little lock-symbol , which is situated in your browser’s top left corner in the left of the internet address (e.g.
examplepage.uk), as well as by the display of the letters https (instead of http) as a part of our web address.
If you want to know more about encryption, we recommend you to do a Google search for “Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure wiki” to find good links to further information.
Google Fonts Privacy Policy
On our website we use Google Fonts, from the company Google Inc.
(1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA).
To use Google Fonts, you must log in and set up a password.
Furthermore, no cookies will be saved in your browser.
The data (CSS, Fonts) will be requested via the Google domains fonts.googleapis.com and fonts.gstatic.com.
According to Google, all requests for CSS and fonts are fully separated from any other Google services.
If you have a Google account, you do not need to worry that your Google account details are transmitted to Google while you use Google Fonts.
Google records the use of CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) as well as the utilised fonts and stores these data securely.
We will have a detailed look at how exactly the data storage works.
What are Google Fonts?
Google Fonts (previously Google Web Fonts) is a list of over 800 fonts which href=”https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Google?tid=121677243”>Google LLC provides its users for free.
Many of these fonts have been published under the SIL Open Font License license, while others have been published under the Apache license.
Both are free software licenses.
Why do we use Google Fonts on our website?
With Google Fonts we can use different fonts on our website and do not have to upload them to our own server.
Google Fonts is an important element which helps to keep the quality of our website high.
All Google fonts are automatically optimised for the web, which saves data volume and is an advantage especially for the use of mobile terminal devices.
When you use our website, the low data size provides fast loading times.
Moreover, Google Fonts are secure Web Fonts.
Various image synthesis systems (rendering) can lead to errors in different browsers, operating systems and mobile terminal devices.
These errors could optically distort parts of texts or entire websites.
Due to the fast Content Delivery Network (CDN) there are no cross-platform issues with Google Fonts.
All common browsers (Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari, Opera) are supported by Google Fonts, and it reliably operates on most modern mobile operating systems, including Android 2.2+ and iOS 4.2+ (iPhone, iPad, iPod).
We also use Google Fonts for presenting our entire online service as pleasantly and as uniformly as possible.
Which data is saved by Google?
Whenever you visit our website, the fonts are reloaded by a Google server.
Through this external cue, data gets transferred to Google’s servers.
Therefore, this makes Google recognise that you (or your IP-address) is visiting our website.
The Google Fonts API was developed to reduce the usage, storage and gathering of end user data to the minimum needed for the proper depiction of fonts.
What is more, API stands for „Application Programming Interface“ and works as a software data intermediary.
Google Fonts stores CSS and font requests safely with Google, and therefore it is protected.
Using its collected usage figures, Google can determine how popular the individual fonts are.
Google publishes the results on internal analysis pages, such as Google Analytics.
Moreover, Google also utilises data of ist own web crawler, in order to determine which websites are using Google fonts.
This data is published in Google Fonts’ BigQuery database.
Enterpreneurs and developers use Google’s webservice BigQuery to be able to inspect and move big volumes of data.
One more thing that should be considered, is that every request for Google Fonts automatically transmits information such as language preferences, IP address, browser version, as well as the browser’s screen resolution and name to Google’s servers.
It cannot be clearly identified if this data is saved, as Google has not directly declared it.
How long and where is the data stored?
Google saves requests for CSS assets for one day in a tag on their servers, which are primarily located outside of the EU.
This makes it possible for us to use the fonts by means of a Google stylesheet.
With the help of a stylesheet, e.g.
designs or fonts of a website can get changed swiftly and easily.
Any font related data is stored with Google for one year.
This is because Google’s aim is to fundamentally boost websites’ loading times.
With millions of websites referring to the same fonts, they are buffered after the first visit and instantly reappear on any other websites that are visited thereafter.
Sometimes Google updates font files to either reduce the data sizes, increase the language coverage or to improve the design.
How can I delete my data or prevent it being stored?
The data Google stores for either a day or a year cannot be deleted easily.
Upon opening the page this data is automatically transmitted to Google.
In order to clear the data ahead of time, you have to contact Google’s support at https://support.google.com/?hl=en-GB&tid=121677243.
The only way for you to prevent the retention of your data is by not visiting our website.
Unlike other web fonts, Google offers us unrestricted access to all its fonts.
Thus, we have a vast sea of font types at our disposal, which helps us to get the most out of our website.
You can find out more answers and information on Google Fonts at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq?tid=121677243.
While Google does address relevant elements on data protection at this link, it does not contain any detailed information on data retention.
It proofs rather difficult to receive any precise information on stored data by Google.
On https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-GB you can read more about what data is generally collected by Google and what this data is used for.
Google Fonts Local Privacy Policy
On our website we use Google Fonts, from the company Google Inc.
(1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA).
We integrated Google Fonts locally, so on our own webserver and not on Google’s servers.
Hence, there is no connection to Google’s servers and consequently no data transfer or retention.
What are Google Fonts?
Google Fonts was previously called Google Web Fonts.
It is an interactive list with over 800 fonts which Google LLC offer for free use.
With the use of Google Fonts, it is possible to utilise fonts without uploading them to your own server.
For that matter, in order to prevent any transfer of information to Google’s servers, we downloaded the fonts to our own server.
This way we comply with the data privacy and do not transmit any data to Google Fonts.
Unlike other web fonts, Google offers us unrestricted access to all its fonts.
Thus, we have a vast sea of font types at our disposal, which helps us to get the most out of our website.
You can find out more answers and information on Google Fonts at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq?tid=121677243.
Font Awesome Privacy Policy
On our website we use Font Awesome by the American company Fonticons (307 S.
Main St., Suite 202, Bentonville, AR 72712, USA).
Upon your visit to one of our websites, the Font Awesome web font, i.e.
the icons, are loaded via the Font Awesome Content Delivery Network (CDN).
This way texts, fonts and icons are displayed appropriately on every device.
In this privacy policy we will go into more detail on data storage and data processing by this service.
What is Font Awesome?
Icons play an increasingly important role on websites.
Font Awesome is a web font specifically designed for web designers and web developers.
With Font Awesome icons can for example be scaled and coloured as desired using the CSS stylesheet language.
Thus, they now replace old picture icons.
Font Awesome CDN is the easiest way to load icons or fonts onto your website.
To do this, we only had to embed a short line of code into our website.
Why do we use Font Awesome on our website?
Font Awesome enables our websites’ content to be depicted better.
This eases your navigation on our website, and helps you grasp its content better.
The icons can sometimes even be used to replace whole words and save space.
This is particularly useful when optimising content specifically for smartphones.
The icons are inserted as HMTL code instead of as an image, which allows us to edit the icons with CSS exactly as we want.
Simultaneously, Font Awesome also lets us improve our loading speed, as it only contains HTML elements and no icon images.
All these advantages help us to make our website even clearer, faster and more refined for you.
Which data are stored by Font Awesome?
The Font Awesome Content Delivery Network (CDN) is used to load icons and symbols.
CDNs are networks of servers that are distributed around the world.
They make it possible to quickly load files from locations in close proximity.
When you open one of our pages, the respective icons will be provided by Font Awesome.
For the web fonts to be loaded, your browser has to connect to the servers of Fonticons, Inc.
For this, your IP address will be identified.
Font Awesome also collects data on which icon files are downloaded, as well as when they are downloaded.
Furthermore, technical data such as your browser version, screen resolution or the time when you accessed the page are also transmitted.
These data are collected and stored for the following reasons:

to optimise Content Delivery Networks
to identify and fix technical errors
to protect CDNs from misuse and attacks
to calculate fees from Font Awesome Pro customers
to identify the popularity of icons
to establish which computer and software you are using

If your browser does not allow web fonts, one of your PC’s standard fonts will be used automatically.
Moreover, as far as we are currently aware, no cookies will be set.
We are keeping in contact with Font Awesome’s privacy department and will let you know as soon as we find out more.
How long and where are the data stored?
Font Awesome stores data about the use of the Content Delivery Network also on servers in the United States of America.
However, the CDN servers are located all across the world and store user data in your proximity.
The data is usually only stored for a few weeks in an identifiable form.
Aggregated statistics on the use of the CDNs may also be stored for longer.
However, these do not include any personal data.
How can I delete my data or prevent data retention?
As far as we are aware, Font Awesome does not store any personal data via Content Delivery Networks.
If you do not want data about the used icons to be stored, you will unfortunately not be able to visit our website.
If your browser does not allow web fonts, no data will be transmitted or saved.
In this case your computer’s default font will be used.
If you want to find out more about Font Awesome and their data handling, we recommend you to read their privacy policy at https://fontawesome.com/privacy along with the help page at https://fontawesome.com/help.
OpenStreetMap Privacy Policy
We have included map sections of the online map tool “OpenStreetMap” to our website.
It is a so-called open source mapping, which we can access via an API (interface).
This feature is offered by OpenStreetMap Foundation, St John’s Innovation Center, Cowley Road, Cambridge, CB4 0WS, United Kingdom.
By using this map function, your IP address will be forwarded to OpenStreetMap.
In this privacy policy we will explain why we use the functions of the OpenStreetMap tool, where which data is stored and how you can prevent data storage.
What is OpenStreetMap?
The OpenStreetMap project was launched in 2004.
Its aim is to create a free world map.
Users all around the world have been collecting data about buildings, forests, rivers and roads.
Therefore, an extensive digital world map has been created by users over the years.
Of course, the map is not complete, but it contains a lot of data for most regions.
Why do we use OpenStreetMap on our website?
The primary intention of your website is to be helpful to you.
We think this can only be the case when information can be found quickly and easily.
On the one hand, of course, this concerns our services and products.
On the other hand, there should also be other helpful information available to you.
That is why we also use OpenStreetMap’s map service.
Thanks to this, we can for example show you exactly how to find our company.
The map shows you the best way to get to us and makes your journey very smooth and easy.
What data is stored by OpenStreetMap?
When you visit one of our websites that include OpenStreetMap, your user data is transmitted to the service where it is stored.
OpenStreetMap collects information about your interactions with the digital map, your IP address, your browser, device type, operating system and on which day and at what time you used the service.
Tracking software is also used to record user interactions.
For this regard, the company specifiies the “Piwik” analysis tool in its own privacy policy.
The collected data are then accessible to the relevant employee groups of the OpenStreetMap Foundation.
According to the company, personal data will not be passed on to other people or companies, unless it is legally required.
The third-party provider Piwik stores your IP address, but in a shortened form.
The following cookies may be set in your browser if you inerace with OpenStreetMap on our website:

Name: _osm_location
Value: 9.63312%7C52.41500%7C17%7CM
Purpose: This cookie is required to unlock OpenStreetMap’s contents.
Ablaufdatum: after 10 years
If you want to view the map in full screen, you will be linked to OpenStreetMap’s website.
There, the following cookies may be stored in your browser:

Name: _osm_totp_token
Value: 148253121677243-2
Purpose:This cookie is used to ensure the operation of the map section.
Expiry date:after one hour

Name: _osm_session
Value: 1d9bfa122e0259d5f6db4cb8ef653a1c
Purpose: With the help of this cookie, session information (i.e.
user behavior) can be stored.
Expiry date: after end of session

Name: _pk_id.1.cf09
Value: 4a5.1593684142.2.1593688396.1593688396121677243-9
Purpose:This cookie is set by Piwik to save or measure user data such as click behavior.
Expiry date: after one year
How long and where are the data stored?
The API servers, databases, and servers of auxiliary services are currently located in the United Kingdom (Great Britain and Northern Ireland) and the Netherlands.
Your IP address and user information, which are saved in an abbreviated version by the web analysis tool Piwik, will be deleted after 180 days.
How can I delete my data or prevent data retention?
You have the right to both access your personal data and to object to its use and processing at any time.
You can also always manage, delete, or deactivate cookies that may be set by OpenStreetMap in your browser.
As a result, however, the service may no longer work to their full extent.
The management, deletion or deactivation of cookies works differently in every browser.
Below you will find links to the instructions of the most popular browsers:
 Chrome: Clear, enable and manage cookies in Chrome 
 Safari: Manage cookies and website data in Safari 
 Firefox: Clear cookies and site data in Firefox 
 Internet Explorer: Delete and manage cookies 
 Microsoft Edge: Delete cookies in Microsoft Edge 
For more information on OpenStreetMap’s data processing, we recommend the company’s privacy policy at https://wiki.osmfoundation.org/wiki/Privacy_Policy.

Mapbox API Privacy Policy
On our website we use the Mapbox API by the American software company Mapbox Inc., 740 15th Street NW, 5th Floor, District of Columbia 20005, USA.
Mapbox is an online map tool (open source mapping) that is accessed via an interface (API).
When using this tool, your IP address will be forwarded to Mapbox, where it will be stored.
In this privacy policy you will find out more on the functions of the tool as well as to why we use it.
Above all, you will get more details on which of your data is stored and how you can prevent this.
What is Mapbox API?
Mapbox is an American software company that offers custom online maps for websites.
For example, Mapbox allows us to illustrate content on our website or to display directions graphically.
Specific small code snippets (JavaScript code) make the integration of maps to our website very easy.
What is more, among other things Mapbox offers a mobile-friendly environment, visualises data and provides route information in real time.
Why do we use Mapbox API on our website?
We strongly believe that the comprehensive service we offer with our products and services should also extend to our website.
In fact, we want all our content to be of use to you.
Of course this also includes maps that show you the way to our business.
What data are stored by Mapbox API?
If you open one of our subpages containing an online map by Mapbox, data about your user behaviour may be collected and stored.
This is essential for the integrated online maps to work properly.
Moreover, Mapbox may pass on the collected data (excluding personal data) to third parties.
This may happen either if the data transfer is necessary for legal reasons, or if Mapbox explicitly instructs another company to do so.
Any map contents are transmitted directly to your browser and thus integrated into our website.
Mapbox automatically collects certain technical information when requests are made to the APIs.
This includes your IP address, browser information, your operating system, the request’s content, restricted location and usage data, the URL of the website you visited and the date and time of your website visit.
According to Mapbox, this data is only used to improve their own products.
Mapbox also collects randomly generated IDs in order to analyse user behaviour and determine the number of active users.
If you use one of our subpages and interact with an online map, Mapbox will set the following cookie in your browser:

Name: ppcbb-enable-content-mapbox_js
Value: 1605795587121677243-4
Purpose: We have not yet been able to find out more detailed information about the purpose of this cookie.
Expiry date: after one year

Note: In our tests we did not find any cookie in the Chrome browser, however, we did find it in other browsers.
Where and how long are data stored?
The collected data is stored and processed on American servers which are operated by Mapbox.
For security reasons, your IP address is stored for 30 days, after which it is deleted.
Randomly generated IDs (no personal data) that analyse the use of the APIs are deleted after 36 months.
How can I delete my data or prevent data retention?
If you do not want Mapbox to process data about you or your user behaviour, you can deactivate JavaScript in your browser settings.
Of course, you will then no longer be able to use all functions to their full extent.
You reserve the right to access your personal data at any time, as well as to object to them being used and processed.
Any cookies that the Mapbox API may set can be managed, deleted or deactivated in your browser at any time.
However, this may prevent the service from working properly.
The process of managing, deleting or deactivating cookies works a little differently for each browser.
Below you will find links to the instructions for the most popular browsers:
 Chrome: Clear, enable and manage cookies in Chrome 
 Safari: Manage cookies and website data in Safari 
 Firefox: Clear cookies and site data in Firefox 
 Internet Explorer: Delete and manage cookies 
 Microsoft Edge: Delete cookies in Microsoft Edge 
If you want to learn more about Mapbox’s data processing, we recommend you to read the company’s privacy policy at https://www.mapbox.com/legal/privacy.
Google Analytics Privacy Policy
We use the tracking and analysis tool Google Analytics (GA) of the US-American company Google LLC (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA).
Google Analytics collects data on your actions on our website.
Whenever you click a link for example, this action is saved in a cookie and transferred to Google Analytics.
With the help of reports which we receive from Google Analytics, we can adapt our website and our services better to your wishes.
In the following, we will explain the tracking tool in more detail, and most of all, we will inform you what data is saved and how you can prevent this.
What is Google Analytics?
Google Analytics is a tracking tool with the purpose of conducting data traffic analysis of our website.
For Google Analytics to work, there is a tracking code integrated to our website.
Upon your visit to our website, this code records various actions you perform on your website.
As soon as you leave our website, this data is sent to the Google Analytics server, where it is stored.
Google processes this data and we then receive reports on your user behaviour.
These reports can be one of the following:

Target audience reports: With the help of target audience reports we can get to know our users better and can therefore better understand who is interested in our service.
Advertising reports: Through advertising reports we can analyse our online advertising better and hence improve it.
Acquisition reports: Acquisition reports provide us helpful information on how we can get more people enthusiastic about our service.
Behaviour reports: With these reports, we can find out how you interact with our website.
By the means of behaviour reports, we can understand what path you go on our website and what links you click.
Conversion reports: A conversion is the process of leading you to carry out a desired action due to a marketing message.
An example of this would be transforming you from a mere website visitor into a buyer or a newsletter subscriber.
Hence, with the help of these reports we can see in more detail, if our marketing measures are successful with you.
Our aim is to increase our conversion rate.
Real time reports: With the help of these reports we can see in real time, what happens on our website.
It makes us for example see, we can see how many users are reading this text right now.

Why do we use Google Analytics on our website?
The objective of our website is clear: We want to offer you the best possible service.
Google Analytics’ statistics and data help us with reaching this goal.
Statistically evaluated data give us a clear picture of the strengths and weaknesses of our website.
On the one hand, we can optimise our page in a way, that makes it easier to be found by interested people on Google.
On the other hand, the data helps us to get a better understanding of you as our visitor.
Therefore, we can very accurately find out what we must improve on our website, in order to offer you the best possible service.
The analysis of that data also enables us to carry out our advertising and marketing measures in a more individual and more cost-effective way.
After all, it only makes sense to show our products and services exclusively to people who are interested in them.
What data gets stored by Google Analytics?
With the aid of a tracking code, Google Analytics creates a random, unique ID which is connected to your browser cookie.
That way, Google Analytics recognises you as a new user.
The next time you visit our site, you will be recognised as a “recurring” user.
All data that is collected gets saved together with this very user ID.
Only this is how it is made possible for us to evaluate and analyse pseudonymous user profiles.
Your interactions on our website are measures by tags such as cookies and app instance IDs.
Interactions are all kinds of actions that you perform on our website.
If you are also using other Google systems (such as a Google Account), data generated by Google Analytics can be linked with third-party cookies.
Google does not pass on any Google Analytics data, unless we as the website owners authorise it.
In case it is required by law, exceptions can occur.
The following cookies are used by Google Analytics:

Name: _ga
Value:2.1326744211.152121677243-5
Purpose: By deafault, analytics.js uses the cookie _ga, to save the user ID.
It generally serves the purpose of differenciating between website visitors.
Expiration date: After 2 years

Name: _gid
Value:2.1687193234.152121677243-1
Purpose: This cookie also serves the purpose of differentiating between website users
Expiration date: After 24 hours

Name: _gat_gtag_UA_
Value: 1
Verwendungszweck: It is used for decreasing the demand rate.
If Google Analytics is provided via Google Tag Manager, this cookie gets the name _dc_gtm_ .
Expiration date: After 1 minute

Name: AMP_TOKEN
Value: No information
Purpose: This cookie has a token which is used to retrieve the user ID by the AMP Client ID Service.
Other possible values suggest a logoff, a request or an error.
Expiration date: After 30 seconds up to one year

Name: __utma
Value:1564498958.1564498958.1564498958.1
Purpose: With this cookie your behaviour on the website can be tracked and the site performance can be measured.
The cookie is updated every time the information is sent to Google Analytics.
Expiration date: After 2 years

Name: __utmt
Value: 1
Purpose: Just like _gat_gtag_UA_ this cookie is used for keeping the requirement rate in check.
Expiration date: Afer 10 minutes

Name: __utmb
Value:3.10.1564498958
Purpose: This cookie is used to determine new sessions.
It is updated every time new data or information gets sent to Google Analytics.
Expiration date: After 30 minutes

Name: __utmc
Value: 167421564
Purpose: This cookie is used to determine new sessions for recurring visitors.
It is therefore a session cookie, and only stays saved until you close the browser again.
Expiration date: After closing the browser

Name: __utmz
Value: m|utmccn=(referral)|utmcmd=referral|utmcct=/
Purpose: This cookie is used to identify the source of our website’s visitor number.
This means, that the cookie saves information on where you came to our website from.
This could be another site or an advertisement.
Expiration date: After 6 months

Name: __utmv
Value: No information
Purpose: The cookie is used to store custom user data.
It gets updated whenever information is sent to Google Analytics.
Expiration date: After 2 years

Note: This list is by no means exhaustive, since Google are repeatedly changing the use of their cookies.
Below we will give you an overview of the most important data that can be evaluated by Google Analytics:

Heatmaps: Google creates so-called Heatmaps an.
These Heatmaps make it possible to see the exact areas you click on, so we can get information on what routes you make on our website.

Session duration: Google calls the time you spend on our website without leaving it session duration.
Whenever you are inactive for 20 minutes, the session ends automatically.

Bounce rate If you only look at one page of our website and then leave our website again, it is called a bounce.

Account creation: If you create an account or make an order on our website, Google Analytics collects this data.

IP-Address: The IP address is only shown in a shortened form, to make it impossible to clearly allocate it.

Location: Your approximate location and the country you are in can be defined by the IP address.
This process is called IP location determination.

Technical information: Information about your browser type, your internet provider and your screen resolution are called technical information.

Source: Both, Google Analytics as well as ourselves, are interested what website or what advertisement led you to our site.
Further possibly stored data includes contact data, potential reviews, playing media (e.g.
when you play a video on our site), sharing of contents via social media or adding our site to your favourites.
This list is not exhaustive and only serves as general guidance on Google Analytics’ data retention.
How long and where is the data saved?
Google has servers across the globe.
Most of them are in America and therefore your data is mainly saved on American servers.
Here you can read detailed information on where Google’s data centres are located: https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/inside/locations/?hl=en

Your data is allocated to various physical data mediums.
This has the advantage of allowing to retrieve the data faster, and of protecting it better from manipulation.
Every Google data centre has respective emergency programs for your data.
Hence, in case of a hardware failure at Google or a server error due to natural disasters, the risk for a service interruption stays relatively low.
Google Analytics has a 26 months standardised period of retaining your user data.
After this time, your user data is deleted.
However, we have the possibility to choose the retention period of user data ourselves.
There are the following five options:

Deletion after 14 months
Deletion after 26 months
Deletion after 38 months
Deletion after 50 months
No automatical deletion

As soon as the chosen period is expired, the data is deleted once a month.
This retention period applies to any of your data which is linked to cookies, user identification and advertisement IDs (e.g.
cookies of the DoubleClick domain).
Any report results are based on aggregated information and are stored independently of any user data.
Aggregated information is a merge of individual data into a single and bigger unit.
How can I delete my data or prevent data retention?
Under the provisions of the European Union’s data protection law, you have the right to obtain information on your data and to update, delete or restrict it.
With the help of a browser add on that can deactivate Google Analytics’ JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, dc.js), you can prevent Google Analytics from using your data.
You can download this add on at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB.
Please consider that this add on can only deactivate any data collection by Google Analytics.
Should you generally want to deactivate, delete or manage all cookies (independently of Google Analytics), you can use one of the guides that are available for any browser:
 Chrome: Clear, enable and manage cookies in Chrome 
 Safari: Manage cookies and website data in Safari 
 Firefox: Clear cookies and site data in Firefox 
 Internet Explorer: Delete and manage cookies 
 Microsoft Edge: Delete cookies in Microsoft Edge 
Google Analytics is an active participant of the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework, which regulates correct and save transfer of personal data.
You can find more information on this at https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&tid=121677243.
We hope we were able to make you more familiar with the most important information on Google Analytics’ data processing.
If you want to learn more about the tracking service, we recommend both of the following links: https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/analytics/terms/gb/ and https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en.
Google Analytics IP Anonymisation
We implemented Google Analytics’ IP address anonymisation to this website.
Google developed this function, so this website can comply with the applicable privacy laws and the local data protection authorities’ recommendations, should they prohibit the retention of any full IP addresses.
The anonymisation or masking of IP addresses takes place, as soon as they reach Google Analytics’ data collection network, but before the data would be saved or processed.
You can find more information on IP anonymisation at https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2763052?hl=en.
Google Analytics Reports on demographic characteristics and interests
We have turned on Google Analytics’ functions for advertising reports.
These reports on demographic characteristics and interests contain details about age, gender and interests.
Through them we can get a better picture of our users – without being able to allocate any data to individual persons.
You can learn more about advertising functions at auf https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/3450482?hl=en&%3Butm_id=ad.
You can terminate the use of your Google Account’s activities and information in “Ads Settings” at https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated via a checkbox.
Google Analytics Deactivation Link
By clicking on the following deactivation link you can prevent Google from tracking your further visits.
Caution: The deletion of cookies, the use of your browser’s incognito/private mode or the use of a different browser may lead to your data being collected again.

Deactivate Google Analytics

Google Analytics‘ Data Processing Amendment
By accepting the amendment on data processing in Google Analytics, we entered a contract with Google concerning the use of Google Analytics.
You can find out more about the amendment on data processing for Google Analytics here: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/3379636?hl=en&utm_id=ad

Google Analytics Google Signals Privacy Policy
We have activated Google signals in Google Analytics.
Through this, any existing Google Analytics functions (advertising reports, remarketing, cross-device reports and reports on interests and demographic characteristics) are updated, to result in the summary and anonymisation of your data, should you have permitted personalised ads in your Google Account.
The special aspect of this is that it involves cross-device tracking.
That means your data can be analysed across multiple devices.
Through the activation of Google signals, data is collected and linked to the Google account.
For example, it enables Google to recognise when you look at a product on a smartphone and later buy the product on a laptop.
Due to activating Google signals, we can start cross-device remarketing campaigns, which would otherwise not be possible to this extent.
Remarketing means, that we can show you our products and services across other websites as well.
Moreover, further visitor data such as location, search history, YouTube history and data about your actions on our website are collected in Google Analytics.
As a result, we receive improved advertising reports and more useful information on your interests and demographic characteristics.
These include your age, the language you speak, where you live or what your gender is.
Certain social criteria such as your job, your marital status or your income are also included.
All these characteristics help Google Analytics to define groups of persons or target audiences.
Those reports also help us to better assess your behaviour, as well as your wishes and interests.
As a result, we can optimise and customise our products and services for you.
By default, this data expires after 26 months.
Please consider, that this data is only collected if you have agreed to personalised advertisement in your Google Account.
The retained information is always exclusively summarised and anonymous data, and never any data on individual persons.
You can manage or delete this data in your Google Account.
Google Tag Manager Privacy Policy
We use Google Tag Manager by the company Google Inc.
(1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA) for our website.
This Tag Manager is one of Google’s many helpful marketing products.
With it, we can centrally integrate and manage code sections of various tracking tools, that we use on our website.
In this privacy statement we will explain in more detail, what Google Tag Manager does, why we use it and to what extent your data is processed.
What is Google Tag Manager?
Google Tag Manager is an organising tool with which we can integrate and manage website tags centrally and via a user interface.
Tags are little code sections which e.g.
track your activities on our website.
For this, segments of JavaScript code are integrated to our site’s source text.
The tags often come from Google’s intern products, such as Google Ads or Google Analytics, but tags from other companies can also be integrated and managed via the manager.
Since the tags have different tasks, they can collect browser data, feed marketing tools with data, embed buttons, set cookies and track users across several websites.
Why do we use Google Tag Manager for our website?
Everybody knows: Being organised is important! Of course, this also applies to maintenance of our website.
In order to organise and design our website as well as possible for you and anyone who is interested in our products and services, we rely on various tracking tools, such as Google Analytics.
The collected data shows us what interests you most, which of our services we should improve, and which other persons we should also display our services to.
Furthermore, for this tracking to work, we must implement relevant JavaScript Codes to our website.
While we could theoretically integrate every code section of every tracking tool separately into our source text, this would take too much time and we would lose overview.
This is the reason why we use Google Tag Manager.
We can easily integrate the necessary scripts and manage them from one place.
Additionally, Google Tag Manager’s user interface is easy to operate, and requires no programming skills.
Therefore, we can easily keep order in our jungle of tags.
What data is saved by Google Tag Manager?
Tag Manager itself is a domain that neither uses cookies nor stores data.
It merely functions as an “administrator“ of implemented tags.
Data is collected by the individual tags of the different web analysis tools.
Therefore, in Google Tag Manager the data is sent to the individual tracking tools and does not get saved.
However, with the integrated tags of different web analysis tools such as Google Analytics, this is quite different.
Depending on the analysis tool used, various data on your internet behaviour is collected, stored and processed with the help of cookies.
Please read our texts on data protection for more information on the articular analysis and tracking tools we use on our website.
We allowed Google via the account settings for the Tag Manager to receive anonymised data from us.
However, this exclusively refers to the use of our Tag Manager and not to your data, which are saved via code sections.
We allow Google and others, to receive selected data in anonymous form.
Therefore, we agree to the anonymised transfer of our website data.
However, even after extensive research we could not find out what summarised and anonymous data it is exactly that gets transmitted.
What we do know is that Google deleted any info that could identify our website.
Google combines the data with hundreds of other anonymous website data and creates user trends as part of benchmarking measures.
Benchmarking is a process of comparing a company’s results with the ones of competitors.
As a result, processes can be optimised based on the collected information.
How long and where is the data saved?
When Google stores data, this is done on Google’s own servers.
These servers are located all over the world, with most of them being in America.
At https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/inside/locations/?hl=en you can read in detail where Google’s servers are.
In our individual data protection texts on the different tools you can find out how long the respective tracking tools save your data.
How can I delete my data or prevent data retention?
Google Tag Manager itself does not set any cookies but manages different tracking websites’ tags.
In our data protection texts on the different tracking tools you can find detailed information on how you can delete or manage your data.
Google actively participates in the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework, which regulates safe transfer of personal data.
You can find more information at https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&tid=121677243.
If you want to learn more about Google Tag Manager, we recommend you to read https://marketingplatform.google.com/intl/en_uk/about/tag-manager/.
Newsletter Privacy Policy
When you subscribe to our Newsletter you submit your personal data and give us the right to contact you via email.
We use the data that is stored for the registration for the Newsletter exclusively for our Newsletter and do not pass them on.
If you unsubscribe from the newsletter – for which you can find a link in the bottom of every newsletter – we will delete all data that was saved when you registered for the newsletter.
MailChimp Privacy Policy
Like many other websites, we use the services of the newsletter company MailChimp on our website.
The operator of MailChimp is the company The Rocket Science Group, LLC, 675 Ponce de Leon Ave NE, Suite 5000, Atlanta, GA 30308 USA.
With the aid of MailChimp we can easily send you interesting news via newsletter.
For the use of the service we do not have to install anything but can still access a pool of very efficient features.
In the following we will give more details on this email marketing service and will inform you about the most important data protection aspects.
What is MailChimp?
MailChimp is a cloud-based newsletter management service.
“Cloud-based“ means that we do not need to install MailChimp on our own computer or server.
Instead, we use the service on an external server, or more specifically via an IT infrastructure, which is available via the internet.
Using a software this way is also called SaaS (software as a service).
MailChimp allows us to chose from a wide range of different email types.
Depending on what goal we want to reach with our newsletter, we can run individual campaigns, regular campaigns, auto responders (automated emails), A/B tests, RSS campaigns (mailings at pre-set times and frequencies) and follow-up campaigns.
Why do we use MailChimp on our website?
The reason we would use any newsletter service is so we can stay in contact with you.
We want to keep you on the loop what news or attractive offers we have for you at the time.
As we constantly seek out the easiest and best solutions for our marketing measures, we have decided on MailChimp as our newsletter management service.
While the software is very easy to use, it offers many helpful features.
For example, it allows us to create interesting and attractive newsletters in only a short time.
With integrated design templates we can create every newsletter in an individual way.
Due to the “responsive design” feature, our contents are also presented in a readable and pleasant way on your smartphone (or any other mobile device).
With tools such as A/B testing or the extensive analysis options, we can swiftly tell how you like our newsletters.
This means that we can react if necessary and improve our offer or our services.
Another advantage is MailChimp’s “cloud system”.
The data is not stored and processed directly on our server.
We can retrieve the datafrom external servers and therefore save our memory space and also decrease maintenance effort.
What data is saved by MailChimp?
Rocket Science Group LLC (MailChimp) operate online platforms which enable us to get in contact with you, provided you subscribed to our newsletter.
If you become a subscriber of our newsletter via our website, by email you agree to become a member of a MailChimp email list.
Then, MailChimp saves your subscription data and your IP address, so it can verify your entry into the list provider.
Moreover, MailChimp stores your email address, your name, your physical address and demographic information, such as language or location.
This information is used to send emails to you and to allow certain other MailChimp functions (e.g.
the evaluation of newsletters).
MailChimp also shares information with third parties to improve its services.
Moreover, MailChimp shares certain data with advertising partners of third parties to get a better understanding of its clients’ interests, in order to provide relevant contents and target-oriented advertising.
With so-called “web beacons” (small graphics in HTML emails), MailChimp can determine if an email has arrived, has been opened or if links have been clicked.
This information is then stored on MailChimp’s servers.
That way we receive statistical evaluations and can see how you liked our newsletter.
Therefore, we can tailor our offer better to your wishes and improve our service.
Moreover, MailChimp are allowed to use this data for improving their own service.
Thus, they can for example technically optimise the distribution or determine the location (or the country) of the recipient.
The following cookies can be set by MailChimp.
The list is not exhaustive and is merely an exemplary selection:

Name: AVESTA_ENVIRONMENT
Value: Prod
Purpose: This cookie is necessary to provide the services of Mailchimp.
It is always set when a user registers for a newsletter mailing list.
Expiry date: at the end of the session

Name: ak_bmsc
Value: F1766FA98C9BB9DE4A39F70A9E5EEAB55F6517348A7000001121677243-3
Purpose: The cookie is used to differentiate a human from a bot.
That way secure reports on the use of a website can be created.
Expiry date: after 2 hours

Name: bm_sv
Value: A5A322305B4401C2451FC22FFF547486~FEsKGvX8eovCwTeFTzb8//I3ak2Au…
Purpose: This cookie comes from MasterPass Digital Wallet (a MasterCard service) and is used to offer a secure and easy virtual payment process to visitors.
For this purpose, the user is anonymously identified on the website.
Expiry date: after 2 hours

Name: _abck
Value: 8D545C8CCA4C3A50579014C449B045121677243-9
Purpose: We could not find any further information about the purpose of this cookie.
Expiry date: after one year
For better display it could be that you would sometimes open our newsletter via a specified link.
This can be the case if your email program does not work or if the newsletter is not displayed properly.
The newsletter will then be shown via a MailChimp website.
MailChimp also uses cookies on its websites (small text files which save data on your browser).
Personal data can be processed by MailChimp and their partners (e.g.
Google Analytics).
MailChimp is responsible for the collection of this data and we have no influence on it.
MailChimp’s “Cookie Statement” (at: https://mailchimp.com/legal/cookies/) tells you exactly how and why the company uses cookies.
How long and where is the data saved?
Since MailChimp is an American company, all retained data is stored on American servers.
Generally, the data stays permanently saved on MailChimp’s servers and is deleted only when you request it.
You can have your contact information with us deleted.
This permanently removes all your personal data for us and anonymises you in MailChimp’s reports.
However, you can also request the deletion of your data permanently at MailChimp.
Then all your data are removed from there and we receive a notification from MailChimp.
After we receive the email we have 30 days to delete your contact from all integrations.
How can I delete my data or prevent data retention?
You can withdraw your approval for the receipt of our newsletters anytime, by clicking the link in the lower area of the received newsletter email.
When you click on the unsubscribe link, your data with MailChimp gets deleted.
When you land on a MailChimp website via a link in our newsletter and cookies are consequently set in your browser, you can delete or deactivate these cookies anytime.
Depending on the browser, the deactivation or deletion differs slightly.
The following instructions show how to manage cookies in your browser:
 Chrome: Clear, enable and manage cookies in Chrome 
 Safari: Manage cookies and website data in Safari 
 Firefox: Clear cookies and site data in Firefox 
 Internet Explorer: Delete and manage cookies 
 Microsoft Edge: Delete cookies in Microsoft Edge 
If you generally do not want to allow any cookies, you can set up your browser in a way so it would notify you whenever a potential cookie is about to be set.
This lets you decide upon the placement of every single cookie.
MailChimp is an active participant in the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework, which regulates the correct and secure transfer of personal data.
You can find more information on this at https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TO6hAAG&tid=121677243.
You can find more information on MailChimp’s use of cookies at https://mailchimp.com/legal/cookies/, and you can learn more about data protection at MailChimp (Privacy) at https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/.
MailChimp Data Processing Addendum
We entered a contract with MailChimp on the Data Processing Addendum.
This contract serves as a protection of your personal data and ensures that MailChimp follows the applicable data protection regulations and disclose your personal data to third parties.
You can find more information on this contract at https://mailchimp.com/legal/data-processing-addendum/.
Google AdSense Privacy Policy
We use Google AdSense on this website.
It is an advertising program of the company Google Inc.
(1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA).
With Google AdSense we can show advertisements that fit our theme.
Thus, we can offer you adverts that ideally give you added value.
In this privacy statement on Google AdSense we will explain to you, why we use Google AdSense on our website and which of your data is processed and saved, as well as how you can prevent this data retention.
What is Google AdSense?
The advertising program Google AdSense has been around since 2003.
As opposed to Google Ads (previously: Google AdWords) it is not possible to advertise on Google AdSense oneself.
Google AdSense displays advertisements on websites, such as ours.
The biggest advantage of this web service compared to some others, is that Google AdSense only shows ads to you which match our website’s contents.
Google has its own algorithm which calculates what ads are shown to you.
Of course, we only want to show you ads that interest you and provide you added value.
Google checks which advertisements are suitable for our users, considering your interests, your user behaviour and our offer.
At this point we want to mention that we are not responsible for the choice of the ads.
We merely offer advertising space on our website, while Google selects the displayed ads.
Moreover, since August 2013 the ads are customised to the respective user interface.
This means, that no matter if you visit our website with your smartphone, your PC or your laptop, the ads adjust to your terminal device.
Why do we use Google AdSense on our website?
The operation of a high-quality website requires tremendous dedication and commitment.
We are essentially never finished with working on our website.
This is, because we continuously maintain and keep our website up to date.
Of course, we want to achieve economic success with this work.
Therefore, we decided for to use advertisements as a source of revenue.
It is most important to us however, that we do not disrupt your visit to our website with these advertisements.
Thence, with the aid of Google AdSense, only adverts that are tailored to you and our themes are shown.
Like with Google’s indexation for a website, a bot examines both, the matching content and the offers on our website.
Then, the ads are adapted to and presented on the website.
Alongside the contextual overlaps between the ads and website offer, AdSense also supports interest-based targeting.
This means, that Google also uses your data to offer advertising that is tailored to you.
That way you receive ads that ideally offer you added value, and it gives us a higher chance of earning a bit.
What data is stored by Google AdSense?
Google AdSense uses cookies to display ads that are customised to you.
Cookies are little text files, that store certain information on your computer.
Cookies are supposed to enable improved advertisements in AdSense.
They do not contain any personally identifiable data.
However, it should be considered that Google does not view data such as “Pseudonymous Cookie-IDs” (name or other identification feature is replaced with a pseudonym) or IP addresses as personally identifiable information.
Although, within the framework of the GDPR, this data can be classified as personal data.
Following every impression (every time you see an ad), every click and any other activity that leads to a call on its servers, Google AdSense sends a cookie to the browser.
The cookie is then saved in the browser, provided the browser accepts it.
Under certain circumstances, third parties can place cookies in your browser, and read them or use web beacons, to store data they receive through the display of ads on the website.
Web beacons are little graphics that analyse and a record the log file.
This analysis allows a statistical evaluation for the online marketing.
Through this cookie, Google can collect certain information on your user behaviour on our website.
These include:

Information on how you interact with an ad (clicks, impressions, mouse movements)
Information if an ad has already been displayed in your browser.
This data helps to prevent an ad from showing multiple times.

Thereby, Google evaluates and analyses data on the displayed advertising material along with your IP address.
Primarily, Google uses the data to measure the effectiveness of an ad and improve the advertising offer.
Moreover, the data does not get linked to your personal data which Google might have received via other Google services.
In the following we will introduce you to the cookies that Google AdSense uses for tracking purposes.
Please note, that we will refer to a test website, which only has Google AdSense installed to it:

Name: uid
Value: 891269189121677243-8
Purpose: The cookie is stored under the domain adform.net.
It provides a uniquely assigned user ID that is generated automatically and collects data on the activity on our website.
Expiry date: after 2 months

Name: C
 Value: 1
Purpose: This cookie identifies if your browser accepts cookies.
The cookie is stored under the domain track.adform.net.
 Expiry date: after 1 month

Name: cid
 Value: 8912691894970695056,0,0,0,0
 Purpose: This cookie is saved under the domain track.adform.net.
It stands for the client ID and is used to offer you improved advertisements.
It can forward more relevant adverts to the user and helps to improve reports on campaign performance.
 Expiry date: after 2 months

Name: IDE
 Value: zOtj4TWxwbFDjaATZ2TzNaQmxrU121677243-1
 Purpose: The cookie is stored under the domain doubleclick.net.
It serves the purpose of registering your actions following an impression or a click on the ad.
Thus, it can be measured how our visitors like an ad.
Expiry data: after 1 month

Name: test_cookie
 Value: not specified
 Purpose: With the „test_cookies“ it can be verified, if your browser even supports cookies.
The cookie is saved under the domain doubleclick.net.
 Expiry date: after 1 month

Name: CT592996
 Value:733366
 Purpose: It is saved under the domain adform.net.
The cookie is placed upon your click on an ad.
We could not find any further information on the use of this cookie.
 Expiry date: after one hour

Note: This list does not claim to be exhaustive, as Google frequently change the choice of their cookies.
How long and where is the data stored?
Google retains your IP address, as well as various activities you perform on the website.
Cookies store this information with the interactions on our website.
According to Google, the company collects and saves the given information securely on its internal servers in the USA.
If you do not have a Google account or are not logged in, Google usually stores the collected data on your browser with a unique identification (ID).
The IDs saved in cookies serve e.g.
for providing personalised advertisements.
If you are logged into a Google account, Google can gather personal information.
You can delete certain data that is saved by Google anytime (see next section).
Much of the information saved in cookies get automatically deleted after a specific time.
However, there are also data which are retained by Google for a longer period.
This is the case, when Google must store certain data for an undefined, longer period due to economical or legal necessities.
How can I delete my data or prevent data retention?
You can always clear or deactivate cookies that are on your computer.
How exactly this can be done depends on the browser.
Here you can find an instruction on how you can manage cookies in your browser:
 Chrome: Clear, enable and manage cookies in Chrome 
 Safari: Manage cookies and website data in Safari 
 Firefox: Clear cookies and site data in Firefox 
 Internet Explorer: Delete and manage cookies 
 Microsoft Edge: Delete cookies in Microsoft Edge 
If you generally do not want to allow any cookies, you can set your browser to notify you whenever a potential cookie is about to be set.
This lets you decide to either permit or deny the placement of every single cookie.
By downloading and installing the browser plugin at https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996, any advertising cookies get deactivated as well.
Please note, that deactivating these cookies does not stop advertisements, it only inhibits personalised adverts.
If you have a Google account, you can deactivate personalised adverts on the website https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated.
You will continue to see ads, but they will stop being customised to your interests.
Nevertheless, the ads are displayed based on a few factors, such as your location, the browser type and the used search terms.
You can learn more about what data Google generally collects and what they are used for at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-GB.
Google Ads (Google AdWords) Conversion Tracking Privacy Policy
We use Google Ads (previously Google AdWords) as an online marketing measure, to advertise our products and services.
Thus, we want to draw more people’s attention on the internet to the high quality of our offers.
As part of our advertising measures with Google Ads, we use the conversion tracking of Google LLC., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”) on our website.
With the aid of this free tracking tool we can tailor our advertising offer better to your interests and needs.
In the following article we will explain, why we use conversion tracking, what data gets saved and how you can prevent this data retention.
What is Google Ads conversion tracking?
Google Ads (previously Google AdWords) is the internal online advertising sxstem of the company Google LLC.
We are convinced of our offer‘s quality and would like as many people as possible to discover our website.
For this, Google Ads offers the best platform within the online environment.
Of course, we also want to get an overview of the cost-benefit factor of our advertising campaigns.
Thence, we use Google Ads’ conversion tracking tool.
But what is a conversion actually? A conversion occurs, when you turn from an interested visitor into an acting website visitor.
This happens every time you click on our ad and then make another action, such as paying a visit to our website.
With Google’s conversion tracking tool, we can understand what happens after a user clicks our Google ad.
It shows us for instance if products get bought, services are used or whether users have subscribed to our newsletter.
Why do we use Google Ads conversion tracking on our website?
We use Google Ads to show our offer also across other websites.
Our aim is for our advertising campaigns to reach only those people, who are interested in our offers.
With the conversion tracking tool, we see what keywords, ads, ad groups and campaigns lead to the desired customer actions.
We see how many customers interact with our ads on a device, to then convert.
With this data we can calculate our cost-benefit-factor, measure the success of individual ad campaigns and therefore optimise our online marketing measures.
With the help of the obtained data we can give our website a more interesting design and customise our advertising offer better to your needs.
What data is stored with Google Ads conversion tracking?
For a better analysis of certain user actions, we have integrated a conversion tracking tag, or code snippet to our website.
Therefore, if you click one of our Google ads, a Google domain stores the cookie “conversion” on your computer (usually in the browser) or on your mobile device.
Cookies are little text files that save information on your computer.
Here are data of the most significant cookies for Google’s conversion tracking:

Name: Conversion
Value: EhMI_aySuoyv4gIVled3Ch0llweVGAEgt-mr6aXd7dYlSAGQ121677243-3
Purpose: This cookie saves every conversion you make on our website after you came to us via a Google ad.
Expiry date: after 3 months

Name: _gac
Value: 1.1558695989.EAIaIQobChMIiOmEgYO04gIVj5AYCh2CBAPrEAAYASAAEgIYQfD_BwE
 Purpose: This is a classic Google Analytics Cookie that records various actions on our website.
 Expiry date: after 3 months

Note: The cookie _gac only appears in connection with Google Analytics.
The above list does not claim to be exhaustive, as Google repeatedly change the cookies they use for analytical evaluation.
As soon as you complete an action on our website, Google identifies the cookie and saves your action as a so-called conversion.
For as long as you surf our website, provided the cookie has not expired, both Google and us can determine that you found your way to us via a Google ad.
Then, the cookie is read and sent back to Google Ads, together with the conversion data.
Moreover, other cookies may also be used for measuring conversions.
Google Ads‘ conversion tracking can be fine-tuned and improved with the aid of Google Analytics.
Furthermore, ads which Google displays in various places across the web, might be placed under our domain with the name “__gads” or “_gac”.
Since September 2017, analytics.js retains various campaign information with the _gac cookie.
This cookie stores data, as soon as you open one of our sites that has been set up for Google Ads’ auto-tagging.
In contrast to cookies that are placed for Google domains, Google can only read these conversion cookies when you are on our website.
We do neither collect nor receive any personal data.
We do obtain a report with statistical evaluations by Google.
With the help thereof, we can not only see the total number of users who clicked our ad, but also what advertising measures were well received.
How long and where is the data stored?
At this point we want to reiterate, that we have no influence on how Google use the collected data.
According to Google, the data are encrypted and saved on a secure server.
In most cases, conversion cookies expire after 30 days, and do not transmit any personalised data.
The cookies named “conversion“ and “_gac“ (which is used with Google Analytics) have an expiry date of 3 months.
How can I delete my data or prevent data retention?
You have the possibility to opt out of Google Ads’ conversion tracking.
The conversion tracking can be blocked by deactivating the conversion tracking cookie via your browser.
If you do this, you will not be considered for the statistic of the tracking tool.
You can change the cookie settings in your browser anytime.
Doing so, works a little different in every browser.
Hence, in the following you will find an instruction on how to manage cookies in your browser:
 Chrome: Clear, enable and manage cookies in Chrome 
 Safari: Manage cookies and website data in Safari 
 Firefox: Clear cookies and site data in Firefox 
 Internet Explorer: Delete and manage cookies 
 Microsoft Edge: Delete cookies in Microsoft Edge 
If you generally do not want to allow any cookies at all, you can set up your browser to notify you whenever a potential cookie is about to be set.
This lets you decide upon permitting or denying the cookie’s placement.
By downloading and installing the browser plugin at https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996 you can also deactivate all “advertising cookies”.
Please consider that by deactivating these cookies, you cannot prevent all advertisements, only personalised ads.
Due to the certification for the American-European data protection convention “Privacy Shield”, the American corporation Google LLC must comply to the EU’s applicable data protection laws.
If you want to find out more on data protection at Google, we recommend Google’s general Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-GB.
Google reCAPTCHA Privacy Policy
Our primary goal is to provide you an experience on our website that is as secure and protected as possible.
To do this, we use Google reCAPTCHA from Google Inc.
(1600 Amphitheater Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA).
With reCAPTCHA we can determine whether you are a real person from flesh and bones, and not a robot or a spam software.
By spam we mean any electronically undesirable information we receive involuntarily.
Classic CAPTCHAS usually needed you to solve text or picture puzzles to check.
But thanks to Google’s reCAPTCHA you usually do have to do such puzzles.
Most of the times it is enough to simply tick a box and confirm you are not a bot.
With the new Invisible reCAPTCHA version you don’t even have to tick a box.
In this privacy policy you will find out how exactly this works, and what data is used for it.
What is reCAPTCHA?
reCAPTCHA is a free captcha service from Google that protects websites from spam software and misuse by non-human visitors.
This service is used the most when you fill out forms on the Internet.
A captcha service is a type of automatic Turing-test that is designed to ensure specific actions on the Internet are done by human beings and not bots.
During the classic Turing-test (named after computer scientist Alan Turing), a person differentiates between bot and human.
With Captchas, a computer or software program does the same.
Classic captchas function with small tasks that are easy to solve for humans but provide considerable difficulties to machines.
With reCAPTCHA, you no longer must actively solve puzzles.
The tool uses modern risk techniques to distinguish people from bots.
The only thing you must do there, is to tick the text field “I am not a robot”.
However, with Invisible reCAPTCHA even that is no longer necessary.
reCAPTCHA, integrates a JavaScript element into the source text, after which the tool then runs in the background and analyses your user behaviour.
The software calculates a so-called captcha score from your user actions.
Google uses this score to calculate the likelihood of you being a human, before entering the captcha.
reCAPTCHA and Captchas in general are used every time bots could manipulate or misuse certain actions (such as registrations, surveys, etc.).
Why do we use reCAPTCHA on our website?
We only want to welcome people from flesh and bones on our side and want bots or spam software of all kinds to stay away.
Therefore, we are doing everything we can to stay protected and to offer you the highest possible user friendliness.
For this reason, we use Google reCAPTCHA from Google.
Thus, we can be pretty sure that we will remain a “bot-free” website.
Using reCAPTCHA, data is transmitted to Google to determine whether you genuinely are human.
reCAPTCHA thus ensures our website’s and subsequently your security.
Without reCAPTCHA it could e.g.
happen that a bot would register as many email addresses as possible when registering, in order to subsequently “spam” forums or blogs with unwanted advertising content.
With reCAPTCHA we can avoid such bot attacks.
What data is stored by reCAPTCHA?
reCAPTCHA collects personal user data to determine whether the actions on our website are made by people.
Thus, IP addresses and other data Google needs for its reCAPTCHA service, may be sent to Google.
Within member states of the European Economic Area, IP addresses are almost always compressed before the data makes its way to a server in the USA.
Moreover, your IP address will not be combined with any other of Google’s data, unless you are logged into your Google account while using reCAPTCHA.
Firstly, the reCAPTCHA algorithm checks whether Google cookies from other Google services (YouTube, Gmail, etc.) have already been placed in your browser.
Then reCAPTCHA sets an additional cookie in your browser and takes a snapshot of your browser window.
The following list of collected browser and user data is not exhaustive.
Rather, it provides examples of data, which to our knowledge, is processed by Google.

Referrer URL (the address of the page the visitor has come from)
IP-address (z.B.
256.123.123.1)
Information on the operating system (the software that enables the operation of your computers.
Popular operating systems are Windows, Mac OS X or Linux)
Cookies (small text files that save data in your browser)
Mouse and keyboard behaviour (every action you take with your mouse or keyboard is stored)
Date and language settings (the language and date you have set on your PC is saved)
All Javascript objects (JavaScript is a programming language that allows websites to adapt to the user.
JavaScript objects can collect all kinds of data under one name)
Screen resolution (shows how many pixels the image display consists of)

Google may use and analyse this data even before you click on the “I am not a robot” checkmark.
In the Invisible reCAPTCHA version, there is no need to even tick at all, as the entire recognition process runs in the background.
Moreover, Google have not given details on what information and how much data they retain.
The following cookies are used by reCAPTCHA: With the following list we are referring to Google’s reCAPTCHA demo version at https://www.google.com/recaptcha/api2/demo.
For tracking purposes, all these cookies require a unique identifier.
Here is a list of cookies that Google reCAPTCHA has set in the demo version:

Name: IDE
Value: WqTUmlnmv_qXyi_DGNPLESKnRNrpgXoy1K-pAZtAkMbHI-121677243-8
 Purpose:This cookie is set by DoubleClick (which is owned by Google) to register and report a user’s interactions with advertisements.
With it, ad effectiveness can be measured, and appropriate optimisation measures can be taken.
IDE is stored in browsers under the domain doubleclick.net.
 Expiry date: after one year

Name: 1P_JAR
 Value: 2019-5-14-12
Purpose: This cookie collects website usage statistics and measures conversions.
A conversion e.g.
takes place, when a user becomes a buyer.
The cookie is also used to display relevant adverts to users.
Furthermore, the cookie can prevent a user from seeing the same ad more than once.
 Expiry date: after one month

Name: ANID
 Value: U7j1v3dZa1216772430xgZFmiqWppRWKOr
 Purpose:We could not find out much about this cookie.
In Google’s privacy statement, the cookie is mentioned in connection with “advertising cookies” such as “DSID”, “FLC”, “AID” and “TAID”.
ANID is stored under the domain google.com.
Expiry date: after 9 months

Name: CONSENT
 Value: YES+AT.de+20150628-20-0
 Purpose: This cookie stores the status of a user’s consent to the use of various Google services.
CONSENT also serves to prevent fraudulent logins and to protect user data from unauthorised attacks.
 Expiry date: after 19 years

Name: NID
 Value: 0WmuWqy121677243zILzqV_nmt3sDXwPeM5Q
 Purpose: Google uses NID to customise advertisements to your Google searches.
With the help of cookies, Google “remembers” your most frequently entered search queries or your previous ad interactions.
Thus, you always receive advertisements tailored to you.
The cookie contains a unique ID to collect users’ personal settings for advertising purposes.
 Expiry date: after 6 months

Name: DV
 Value: gEAABBCjJMXcI0dSAAAANbqc121677243-4
 Purpose: This cookie is set when you tick the “I am not a robot” checkmark.
Google Analytics uses the cookie personalised advertising.
DV collects anonymous information and is also used to distinct between users.
 Expiry date: after 10 minutes

Note: We do not claim for this list to be extensive, as Google often change the choice of their cookies.
How long and where are the data stored?
Due to the integration of reCAPTCHA, your data will be transferred to the Google server.
Google have not disclosed where exactly this data is stored, despite repeated inquiries.
But even without confirmation from Google, it can be assumed that data such as mouse interaction, length of stay on a website or language settings are stored on the European or American Google servers.
The IP address that your browser transmits to Google does generally not get merged with other Google data from the company’s other services.
However, the data will be merged if you are logged in to your Google account while using the reCAPTCHA plug-in.
Google’s diverging privacy policy applies for this.

How can I delete my data or prevent data storage?
If you want to prevent any data about you and your behaviour to be transmitted to Google, you must fully log out of Google and delete all Google cookies before visiting our website or use the reCAPTCHA software.
Generally, the data is automatically sent to Google as soon as you visit our website.
To delete this data, you must contact Google Support at https://support.google.com/?hl=en-GB&tid=121677243.
If you use our website, you agree that Google LLC and its representatives automatically collect, edit and use data.
You can find out more about reCAPTCHA on Google’s Developers page at https://developers.google.com/recaptcha/.
While Google do give more detail on the technical development of reCAPTCHA there, they have not disclosed precise information about data retention and data protection.
A good, basic overview of the use of data however, can be found in the company’s internal privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-GB.
Cloudflare Privacy Policy
We use Cloudflare by the company Cloudflare, Inc.
(101 Townsend St., San Francisco, CA 94107, USA) on this website to enhance its speed and security.
For this, Cloudflare uses cookies and processes user data.
Cloudflare, Inc.
is an American company that offers a content delivery network and various security services.
These services take place between the user and our hosting provider.
In the following, we will try to explain in detail what all this means.
What is Cloudflare?
A content delivery network (CDN), as provided by Cloudflare, is nothing more than a network of servers that are connected to each other.
Cloudflare has deployed servers around the world, which ensure websites can appear on your screen faster.
Simply put, Cloudflare makes copies of our website and places them on its own servers.
Thus, when you visit our website, a load distribution system ensures that the main part of our website is delivered by a server that can display our website to you as quickly as possible.
The CDN significantly shortens the route of the transmitted data to your browser.
Thus, Cloudflare does not only deliver our website’s content from our hosting server, but from servers from all over the world.
Cloudflare is particularly helpful for users from abroad, since pages can be delivered from a nearby server.
In addition to the fast delivery of websites, Cloudflare also offers various security services, such as DDoS protection, or the web application firewall.
Why do we use Cloudflare on our website?
Of course, we want our website to offer you the best possible service.
Cloudflare helps us make our website faster and more secure.
Cloudflare offers us web optimisations as well as security services such as DDoS protection and a web firewall.
Moreover, this includes a Reverse-Proxy and the content distribution network (CDN).
Cloudflare blocks threats and limits abusive bots as well as crawlers that waste our bandwidth and server resources.
By storing our website in local data centres and blocking spam software, Cloudflare enables us to reduce our bandwidth usage by about 60%.
Furthermore, the provision of content through a data centre near you and certain web optimizations carried out there, cut the average loading time of a website in about half.
According to Cloudflare, the setting “I’m Under Attack Mode” can be used to mitigate further attacks by displaying a JavaScript calculation task that must be solved before a user can access a website.
Overall, this makes our website significantly more powerful and less susceptible to spam or other attacks.
What data is stored by Cloudflare?
Cloudflare generally only transmits data that is controlled by website operators.
Therefore, Cloudflare does not determine the content, but the website operator themselves does.
Additionally, Cloudflare may collect certain information about the use of our website and may process data we send or data which Cloudflare has received certain instructions for.
Mostly, Cloudflare receives data such as IP addresses, contacts and protocol information, security fingerprints and websites’ performance data.
Log data for example helps Cloudflare identify new threats.
That way, Cloudflare can ensure a high level of security for our website.
As part of their services, Cloudflare process this data in compliance with the applicable laws.
Of course, this also includes the compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Furthermore, Cloudflare uses a cookie for security reasons.
The cookie (__cfduid) is used to identify individual users behind a shared IP address, and to apply security settings for each individual user.
The cookie is very useful, if you e.g.
use our website from a restaurant where several infected computers are located.
However, if your computer is trustworthy, we can recognise that with the cookie.
Hence, you will be able to freely and carelessly surf our website, despite the infected PCs in your area.
Another point that is important to know, is that this cookie does not store any personal data.
The cookie is essential for Cloudflare’s security functions and cannot be deactivated.
Cookies from Cloudflare

Name: __cfduid
Value: d798bf7df9c1ad5b7583eda5cc5e78121677243-3
Purpose: Security settings for each individual visitor
Expiry date: after one year
Cloudflare also works with third parties.
They may however only process personal data after the instruction of Cloudflare and in accordance with the data protection guidelines and other confidentiality and security measures.
Without explicit consent from us, Cloudflare will not pass on any personal data.
How long and where is the data stored?
Cloudflare stores your information primarily in the United States and the European Economic Area.
Cloudflare can transfer and access the information described above, from all over the world.
In general, Cloudflare stores domains’ user-level data with the Free, Pro and Business versions for less than 24 hours.
For enterprise domains that have activated Cloudflare Logs (previously called Enterprise LogShare or ELS), data can be stored for up to 7 days.
However, if IP addresses trigger security warnings in Cloudflare, there may be exceptions to the storage period mentioned above.
How can I delete my data or prevent data retention?
Cloudflare only keeps data logs for as long as necessary and in most cases deletes the data within 24 hours.
Cloudflare also does not store any personal data, such as your IP address.
However, there is information that Cloudflare store indefinitely as part of their permanent logs.
This is done to improve the overall performance of Cloudflare Resolver and to identify potential security risks.
You can find out exactly which permanent logs are saved at https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/commitment-to-privacy/privacy-policy/privacy-policy/.
All data Cloudflare collects (temporarily or permanently) is cleared of all personal data.
Cloudflare also anonymise all permanent logs.
In their privacy policy, Cloudflare state that they are not responsible for the content you receive.
For example, if you ask Cloudflare whether you can update or delete content, Cloudflare will always refer to us as the website operator.
You can also completely prevent the collection and processing of your data by Cloudflare, when you deactivate the execution of script-code in your browser, or if you integrate a script blocker to your browser.
Cloudflare is an active participant in the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework, which regulates the correct and secure transfer of personal data.
You can find more information on this at https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnZKAA0.
You can learn more on Cloudflare’s data protection at https://www.cloudflare.com/en-gb/privacypolicy/.
jQuery CDN Privacy Policy
We use jQuery CDN services by the jQuery Foundation to deliver our website and our subpages to you quickly and easily on different devices.
jQuery is distributed via the Content Delivery Network (CDN) of the American software company StackPath (LCC 2012 McKinney Ave.
Suite 1100, Dallas, TX 75201, USA).
This service stores, manages and processes your personal data.
A content delivery network (CDN) is a network of regionally distributed servers that are connected to each other via the Internet.
Through this network content and especially very large files, can be delivered quickly – even in peak demand periods.
jQuery uses JavaScript libraries to be able to deliver our website content quickly.
For this, a CDN server loads the necessary files.
As soon as a connection to the CDN server is established, your IP address is recorded and stored.
This only happens if the data has not already been saved in your browser during a previous website visit.
StackPath’s privacy policy explicitly mentions that StackPath uses aggregated and anonymised data of various services (such as jQuery) for both, security enhancement and its own services.
However, it is impossible for you to be personally identified with the use of this data.
If you want to avoid this data transfer, you always have the option to use JavaScript blockers such as ghostery.com or noscript.net.
You can also simply deactivate the execution of JavaScript codes in your browser.
If you decide to deactivate JavaScript codes, the usual functions will also change.
For example, websites may no longer load as quickly.
StackPath is an active participant in the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework, which regulates the correct and secure transfer of personal data.
You can find more information at https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000CbahAAC&status=Active.
Also, you can find more information about StackPath’s data protection at https://www.stackpath.com/legal/privacy-statement/ and jQuery’s data protection at https://openjsf.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/84/2019/11/OpenJS-Foundation-Privacy-Policy-2019-11-15.pdf.
jsdelivr.com-CDN Privacy Policy
In order for us to be able to deliver our individual websites to you quickly and correctly on different devices, we use the open source services of jsdelivr.com by the Polish software company ProspectOne, Królewska 65A/1, 30-081, Kraków, Poland.
jsDelivr is a Content Delivery Network (CDN).
This is a network of regionally distributed servers that are connected via the Internet.
As a result, content, especially large files, can be delivered quickly and optimally, even with large peak loads.
jsDelivr is designed to enable the download of JavaScript libraries that are hosted on npm and Github servers.
WordPress plugins can also be loaded, provided they are hosted on WordPress.org.
To be able to provide this service, your browser may send personal data to jsdelivr.com.
can Therefore, jsDelivr can collect and save user data such as IP address, browser type, browser version, information on which website is loaded or the time and date of the page visit.
The jsdelivr.com privacy policy expressly states that the company does not use cookies or other tracking services.
If you want to prevent this data transmission, you can install a JavaScript blocker (for example at https://noscript.net/).
However, please note that this means that the website then can no longer offer its usual services (such as fast loading speeds).
Further information on data processing by the software service jsDelivr can be found in the company’s privacy policy at https://www.jsdelivr.com/privacy-policy-jsdelivr-net.
All texts are copyrighted.Source: Created with the Datenschutz Generator by AdSimple Subscribe to our newsletter 


 Subscribe 
This newsletter is an emergency newsletter.
You can find the unsubscribe link inside the Welcome-Email. Fast links

Home
Services
Blog
Impressum
Cookie Policy
 Contact Info office@flawcra.cc Credits 

Icons by Icons8



Copyright ©2021 All rights reserved



