
        Privacy PolicyYour privacy is critically important to us.
We see it as our ethical responsibility to treat your data carefully.
We will never sell your data to third parties.
We don’t set any cookies that might be used to track you across the internet.
FlowCV is a product of the UNIQKORN Creative GmbH which is based in the EU in Austria.
Therefore we are bound by and adhere to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
By using FlowCV, you consent to the collection and use of your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions, please contact us via email contact@flowcv.comWhat is personal information?Personal information is any information that can personally identify a person to whom it belongs.
This may include (but is not limited to): name, age, citizenship, gender, postcode, and contact details (including phone numbers and email addresses).What personal information does FlowCV use?FlowCV offers the possibility to try out most of the product features without creating an account.
While trying out FlowCV your personal information will be stored in your browser storage and will not leave your device.
When you create a FlowCV account, we will save any basic account information, as well as the information you want to be included in one of our products (resume, cover letter, personal website, email signature, job applications tracker).
In addition to the information you enter yourself, we will save some basic information, such as how often you downloaded your resume or when was the last time you logged in to your account.
When you use one of our paid features we will ask you for payment details.
We do not save your payment details, only payment related infos, such as the amount and an identification number of the respective payment.
We also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit FlowCV.
This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol („IP”) address, your location (city, country), browser type, browser version, and the pages of FlowCV that you visit, the time and date of your visit.How does FlowCV use my personal information?You can rest assured that your personal information will only be used for purposes directly related to FlowCV.
We are based in the EU and conform to General Data Protection Laws (GDPR) for all of our users.
We retain your personal information only as long as you have an account with us.
Purposes for which we will use your information:

Operate FlowCV and provide you with our platform’s core features.
Manage our relationship with you, like by responding to your comments or queries submitted to us.
If you opted into receiving our newsletter, we might send you relevant and informational content that might interest or inspire you in order to help you in your career.
To customize your FlowCV experience, e.g.
prefilling a product template with your information.
Monitor activity on FlowCV, like to identify potentially fraudulent activity and to ensure compliance with the terms of service.
Manage our legal and operational affairs.
Carry out technical analysis and efforts to improve FlowCV.
Update you with operational news and information about FlowCV, e.g., to notify you about changes, upgrades or security updates.
Perform internal administrative activities.

In order to operate FlowCV we utilize third-party service providers (e.g.
server infrastructure, database) that will process your personal data.
In GDPR terms we act as a data controller and the services we work with are data processors.
As a data controller we follow our duty to only work with data processors that meet the GDPR requirements.How we protect your personal informationWe do our best to ensure the security and confidentiality of your data.
These include physical, electronic and administrative safeguards such as firewalls, data encryption, SSL, data anonymization and other up-to-date technologies.
Once we receive your data, we protect it on our servers using a combination of administrative, physical and logical security safeguards.
We also recommend that you try secure your personal computing devices.Cookies &amp.
AnalyticsWe only use technical cookies and we do not set any cookies by third parties that might be used to track you across the internet.
For our web analytics we use the privacy-focused analytics solution by https://plausible.io, which will not set any cookies.Your rightsYou have certain rights according to the applicable data protection regulation.
Rights related to your personal data include among others the right to access, modify, transfer, withdraw usage consent and the right to be permanently forgotton.
You can request deletion of your personal information by deleting your account or by contacting us through email contact@flowcv.com.
Once you requested deletion, all of your data will be immediately deleted from our database.
Copies of your personal information might still exist inside database backups for up to 30 days.
To exercise your rights, please use our website or contact us via email contact@flowcv.com.Changes to our Privacy PolicyWe may change our privacy policy to reflect current acceptable practices.
We will take reasonable steps to let users know about changes via our website.
Your continued use of this site after any changes to this policy will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information.
If we make a significant change to this privacy policy, for example changing a lawful basis on which we process your personal information, we will ask you to re-consent to the amended privacy policy.TranslationOur Privacy Policy was originally written in English.
We may translate it into other languages.
In the event of a conflict between a translated version of our Privacy Policy and the English version, the English version will control.
This policy is effective as of 18th March 2021.
