
        You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.We're Live with Barclays 🎉HelpCareers👋 are you a business? MenuTerms &amp.
ConditionsTerms &amp.
ConditionsBank Privacy PolicyWebsite Privacy PolicyThe full termsThese terms are valid for Monzo and Starling customers who sign up to the Flux Service via their banking app on or after August 16th, 2018.These terms do not apply to Barclays customers who switch on digital receipts via the Barclays mobile banking app.
To access Barclays T&Cs for digital receipts, please refer to the Barclays mobile banking app or contact Barclays.Flux Systems Limited a company incorporated and registered in England and Wales with company number 09882195 whose registered office is at Flux Systems Limited, Office N101, People’s Mission Hall, 20 - 30 Whitechapel Road, E1 1EW.
(“We”, “Us”, “Our” or “Flux”) operates the functionality in your mobile banking application and online banking or electronic money account (your “Banking App”) as part of the “Flux Service”.
We are regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority as an “account information service provider” (as such term is defined in the Payment Services Regulations 2017 (“PSRs”)), with registration number 791567
When you make a purchase from selected retailers (“Retailers”) with your banking account (“Bank Account”), Flux will provide you with an e-receipt for the purchase which will be attached to the transaction in your Banking App and, if you agree, Retailers may choose to provide loyalty schemes and personalized offers to you through the Flux Service.

1.
Introduction

Please read these terms and conditions (the “Terms”) and Our privacy policy, available here: https://tryflux.com/legal/privacy (“Privacy Policy”) very carefully.
You acknowledge and agree that by clicking on “Accept” or “Install”, you signify that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these Terms and Our Privacy Policy.
If you do not accept these Terms or Our Privacy Policy, you are not permitted to use the Flux Service and Flux will not link the Flux Service with your Banking App.


We recommend that you save or print a copy of the Terms for future reference.
If needed you will also be able to find the Flux terms here: https://www.tryflux.com/legal/terms.


Any terms you have with your respective mobile network provider (“Mobile Provider”) or your internet service provider (“Internet Service Provider”) continue to apply and you may be charged by the Mobile Provider and the Internet Service Provider for access to network connection services for the duration of the connection while accessing your Flux Service.
You will be solely responsible for any costs and other charges or expenses charged by your internet service provider or network operator and any other third party provider in relation to your internet service, your mobile service and any use of your Flux Service including the downloading of the Banking App.
In the event you are not the bill payer for the device being used to access your Flux Service, you will be assumed to have obtained permission from the relevant bill payer for using your Flux Service.


Any terms which apply to your use of the Banking App will continue to apply to your use of the Banking App and those terms will not be amended by these Terms.
These Terms apply only to your use of your Flux Service.




Whilst all of these Terms are important, you should pay particular attention to:






the conditions of use of your Flux Service as set out in paragraph 8;






when We may terminate these Terms as set out in paragraph 17.
and






Our liability to you as set out in paragraph 11.






Your Flux Service is for domestic, personal or business use.
If you use your Flux Service for any commercial, business or resale purpose We will have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.



2.
Your Flux Service

The Flux Service offers you the ability to store e-receipts from Retailers for purchases you make with the credit and debit cards associated with your Bank Account.
These e-receipts are created by matching data regarding the transactions associated with those cards provided by you via your Bank Account, by Retailers and by the companies operating the Retailers’ payment or data systems (the “Retailers’ Data Providers”).
All data will be handled in accordance with our Privacy Policy found here: https://tryflux.com/legal/privacy.


The data and e-receipts which are attached to the transaction in your Banking App and are powered by the Flux Service will be owned by Us.
By using your Flux Service, you agree to give Us access to the information in your accounts held at your bank and the information about your transactions held by the Retailers, the Retailers’ Data Providers and to use that information in the ways set out in the Privacy Policy.


The creation of this data and the e-receipts is dependent on Flux receiving correct, timely data regarding your account via your bank, Retailers and Retailers’ Data Providers.
Flux shall not be responsible for any errors arising from incorrect or incomplete data, or data which is delivered to your Flux Service late.


You will provide Flux with such information as may reasonably be required by Flux in order to provide your Flux Service.


Over time, your Flux Service may provide you with access to information relating to the purchases you have made with Retailers that we think will be interesting and helpful to you, for example nutritional information relating to the food products you have purchased.
We will write to you to tell you about these new services and features and you will be given the ability to opt in to receive these additional services.Open banking and account information services

We also provide an “account information service” in accordance with the PSRs.
These services allow us to collect your banking information on one or more of your payment accounts held by your payment service providers, i.e.
the transaction data held by the providers of your bank account, (“consolidated information”).


If you wish to use the account information service, you hereby:


consent to Flux collecting and using your consolidated information in order to provide the account information service to you.
and


to the extent that any intellectual property rights are contained in the consolidated information, and such intellectual property rights belong to you, grant to Flux a non-exclusive licence to use such intellectual property rights to the extent necessary for Flux to perform the account information service.




We shall not charge you to use the account information service.Communications to Flux customers under the Payment Services Regulations 2017

To the extent Flux is required to make communications under the PSRs, We shall either:


communicate general messages to customers via in-app notification, text message or, if you have provided one, to your email address.
and


communicate messages specific to individual customers via text message.




In the event of suspected fraud, We shall contact you using the contact details you provided to us during the Flux registration process.



3.
Registration And Contacting Flux

The Flux Service is owned and managed by Us.
We can be contacted by writing to Flux Systems Limited, Office N101, People’s Mission Hall, 20 - 30 Whitechapel Road, E1 1EW.
or by email at help@tryflux.com.
The language of communication will be English.
If you experience any problems with the Flux Service please do not hesitate to get in touch, Flux will aim to respond to all requests within 1 working day.


You acknowledge and agree that the information provided by you to Us is true, accurate and correct.
You agree to promptly notify Us in writing or by email in the event of any changes to any of your information.


Any login details you create in relation to your Flux Service are for your own personal use only and you must keep your login details confidential and secure.
Sharing your login details with any other person is strictly prohibited.


You must notify Us immediately if you suspect or become aware of any unauthorised use of your Flux Service login details or any breach of Our security by sending an email to Us athelp@tryflux.com and giving details of the unauthorised use or breach.


Without prejudice to Our rights and remedies, We reserve the right to promptly disable your Flux Service login details and suspend access to your Flux Service, if in Our reasonable opinion, We believe that you have breached any of the provisions of these Terms.



4.
Your Privacy

We only use any personal data We collect through your use of your Flux Service in the ways set out in Our Privacy Policy which can be found here: https://tryflux.com/legal/privacy.


Please be aware that internet transmissions are never completely private or secure and that any message or information you send using your Flux Service may be read or intercepted by others, even if there is a special notice that a particular transmission is encrypted.



5.
Loyalty Schemes And Cashback

If you have consented, Retailers may use your Flux Service to send you offers, including inviting you to participate in loyalty schemes with one or more Retailers (each a “Loyalty Scheme”).


Where available, your participation in Loyalty Schemes across the Banking App and other Flux enabled applications will be aggregated.
This will allow you to participate in a Loyalty Scheme using multiple payment methods and may mean that your entitlement to Cashback (as set out below) arises sooner.
We will inform you in writing when and where this aggregated participation method is available.


The Retailer is solely responsible for any retargeting (such as direct advertising or offers to you) which it carries out through the Flux Service and for the content of any messages.
You will only receive these if you have explicitly consented either at sign-up or as an option in your Banking App’s marketplace for example.
These retargeting messages may include discounted offers on items which may be of interest.
Flux commits to ensure that you are always able to easily opt out by emailing help@tryflux.com and any available channels in the Banking App.
Flux is committed to build transparency into how your data is used.
Your may receive retargeting messages and access to Loyalty Schemes through the Flux Service but the Retailer remains responsible for ensuring that the retargeting and Loyalty Schemes are compliant with applicable laws.


If you decide to participate in a Loyalty Scheme offered by a Retailer, you may be eligible to receive a payment from Us (“Cashback”) as follows.
The Retailer may provide Flux with a commission in exchange for anonymised information about transactions you make with the Retailer and for promoting the Retailer’s Loyalty Scheme to you.
Flux in turn makes Cashback available to you in exchange for your participation in the Loyalty Scheme and for providing access to the anonymised information about your transactions.


When Flux receives commission from the Retailer, Flux will hold the commission as its own funds.
Our obligation to pay Cashback to you arises under these Terms and not under any agreement you or We may have with the Retailer.


Once We have verified information that your transactions with a Retailer have met the requirements of that Retailer’s Loyalty Scheme, We will notify you that there is Cashback due to you.
We will then make a Cashback payment to you by paying the value of the Cashback straight into the bank account from which you paid for the transaction within 1 working day that triggered the entitlement to Cashback, subject to the following limitations.


We reserve the right not to make a payment of Cashback if these Terms are terminated by you or Us before a Cashback payment becomes due.


The exact amount of Cashback you will receive is set by the terms of each Loyalty Scheme as provided to Us by the Retailer, and Our ability to operate the Loyalty Scheme is dependent on the information We receive from Retailers and the Retailers’ Data Providers.


Flux shall be entitled to stop providing any Loyalty Scheme:


for legal or regulatory reasons;


if a Retailer has failed to pay Flux’s fees for providing the Loyalty Scheme to you.
or


if a Retailer has decided to stop providing a Loyalty Scheme.


However in the event that We stop providing any Loyalty Scheme, we will still provide Cashback in relation to any redemption event that you may have earned prior to the end of the Loyalty Scheme, but do not redeem until after the Loyalty Scheme is no longer provided.



6.
Technical Requirements

In order to use your Flux Service, you are required to have internet access and a device with the Banking App installed.
Your device will need to meet the necessary minimum specifications set to operate the Banking App.


You must ensure that your device contains adequate anti-virus protection and any appropriate firewall protections to prevent unauthorised access and use.


We reserve the right to upgrade the functionality of the Flux Service from time to time.
This may require you to update, at your own cost, the functionality of other compatible software in order to ensure compatibility with the Flux Service.
If you upgrade your Banking App you will automatically receive the latest version of the Flux Service with the latest functionality.



7.
Availability
We will try to ensure that your Flux Service is available for use at all times.
However, your Flux Service is provided over the internet and mobile networks and as part of the Banking App and so its operation and availability may be affected by factors outside of Our control at any time for any reason.
We do not guarantee that use of or access to your Flux Service will always be available and/or uninterrupted, or that it will always be error-free.


8.
Conditions Of Use

In return for your agreeing to comply with these Terms, you may:


access your Flux Service on your device as part of your Banking App and view, use and display your Flux Service on the device for your personal purposes only.
and


use any related documentation to support use of your Flux Service as permitted by these Terms.




Your right to use your Flux Service is personal to you.
You may not otherwise transfer access to your Flux Service or the content stored in your Flux Service to anyone else for any reason.
You are permitted to share screenshots of the e-receipts stored in your Flux Service to the extent that you need to provide copies of the e-receipts to third parties, for example where you need to show a Retailer your receipt if you need to make a return or if you need to provide your employer with a receipt to make an expenses claim, however you must not provide third parties with direct access to your Flux Service.


The ways in which you can use your Flux Service may also be governed by terms imposed by the app store from which you downloaded the Banking App.
In the event of a conflict between these Terms and the relevant app store terms, the app store terms shall take priority.



9.
Restrictions

Unless you have requested and received Our prior written consent or unless expressly permitted in these Terms, you must not:


copy any part of the Flux Service except as part of the normal use of your Flux Service or where it is necessary for the purpose of back-up;


distribute, sub-license, assign, share, or otherwise transfer the Flux Service or your right to use your Flux Service;


circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security-related features of your Flux Service or features that (x) prevent or restrict use or copying of any part of the Flux Service or (y) enforce limitations on use of your Flux Service, in each case other than to exercise your rights under paragraph 9.1(a);


use your Flux Service in any unlawful manner, for any unlawful purpose, or in any manner inconsistent with these Terms, or act fraudulently or maliciously (for example, by hacking into or inserting malicious code, such as viruses, or harmful data, into your Flux Service or into any operating system);


infringe any rights (including intellectual property rights) belonging to Us or any third party in relation to your use of your Flux Service;


transmit any material that is defamatory, offensive or otherwise objectionable in relation to your use of your Flux Service;


use your Flux Service in a way that could damage, disable, overburden, impair or compromise Our systems or security or interfere with other users.
or


use your Flux Service in any manner not expressly authorised by these Terms.




You must comply with any applicable third party terms and conditions in respect of your use of your Flux Service.



10.
Intellectual Property Rights
All intellectual property rights in the Flux Service and related documentation throughout the world belong to Us and Our licensors and the rights in your Flux Service are licensed (not sold) to you.
You have no intellectual property rights in, or to, your Flux Service or related documentation other than the right to use them in accordance with these Terms.


11.
Our Liability

If We fail to comply with these Terms, We are responsible for loss or damage you suffer that is a foreseeable result of Our being in breach of these Terms or Our failing to use reasonable care and skill, but We are not responsible for any loss or damage that is not foreseeable.
Loss or damage is foreseeable if either it is obvious that it will happen or if, at the time you accepted these Terms, both We and you knew it might happen.


We will only be liable to you up to the value of the e-receipt or the Cashback which is due (as applicable) in relation to any loss or damage which you have suffered that is foreseeable, and to the extent that we have caused that loss or damage.
For example, if you are unable to return an item because we have provided you with an incorrect or incomplete receipt, and we are unable to provide a suitable replacement receipt, we will be liable to you up to the value of the product.


Circumstances where loss or damage is not foreseeable includes but shall not be limited to:


any use of your Flux Service in a manner that We do not authorise;


ending, suspending or restricting use of your Flux Service in accordance with these Terms;


any loss or damage caused by Us in circumstances where there is no breach of a contractual obligation or legal duty owed to you by Us.
or


any loss or damage (including to any device or content belonging to you) caused by Us to the extent that such loss or damage results from your negligence, your failure to follow Our reasonable instructions or any other breach of these Terms (or any other contract you have in place with Us), unless and to the extent that We were in breach of a legal obligation or duty of care owed to you by Us.




Nothing in the Terms excludes or limits Our liability for death or personal injury arising from Our negligence, or Our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited under English law.


We recommend that you back up any content and data used in connection with your Flux Service, to protect yourself in case of problems with your Flux Service.


Your Flux Service has not been developed to meet your individual requirements.
Please check that the facilities and functions of your Flux Service (as described on the app store and in the related documentation) meet your requirements.


If Our provision of support for your Flux Service is delayed by an event outside Our control then We will contact you as soon as possible to let you know and We will take steps to minimise the effect of the delay.
Provided We do this We will not be liable for delays caused by the event but you may terminate these Terms by ceasing to use your Flux Service and deleting or removing it from your device.


Your Flux Service, which is available through your Banking App and other third party applications, is controlled and offered by Us from Our facilities in United Kingdom.
We make no representations that your Flux Service is appropriate or available for use in other locations.
Those who access or use your Flux Service from other jurisdictions do so of their own volition and are responsible for compliance with local law.



12.
Third Party Websites

You acknowledge that your Flux Service may contain links to third party websites (whether by way of advertisements or otherwise) that are not owned or controlled by Us.
Such links are provided for your reference only.
We do not control such websites and are not responsible for the contents or your use of them, and as a result We do not accept responsibility for the availability, suitability, reliability or content of such third party websites.


Our inclusion of such hyperlinks in your Flux Service does not imply any endorsement of the material or the views expressed within them.



13.
Support

If you think your Flux Service is faulty or misdescribed or wish to contact Us for any other reason please email Our customer service team at help@tryflux.com.


If We have to contact you We will do so by email, by SMS, by push notification or by pre-paid post, using the contact details you have provided to Us.



14.
Changes To Your Flux Service

From time to time We may automatically update your Flux Service to improve performance, enhance functionality, reflect changes to the operating system or address security issues.
Alternatively, We may ask you to update your Flux Service for these reasons.


If you choose not to install such updates or if you opt out of automatic updates you may not be able to continue using your Flux Service.



15.
Changes To These Terms

These Terms may only be modified with Our prior written consent.
We may alter or amend these Terms, including introducing new terms, that are: (i) the result of a change in the law or regulation or Our business.
(ii) necessary for the provision of your Flux Service.
or (iii) the result of any improvements to your Flux Service.


Subject to paragraph 15.3, if We make any changes (including any changes to Our policies), We will give two (2) months’ prior written notice to you by email.
If you notify Us in writing or by email within the two (2) months that you do not accept the change, these Terms will terminate immediately.
By continuing to use your Flux Service after the two (2) month period, you are accepting such changes to these Terms.


We are under no obligation to notify you of any changes to these Terms that result in minor adjustments or corrections to these Terms.



16.
Transfer Of Rights

We may transfer Our rights and obligations under these Terms to another organisation.
We will always tell you in writing or by email if this happens and We will ensure that the transfer will not affect your rights under the these Terms.


You may only transfer your rights or your obligations under these Terms to another person if We agree in writing or by email.



17.
Termination

These Terms apply from when you click “I Accept” upon linking your Flux Service with your Bank Account and will remain in full force and effect while you use your Flux Service until terminated in accordance with this paragraph 17 or paragraph 15.2.


We may terminate these Terms and your use of your Flux Service, or suspend your use of your Flux Service, immediately by written notice to you if:


We consider that you have used your Flux Service in violation of these Terms;


in Our reasonable opinion, We believe there has been unauthorised access to your Flux Service.
or


We have a legal or regulatory obligation imposed on us, which requires Us to cease providing your Flux Service.




We may terminate these Terms and your use of your Flux Service, or suspend your use of your Flux Service, by written notice to you for any other reason provided that We give you two (2) months’ written notice by email, SMS or via an electronic communication via your Flux Service.


You can terminate these Terms by ceasing to use your Flux Service and contacting Us by email on help@tryflux.com asking Us to turn off the connection between your Flux Service and your Banking App.


Upon termination for any reason:


all rights granted to you under these Terms cease, including any rights under a loyalty scheme;


you must cease all activities authorised by these Terms.
and


you must delete or remove your Flux Service from your device.





18.
General

These Terms do not give rise to any rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to allow anyone other than you or Us to enforce any term of these Terms or the Privacy Policy.


Even if We delay in enforcing these Terms, We can still enforce it later.
If We do not insist immediately that you do anything you are required to do under these Terms, or if We delay in taking steps against you in respect of your breaching these Terms, that will not mean that you do not have to do those things and it will not prevent Us taking steps against you at a later date.


These Terms are governed by English law (including non-contractual disputes or claims) and you can bring legal proceedings in respect of these Terms and your Flux Service in the English courts.
If you live in Scotland you can bring legal proceedings in respect of these Terms and your Flux Service in either the Scottish or the English courts.
If you live in Northern Ireland you can bring legal proceedings in respect of these Terms and your Flux Service in either the Northern Irish or the English courts.


If any provision of the Terms is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the relevant provision shall be deemed modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it valid, and the invalidity of such provision will not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms which will remain in full force and effect.


Without prejudice to any other rights or remedies that We may have, you acknowledge and agree that damages alone would not be an adequate remedy for any breach of these Terms by you.
Accordingly, We shall be entitled to the remedies of injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief for any threatened or actual breach of these Terms.


To contact us, please email help@tryflux.com.



Versions18th August 201813th January 201824th June 2017Liberating the world’s receipt dataCompanyAbout UsCareers - We're hiring!PressBeat the receiptDigital receiptsFAQSupported retailersYour privacyPartnersAre you a business?NewsBlogStatusNeed help?hello@tryflux.comHelp Centre© 2021 Flux Systems Limited is registered in England and Wales (No.
09882195) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority as an Account Information Services Provider under the firm reference number 791 567.
EU and US Patent Pending (Application No.
EP3396609)Terms &amp.
Conditions·Bank Privacy Policy·Website Privacy Policy·Manage cookies Can we use analytical cookies?  Some of our cookies are necessary which means they will always run when you load our website.
However you can choose what level of cookies analytical cookies you want to accept below.
Learn more in our website privacy policy  Allow necessary cookies only Allow all cookies 
      