

Effective Date:&nbsp.
September 2nd, 2019

Food Lion, LLC (“Food Lion”) respects your concerns about privacy.
This Privacy Statement describes the types of personal information we collect on https://www.foodlion.com/ (the “Site”) and our mobile application (the “App”), how we use the information, with whom we share it and the choices available to you regarding our use of the information.
We also describe measures we take to protect the security of the information and how you can contact us about our privacy practices.
This Privacy Statement applies to the information we collect on the Site and the App.
It does not apply to other websites, applications or services provided by Food Lion or other affiliated entities.
In addition, this Privacy Statement does not apply to the offline data collection and use practices of Food Lion or other affiliated entities, such as data collection by telephone or in a retail store.
Food Lion pharmacy records are subject to the Notice of Privacy Practices for Pharmacies, which can be found on the Pharmacy page: https://www.foodlion.com/departments/pharmacy/.
Click on one of the links below to jump to the listed section:


Information You Provide to Us


Automated Collection of Information


Cookies and Web Beacons




How We Use the Information We Obtain


Third-Party Analytics Services


Online Tracking and Interest-Based Advertising




Information We Share


Your Choices


How We Protect Personal Information


Children's Personal Information


Links to Non-Food Lion Sites and Services


Updates to Our Privacy Statement


How to Contact Us



Information You Provide to Us

The types of personal information you may provide to us when you visit our Site or use our App may include:

Contact information (such as name, telephone number, mailing address, delivery address and email address);
On our Site and App, payment information, such as credit or debit card number, security code, expiration date and billing address;
MVP Card number;
Your preferred Food Lion store locations;
Purchase history information;
Food Lion.com login credentials, such as your username and password;
Information about your business or organization, such as your Tax ID number and 501(c)(3) determination letter, if you complete a donation, sponsorship request or event application;
Geolocation information;
Social media information to facilitate account registration and access.
and
Other information you choose to provide, such as through the “Contact Us” feature or posts on our Recipes page.


Automated Collection of Information

When you visit our Site, we may collect certain information by automated means, such as cookies, web beacons, web server logs and other technologies.
The information we collect in this manner may include your device IP address, unique device identifier, web browser characteristics, device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, clickstream data, and dates and times of website visits.
When you use our App, we also may collect certain information by automated means, such as through device logs, server logs and other technologies.
The information we collect in this manner may include the device type used, the mobile operating system, device identifiers and similar unique identifiers, device settings and configurations, IP addresses, battery and signal strength, usage statistics, referring emails and web addresses, dates and times of usage, actions taken on the App and other information regarding use of the App.
In addition, as indicated above, we may collect your device’s geolocation information.
With your permission, we may receive the precise geolocation and other location information of your mobile device through GPS, Bluetooth and WiFi signals, and other technologies to provide you with the App, facilitate online order pickup and offer you personalized coupons and other offers.
Your device’s operating platform may provide you with a notification when the App attempts to collect your precise geolocation.
Please note that if you do not allow the App to collect your precise geolocation, you may not be able to use all the App’s features or the offers available through the App.

Cookies and Web Beacons

Cookies are files that websites send to your computer to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings in the browser.
A web beacon (also known as an Internet tag, pixel tag or clear GIF) links web pages to web servers and their cookies and may be used to transmit information collected through cookies back to a web server.
Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies or how to restrict or disable certain types of cookies.
Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of the Site.

How We Use the Information We Obtain

We may use the personal information we obtain about you to:

Provide our products and services to you;
Send you newsletters and other communications if you sign up to receive them;
Administer your participation in surveys, contests, promotions or other programs;
Facilitate gift card purchases;
Offer coupons, promotions or other discounts;
Create and manage your MVP Card account;
Help you locate a Food Lion store;
Provide customer support and respond to your inquiries;
Customize your experience with our Site and App and deliver tailored content, such as by providing personalized product information, purchase information, coupons and other offers;
Protect against and prevent fraud, unauthorized transactions, claims and other liabilities;
Evaluate and respond to your grant, donation or solicitation application;
Operate, evaluate and improve our business (including managing the Site and App, developing new products and services.
enhancing and improving our products and services.
managing our communications.
analyzing our products, services and customer base.
performing data analytics.
and performing accounting, auditing and other internal functions).
and
Comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, industry standards and Food Lion policies and terms, including our Terms and Conditions https://www.foodlion.com/legal/terms-and-conditions/.

We also may use the information in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.

Third-Party Analytics Services

We may use third party analytics services on our Site and App, such as Google Analytics.
The analytics providers that administer these services use technologies such as cookies, web beacons and web server logs to help us analyze your use of the Site and App.
The information collected through these means (including IP address) may be disclosed to these analytics providers, and other relevant third parties who use the information to evaluate use of the Site.
To learn more about Google Analytics and how to opt out, please visit https://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/learn/privacy.html or https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/181881?hl=en.

Online Tracking and Interest-Based Advertising

On our Site and App, we and third parties may collect information about your online activities to provide you with advertising about products and services tailored to your interests.
This section of our Privacy Statement provides details and explains how to exercise your choices.
You may see our ads on other websites or mobile apps based on your visits to the Site or App because we participate in advertising networks.
Ad networks allow us to target our messaging to users considering demographic data, users’ inferred interests and browsing context.
These networks track users’ online activities over time by collecting information through automated means, including through the use of cookies, web server logs, web beacons and other similar technologies.
The networks use this information to show ads that may be tailored to individuals’ interests, to track users’ browsers or devices across multiple websites and to build a profile of users’ online browsing activities.
The information our ad networks may collect includes data about users’ visits to websites that participate in the relevant ad networks, such as the pages or ads viewed and the actions taken on the websites.
Accordingly, we and our third-party vendors may collect information about our visitors’ online activities, over time and across third-party websites.
This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.
To learn about how to opt out of interest-based advertising in the U.S., click here.
On your mobile device, your device settings may allow you to prohibit mobile app platforms (such as Apple and Google) from sharing certain information obtained by automated means with app developers such as Food Lion.
Our Site is not designed to respond to "do not track" signals received from browsers.

Information We Share

We do not disclose personal information we obtain about you, except as described in this Privacy Statement.
We may share personal information we collect on the Site and App at your request.
For example, if you purchase a gift card and ask us to send it to a third party, we may identify you as the sender of the gift card.
We may share your personal information with our subsidiaries and affiliates, and with our joint marketing partners, for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement.
We also may share personal information with service providers who perform services on our behalf based on our instructions.
We do not authorize these service providers to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements.
Examples of these service providers include entities that assist us in:

Administering the MVP Card program;
Responding to your requests;
Delivering customized promotions and advertising to you;
Performing statistical analyses of our services.
and
Online delivery and pickup services.

We partner with Instacart to offer certain online delivery and pickup services at shop.foodlion.com.
Click here to view shop.foodlion.com's Privacy Policy.
Please review Instacart’s Privacy Policy at https://www.instacart.com/privacy, which may be updated from time to time.
In addition, we may disclose information about you if required to do so by law or if we believe such action is necessary to comply with legal process.
We also reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a merger, acquisition, joint venture, reorganization, divestiture, dissolution or liquidation).

Your Choices

You may at any time ask us to stop sending you emails or other communications.
To update your preferences, ask us to remove your information from our mailing lists or submit a request, please contact us as described in the How to Contact Us section below.
You may also update your preferences online or in the App through your Food Lion account.

How We Protect Personal Information

We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information you provide against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure or use.

Children’s Personal Information

Our Site and App are designed for a general audience and are not directed to children.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of thirteen (13) through our Site or App.
If we become aware that we have collected personal information from a child under thirteen (13), we will promptly delete the information from our records.
If you believe a child under thirteen (13) may have provided us with personal information, please contact us as specified in the How to Contact Us section of this Privacy Statement.

Links to Non-Food Lion Sites and Services

For your convenience and information, our Site and App may provide links to or plug-ins of non-Food Lion websites, apps and services that may be operated by companies not affiliated with Food Lion.
The privacy practices of the relevant third parties, including details on the information they may collect about you, is subject to the privacy statements of these parties, which we strongly suggest you review.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any non-Food Lion websites, apps or services.

Updates to Our Privacy Statement

This Privacy Statement may be updated periodically to reflect changes in our personal information practices.
Changes to the Privacy Statement will be posted on this page.
For significant changes, we will notify you by posting a prominent notice on our Site and App indicating at the top of the Statement when it was most recently updated.

How to Contact Us

You can update your preferences, ask us to remove your information from our mailing lists, submit a request or ask us questions about this Privacy Statement by calling us at 1-800-210-9569.
You may also send us an email using the “Contact Us” section of the Site or App, or write to:
Food Lion
Attn: Customer Relations
P.O.
Box 1330
Salisbury, NC 28145-1330
