
         Privacy Policy 
Last updated: October 18, 2016

Your privacy is important to us.
For this reason you are not required to provide any personal information and our service can be used without the need to register. Analytics We collect non-personal information ("Log Data") that your browser sends whenever you visit WeatherWidget.io.
This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
The Forecast7.com website uses Google Analytics to collect non-personal information in the form of various usage and user metrics when you use our website.
Google Analytics analyzes certain types of information, including IP addresses, device and software identifiers, referring and exit URLs, onsite behavior and other similar information.
Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are small text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
You may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics opt-out page. Advertisements We publish Google Adsense interest-based advertisements on our website.
These are tailored by Google to reflect your interests.
To determine your interests, Google will track your behaviour across the web using cookies.
You can opt-out of the Adsense partner network cookie at: www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/.
However, this opt-out mechanism uses a cookie, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained.
To ensure that an opt-out is maintained in respect of a particular browser, you should use the Google browser plug-in available at: www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin. Links This web site contains links to other sites.
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. Contact Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
