

The website




Codebase




Communication




Surveys




Foreman debug archives




Your choices




Your rights


 Foreman Privacy Policy This document describes the data Foreman collects about you, why it is
collected, what is done with it, and your options for how it’s processed.
The Foreman project does not share data with 3rd parties, except for hosting
requirements (e.g.
GitHub, YouTube) as detailed below, or when required to by
law. Types of data we collect 
Contact details 
Name
Email address


Data that identifies you 
IP addresses
Browser UserAgent strings
Debug archives
Answers to survey questions


 How and why we use your data The website The Foreman website is a static site which does not track, collect, store
information or set cookies.
There is no account for the website itself.
The
webserver (Apache) logs will contain IP addresses, timestamps, and UserAgent
strings - these are log-rotated and deleted after 4 weeks.
The website also uses Google Analytics, but we only collect anonymous data.
IP
addresses are anonymised, and we do not use User-ID, or any linked
Google product (e.g.
AdWords).
Google Analytics data is deleted after 26 months
(the default for Google Analytics).
The webserver logs and Google Analytics are used to produce aggregated
statistics about the community, such as popularity of different browsers,
operating system packages, plugins, etc.

Legal basis for this data usage: Legitimate interest
 Website videos The website does embed videos from YouTube, FOSDEM, and Slideshare - see the
links below for details:

YouTube’s privacy policy
FOSDEM homepage
SlideShare (LinkedIn) privacy policy

for details.
These videos do not autoplay. Website downloads The downloads from our website are cached by Fastly, a CDN provider.
This may
also log your IP address - see Fastly’s privacy policy for details.
We don’t currently use this data at all, but we may use it for aggregated
statistics in the future. Codebase The Foreman community use GitHub to manage the code that
comprises the Foreman project.
Refer to GitHub’s privacy policy for
details on how GitHub handles the data you post there.
Commit messages can contain names and email addresses.
You are free to use
psuedonymous data for commit messages.
We do prefer a working contact mail in
case of needing to contact contributors to the codebase, but it is not
mandatory.
We also use non-identifiable data from the codebase to provide aggregated
statistics such as average time to merge, number of open pull requests, etc.

Legal basis for this data usage: Legitimate interest, consent

The Foreman community also runs a self-hosted bug tracker using the
Redmine software.
When you sign up for a Redmine
account, you provide us with an email address and a name.
Externally, we only use this email within Redmine to contact you about bugs you
have reported or subscribed to.
You have full control over what emails are sent
from your Redmine account preferences.
Email addresses can also be linked to GitHub commits (see above) if the emails
match, or manually by an admin (on request).
This enables Redmine to
automatically attribute issue changes to your user, based on the public commit
data from the GitHub repositories (e.g.
closing it when you fix an issue).
This
populates your Redmine “activity” page, which is public.
The bug tracker also uses cookies to store your session.
We also use the bug tracker data to provide aggregated statistics such as
number of open/closed bugs, average time to close a bug, etc.

Legal basis for this data usage: Legitimate interest, consent
 Communication The Foreman project maintains two public IRC channels on
libera.chat, refer to libera.chat’s privacy
policy for details on how they handle your data.
The Foreman community uses a self-hosted forum using the
Discourse software.
When signing up for a Discourse
account, you provide a name and email address - and in addition we store the IP
address of your most recent connection.
The email address is only used to send
you updates to your forum topics, personal messages from other users, and
digest summaries.
You have full control over the emails sent from your
Discourse account preferences.
The forum also uses cookies to store your
session.
We also use the IP addresses and public post data to provide aggregated
statistics about the forum community, such as posts-per-month, user engagement,
etc.
We also use the IP addresses to help identify sock
puppeting and spam
accounts.

Legal basis for this data usage: Legitimate interest, consent
 Surveys The Foreman community runs a survey each year.
Completing the survey is opt-in,
and providing a contact email address in the survey is optional.
Such
addresses are stored until the survey analysis is complete, and then deleted
from the raw survey data before publication.
The survey data is used to gain
understanding of the community, and aggregated statistics based on the survey
results are published each year.

Legal basis for this data usage: Legitimate interest, consent
 Foreman debug archives The Foreman project provides a tool called foreman-debug which
collects logs from your Foreman server and uploads it to a secure location in
our infrastructure.
Use of this tool is entirely voluntary (it is never run
automatically), and the data is used by our developers to assist users in
debugging complex problems.
The data is not used for any analysis or
statistics, is only accessible to a small number of the Foreman developers, and
is deleted regularly.

Legal basis for this data usage: Consent
 Your rights regarding your data Your choices You can choose not to provide us with personal data Using a VPN, Tor, or other IP / UserAgent masking service will not affect your
use of the project website, as it is entirely static.
For Redmine &amp.
Discourse,
we do not mandate use of real names, and using pseudonyms will not affect the
services. Your accounts on our services Your Redmine &amp.
Discourse accounts contain options to control what emails are
sent to you.
3rd party services such as GitHub retain
their own policies and privacy options. Your rights Where the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”) applies to
the processing of your personal data, especially when you access the website
from a country in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), you have the following
rights, subject to some limitations, against the Foreman Project:

The right to access your personal data
The right to rectify the personal data we hold about you
The right to erase your personal data
The right to restrict our use of your personal data
The right to object to our use of your personal data
The right to receive your personal data in a usable electronic format and transmit it to a third party (also known as the right of data portability)
The right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority

If you would like to exercise any of these rights, you may do so by contacting
the Foreman Project at contact us
or on IRC.
Please understand, however, the rights
enumerated above are not absolute in all cases, especially in regards to the
right to erase your data:

Git commits will not be rewritten 
contributing to the codebase is opt-in,
providing personally identifying information in commit messages is a further opt-in
we have a legitimate interest in contacting contributors and showing IP provenance


Redmine &amp.
Discourse data which is public (i.e forum posts, bug comments etc) will be pseudonymised 
Your account name, handle, and email address will be scrambled, removing your personal data from the site
Posts are not removed, as we have a legitimate interest in retaining the history of discussions about our project


 Contacting us If you have any questions about this policy or our use of your data, please
feel free to contact us or on
IRC. Changes to this Privacy Statement Foreman reserves the right to update this policy from time to time.
Material
changes will be posted to the Announcements
list and posted to
the front page of the website.
This policy was last
updated on 28th May 2018.
