

Stallion
Wiki
Community Discord
Client Area




 Products PRODUCTS

Dedicated KVM Slices
Block Storage Slabs
Storage VPS
Anycast VPS


OpenVZ VS.
KVM



WE'RE AWESOME

Why We're Awesome
Stallion Control Panel
Block Storage Slabs
Free DirectAdmin
Tons of Operating Systems
3500Gbps+ DDoS Protection
Managed Database Servers

OTHER PRODUCTS

Website Hosting
Reseller Hosting








 DDOS Protection DDOS PROTECTION

3500Gbps+ DDoS Protection
DDoS Protected GRE Tunnels


 Free Software FREE LICENSES

DirectAdmin Web Control Panel
Softaculous Auto Installer
Blesta Billing Panel


 Features FEATURES

Stallion Control Panel
Block Storage Slabs
Free DirectAdmin
Operating Systems
Private Internal Network
Diverse Locations



OPERATING SYSTEMS

Debian Linux
Redhat / CentOS / Fedora Linux
TurnKeyLinux Applications
Ubuntu Linux
Free / Open / Net BSD
Microsoft Windows

PAID ADDONS

3500Gbps+ DDoS Protection
Managed Database Servers


 About Us ABOUT US

About Us
Contact Us
Twitter
Facebook
Community Discord
Customer Reviews

LOCATIONS

Las Vegas
New York
Luxembourg







LEGAL

Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Acceptable Use Policy






 Overwhelmed? We're here to help.
Acceptable Use Policy  BuyVM allows customers to use all the resources they subscribe to in their hosting plans.
If you think your resource use could be too intense for your service plan or for a service plan you are considering, please open a support ticket to discuss your options with BuyVM.
 We do our best to follow a Law of the Land stance when it comes to content hosted within our services.
 CONTACT SUPPORT 
Abuse Definitions. Resource Abuse  1,1,1 - Resource Abuse consists of any activity, intentional or otherwise, that consumes sufficient system resources to negatively affect other clients or equipment.

 Unsolicited Communication  1,2,1 - Any email-based communications sent without the consent of the recepient.

 1,2,2 - Knowingly permitting or initiating Unsolicited Communications is grounds for immediate termination, and a permanent ban from any future service.

 Malicious Content  1,3,1 - Any type of script, code, or other file that performs harmful action, either to the user affected or as a bulk action triggered by the user.

 1,3,2 - Any content that violates the laws of the country it resides in.

 1,3,3 - Knowingly permitting or hosting Malicious Content is grounds for immediate termination, and a permanent ban from any future service.
 Remedial Action.
Intentional / Malicious Abuse  2,1,1 - Intentional / Malicious usage is defined as any action knowingly performed by the user, or persons user has authorized to access the service, that is categorized in the above Abuse Definitions.

 2,1,2 - All services on the user's account will immediately be terminated without compensation, save for situations where a court order demands evidence be turned over to law enforcement.

 2,1,3 - The user will be permanently banned from holding any further service with Frantech Solutions, BuyVM, BuyShared, and related companies.

 Order of Execution During Abuse Offenses  2,2,1 - The offending service will be brought offline, and left in a suspended state.

 2,2,2 - A support ticket will be opened to the service owner detailing the offense and the necessary steps required to resolve the situation.

 2,2,3 - Once the service owner replies to the ticket acknowledging that they understand the issue and how to correct the problem, the service will be reactivated and the service owner will have 24 hours to prevent any further abuse.

 Failure to address abuse cases will result in your services being suspended, and in extreme cases, terminated.
Tor (Anonymity Network).
 Frantech is a strong believer and supporter of Freedom of Speech and has taken a strong, and in some cases very public, stance against censorship.
You're welcome to run Exit, Relay, and Bridge nodes, just follow the rules when doing so.

 Tor Guidelines  3,1,1 - Please open a support ticket informing us you're running an Exit Node.
This is to allow us to keep track of abuse complaints that come in and handle them accordingly.

 3,1,2 - Frantech is extremely fair when it comes to abuse complaints for Tor users.
This is not an invitation to start being malicious.

 3,1,3 - Please apply Reverse DNS to your IP address through the control panel if you're operating an Exit Node as this can help curb many abuse complaints.
Something as simple as tor.your-domain.tld is likely sufficient.

 3,1,4 - If you're operating an Exit Node, please make sure your exit policy blocks the following ports: 

TCP 25 (SMTP)
TCP 465 (SMTP over SSL)
TCP 587 (SMTP over TLS)
TCP 6660-6667 (IRC - Optional but you may save yourself from DDOS attacks)
TCP 6697 (IRC over SSL - Optional but you may save yourself from DDOS attacks)

Have questions? We'll help answer all of them.
CONTACT SUPPORT 


Â© 2010-2022 BuyVM.
All rights reserved.
A division of frantech Solutions.
 Terms of Service&nbsp.
-  Acceptable Use 


 Services 
Dedicated KVM Slices
Block Storage Slabs
Storage VPS
Anycast VPS
DDOS Protection
 Company 
About Us
Data Centers
Awesome Features
Community Chat
 Support 
Wiki
Sign Up
Client Area
Contact Us


 CHAT WITH SALES 
      