

Stallion
Wiki
Community Discord
Client Area




 Products PRODUCTS

Dedicated KVM Slices
Block Storage Slabs
Storage VPS
Anycast VPS


OpenVZ VS.
KVM



WE'RE AWESOME

Why We're Awesome
Stallion Control Panel
Block Storage Slabs
Free DirectAdmin
Tons of Operating Systems
3500Gbps+ DDoS Protection
Managed Database Servers

OTHER PRODUCTS

Website Hosting
Reseller Hosting








 DDOS Protection DDOS PROTECTION

3500Gbps+ DDoS Protection
DDoS Protected GRE Tunnels


 Free Software FREE LICENSES

DirectAdmin Web Control Panel
Softaculous Auto Installer
Blesta Billing Panel


 Features FEATURES

Stallion Control Panel
Block Storage Slabs
Free DirectAdmin
Operating Systems
Private Internal Network
Diverse Locations



OPERATING SYSTEMS

Debian Linux
Redhat / CentOS / Fedora Linux
TurnKeyLinux Applications
Ubuntu Linux
Free / Open / Net BSD
Microsoft Windows

PAID ADDONS

3500Gbps+ DDoS Protection
Managed Database Servers


 About Us ABOUT US

About Us
Contact Us
Twitter
Facebook
Community Discord
Customer Reviews

LOCATIONS

Las Vegas
New York
Luxembourg







LEGAL

Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Acceptable Use Policy






 Overwhelmed? We're here to help.
Terms of Service  BuyVM appreciates happy customers! When something goes wrong involving a customer account these Terms of Service are where everyone goes to look.
We keep everything straightforward and our customer support is there to help you.
At BuyVM we believe in second chances for misunderstandings and small issues created by customers.
We do our best to follow a Law of the Land stance when it comes to content hosted within our services.


 CONTACT SUPPORT 
Use of Products and Services.
 1,1 - Frantech does its best to take a Law of the Land stance when it comes to content hosted on its services.
Content must abide by the laws of the country the services is hosted within, as well as not break any other points documented in these Terms of Service or our Acceptable Usage Policy.
If you feel a service is in violation of a residing countries laws, please file a Police Report with your local police department.

 1,2 - In order to use our services, you are required to provide current and accurate identification, contact information, and other details as part of the registration process.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and accuracy of your account information, and you are responsible for all activities that occur under your account.
You are solely responsible for all content on your account.
You agree to immediately notify Frantech of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security.
Frantech will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to provide us with accurate information or to keep your account secure.

 1,3 - Frantech may cancel or suspend your access to Frantech services at any time and for any reason without notice.
Upon cancellation or suspension, your right to use the service will stop immediately.
You may not have access to data that you stored on the service after we suspend or terminate the service.
You are responsible for backing-up your data that you use with the service.
If we cancel your service in its entirety without cause, we will refund to you on a pro-rata basis the amount of your payment corresponding to the portion of your service remaining right before we terminated your service.

Conditions of Use.
 2,1 - You agree that any violations listed in our Acceptable Usage Policy are considered prohibited usage and may result in immediate account suspension and/or termination without compensation.

 2,2 - Intentional or Malicious violations of our Acceptable Usage Policy will result in immediate termination, and a ban from any further service.

Account Registration. Contact Information  3,1,1 - Clients must provide their legitimate name and surname and residential address when registering an account.

 3,1,2 - P.O.
Boxes and non-residential or mail forwarding addresses are not accepted.

 3,1,3 - A valid phone number is not required for registration.

 3,1,4 - Registration and Order Placement must take place from the client's residential ISP.

 3,1,5 - Account details must match information provided by payment method.

 3,1,6 - All modifications to an accounts details require a ticket to our billing department.

 Restrictions  3,2,1 - Clients may not open multiple personal accounts under any circumstance.

 3,2,2 - Clients may not give other persons access to their accounts.

 3,2,3 - Clients may not change their accounts name to another individual.

Billing. Pro Rata  4,1,1 - All recurring services are billed pro rata, with a recurring due date on the first of the month.

 4,1,2 - Orders placed before the 20th of the month will only be billed for the remainder of that month, with the next due date set to the first of the following month.

 4,1,3 - Orders placed on or after the 20th of the month will be billed the remainder of that month and the entirety of the following month, with the next due date set to the first of the month after.

 4,1,4 - Orders for a Quarterly, Semi-Annual, Annual, Biennial, or Triennial billing cycle will only be billed for the remainder of the billing cycle.
The next due date will be set to the full length of the billing cycle, starting from the first of the month in which the order was placed.

 Invoicing  4,2,1 - Services with recurring billing will be due for payment on the first of the month.

 4,2,2 - Invoices for recurring services will be issued 10 days in advance of the due date.

 4,2,3 - Unpaid services will be suspended 4 days past the due date on the service.

 4,2,4 - Unpaid services will be terminated 6 days past the due date on the service.

 Account Credit  4,3,1 - Account credit does not expire, and cannot be transferred from one client to another.

 4,3,2 - Existing account credit will automatically be applied towards further generated invoices until exhausted.

 4,3,3 - Customers can use Add Funds functionality inside of the Client Portal to generate an account credit between $15.00 USD and $300.00 USD.
Once an Add Funds invoice is paid, the invoice total is automatically deposited into the client's account credit balance.

 4,3,4 - Account credit may not be withdrawn or 'cashed out' in the form of a refund or other payment.

 4,3,5 - Account credit is non transferrable.
No exceptions.

Payments and Gateways. Paypal  5,1,1 - PayPal transactions are eligible for refund within 3 days of the initial order payment.
A ticket must be submitted to the Billing Department to request a refund.

 5,1,2 - PayPal payments must originate from verified PayPal account.

 Credit and Debit Cards  5,2,1 - Credit Card transactions are eligible for refund within 3 days of the initial order payment.
A ticket must be submitted to the Billing Department to request a refund.

 Cryptocurrency  5,3,1 - Cryptocurrency payments are accepted via the Coinpayments gateway.

 5,3,2 - Cryptocurrency payments are not eligible for refunds.

 Alipay, &amp.
WebMoney  5,4,1 - Alipay &amp.
WebMoney payments are not eligible for refunds.

 Chargebacks / Disputes  5,5,1 - Chargebacks and disputes against any payment will result in immediate suspension of all services on the account until the dispute is removed, and the account prohibited from placing any further orders.
At the Billing Department's discretion, all services on the account may be terminated without compensation in the event of dispute or chargeback.

Service Processing. Service Processing  6,1,1 - Orders are provisioned during Business Hours provided that the client's Contact Information and Payment are in accordance with the Terms of Service.

 6,1,2 - Orders placed outside Business Hours are provisioned within 24 hours provided that the client's Contact Information and Payment are in accordance with the Terms of Service.

 6,1,3 - Orders that remain unpaid for more than 24 hours are automatically removed from the system.

 Service Modification  6,1,1 - Service modification cannot be performed on or past the service's due date.
Any outstanding invoices must be settled before service modification can be performed.



 6,1,2 - Service modification that will lower the value of the service will automatically deposit the difference in values for the remainder of the billing cycle to the client's account credit balance.

 6,1,3 - Service modification that will raise the value of the service will be billed for the difference in values from the date of modification until the end of the service's current billing cycle.
The modification will be applied once the issued invoice is settled.

 Service Transfer  6,2,1 - An existing service may be transferred to another client provided the following conditions are met: 

The service to be transferred must be active for at least three months.
The service to be transferred must not have any unpaid or overdue invoices.
The service to be transferred must not have any TOS/AUP Violations on record.
The account initiating the transfer must be in Good Standing, with no TOS/AUP Violations.
The account receiving the transfer must confirm acceptance of the transfer.
The account receiving the transfer must not have any unpaid or overdue invoices.
The account receiving the transfer must not have any TOS/AUP Violations on record.



 Service Cancellation  6.3,1 - Immediate type cancellations are processed automatically at 4:00 AM GMT -7 the following morning.

 6.3,2 - End of Cycle type cancellations are processed automatically at 4:00 AM GMT -7 on the service's next due date.

 6.3,4 - Once cancellation has been run on a service, all related data and backups are destroyed, and any associated IP Addresses released back into the available pool.
This process cannot be reversed.

 6.3,5 - When a service is cancelled before its due date, the remainder of the service's billing cycle is automatically deposited to the client's account credit balance.

 Service Suspension  6,4,1 - When suspended, a service is brought offline and disabled from being powered on or accessed.
No data will be made available, nor the service brought online, until the situation resulting in the suspension has been resolved.

 Service Termination  6,5,1 - Upon termination, all related data and backups are destroyed, and any associated IP Addresses released back into the available pool.
This process cannot be reversed.

Miscellaneous. Business Hours  7,1,1 - Support is provided 24 hours during Weekdays (Monday through Friday).
Support Tickets submitted during Weekend (Saturday/Sunday) hours will typically be addressed within two hours.

 7,1,2 - Billing Department hours are 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM GMT -7, Monday through Friday, 9:00 AM - 1:00 PM on Saturday's, and closed on Sunday's and US holidays.
Prompt replies are not guaranteed after hours and weekends.

Have questions? We'll help answer all of them.
CONTACT SUPPORT 


Â© 2010-2022 BuyVM.
All rights reserved.
A division of frantech Solutions.
 Terms of Service&nbsp.
-  Acceptable Use 


 Services 
Dedicated KVM Slices
Block Storage Slabs
Storage VPS
Anycast VPS
DDOS Protection
 Company 
About Us
Data Centers
Awesome Features
Community Chat
 Support 
Wiki
Sign Up
Client Area
Contact Us


 CHAT WITH SALES 
      