



Sign Up
Login
Login


HOME
CATEGORIES 


ASS WORSHIP
CAMS
COCK
CUCKOLD
DICK RATING
FEMDOM
FEET
FETISH
FINDOM
GAY
HOTTIES
HUMILIATION
KINK
MILF
MISTRESS
PANTIES
PHONE
RATE MY DICK
SISSY
SPH
STORIES
TIT WORSHIP


POPULAR 


MOST POPULAR
NEWEST
TAGS
TOP USERS
RULES


CAMS
SUBMIT
















 Privacy PolicyDecember 6, 2013 / Freakden0 CommentsPrivacy Policy for Freakden.comIf you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at Privacy.
At www.Freakden.com we consider the privacy of our visitors to be extremely important.
This privacy policy document describes in detail the types of personal information is collected and recorded by www.Freakden.com and how we use it.

Log Files
 Like many other Web sites, www.Freakden.com makes use of log files.
These files merely logs visitors to the site – usually a standard procedure for hosting companies and a part of hosting services’s analytics.
The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks.
This information is used to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information.
IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.

Cookies and Web Beacons
 www.Freakden.com uses cookies to store information about visitors’ preferences, to record user-specific information on which pages the site visitor accesses or visits, and to personalize or customize our web page content based upon visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.

Our Advertising Partners

Freakden.com places and offers advertising spots to help generate income to keep the community thriving and free.
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site.
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology in their respective advertisements and links that appear on www.Freakden.com and which are sent directly to your browser.
They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs.
Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) may also be used by our site’s third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on the site.
www.Freakden.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers or those links which are posted to the site by users of www.Freakden.com

Third Party Privacy Policies

You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices.
www.Freakden.com’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options.
More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
What Are Cookies?

Children’s Information: This Website is for ADULTS ONLY
 We believe it is important to provide added protection for children online.
We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children to observe, participate in and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
www.Freakden.com does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 18/21 nor do we allow anyone under the age of 18/21 to access our website or use it in anyway.
If a parent or guardian believes that www.Freakden.com has in its database the personally-identifiable information please contact us immediately (using the contact in the first paragraph) and we will use our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Only adults are able to access and use our websites.
It is 100% for adults only.

Online Privacy Policy Only
 This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website and regarding information shared and/or collected there.
This policy does not apply to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Browse and visit links completely at your own risk.

Consent
 By using our website, you hereby consent to our privacy policy and agree to its terms and agree that www.Freakden.com can not be held liable for any use of this website or any of the links contained on or outside of the site.
You are also stating by accessing this website that you are a legal adult and legally can access this site.

Update
 This Privacy Policy was last updated on: Sunday, December 6th, 2015.
Should we update, amend or make any changes to our privacy policy, those changes will be posted here.


 Category Terms 


2257 Compliance Statement »
Freakden Essentials
How-To
News
Spotlight
Badges
Newest Posts
 Sissy Harem Collection 4
 sissy faggot polly
 sissy slut polly
 sissy faggot polly needs exposure, please share
 sissy faggot polly
 sissy faggot polly
 hot italian sissy slut, luv those shades at nite baby
 Sissy peckey sucking and riding cock
 slut david ID – kik tongue777 – david freeman
 Sissy peckey
 ×Welcome Login Using Username or Email Password (Forgot?) or Sign Up



Top You need to enable Javascript.

 By using this site you agree you're a legal adult.
 ADVERTISE·BLOG·CONTACT·DMCA·PRIVACY RULES·TERMS·HOW TO·FAQ·2257  Copyright © 2021 · Freakden 
