
        Privacy Policy,Contents,Introduction,AgreementtothisPolicy,HowLicensormaycollectinformationaboutyouinourroleasdatacontroller,WhatinformationLicensormaycollectaboutyouinourroleasdatacontroller,WhyLicensorprocessesyourpersonalinformationinourroleasdatacontroller,Howweshareyourpersonalinformationinourroleasdatacontroller,Legalbasesforprocessing,Howwestoreandsecureinformationwecollect,Howlongwekeepinformation(retentionprocedures),Howyoucanaccessandcontrolyourinformation,Ourpolicytowardschildren,ChangestothisPolicy,Introduction,Licensorand its affiliates (hereinafter referred as “Licensor”) respects your right to privacy and we ,understand that, when you visit our website, use our free software products (“Software), you prefer to ,control the way you share your personal information (“Personal Data”) and preferences.
The terms “we”, ,“us” and “our” refers to Licensor.
The terms “user”, “you”, and “your” refer to site visitors, customers and ,any other users of the site.,Licensorprovides this Privacy Policy("Policy") to inform you of our practices with respect to the collection ,and use of your Personal Data.,Licensorcomplies with the Regulation 2016/679/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 ,April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the ,free movement of such data (“GDPR”).
Licensoracts as both a data controller and a data processor under ,GDPR.,Licensorhas implemented the following requirements under the GDPR, including but not limited to:,A record of our Personal Data processing activities;,Adequate organizational and technical protection measures;,Request forms and internal instructions for Privacy by Design &amp.
Default, Data Portability, Data,Subject Rights like the Right to be Forgotten.,We collect information globally and primarily store that information on the servers based in the United ,States and Germany.
We transfer, process and store your information outside of your country of residence, ,to wherever we or our third-party service providers operate for the purpose of providing you the Software.
,The Personal Data of individuals from EEA and Switzerland is stored on servers based in Germany and ,processed in the United States.
Regardless of where your information is stored or processed, we apply the ,same protection described in this Policy.
Licensoroffers European builds of desktop products to individuals ,from EEA and Switzerland to store the information we collect from your use of the Softwareon the servers ,in Germany.
We also use the model contract clauses approved by European Commission as a means of ,ensuring adequate protection when transferring data outside of the EEA and Switzerland.
By incorporating ,model contract clauses into a contract established between the parties transferring data, personal data can ,be protected when transferred outside the EEA to countries which have not been deemed by the European ,Commission to adequately protect personal data.,Agreement to this Policy,Please read this Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and ,how we will treat it.
If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our ,Software.
By accessing or using our Software, you agree to this Policy.
This Policy may change from time ,to time.
Your continued use of our Softwareafter we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those ,changes, so please check the Policy periodically for updates.,How Licensormay collect information about you in our role as data ,controller,We collect information about you and determine the purposes and means of processing your Personal Data ,in our role as data controller when you download theSoftwarefrom Licensor’s website.,Information we collect automatically when you use the Software,We collect information about you when you use our Software, including browsing our websites and taking ,certain actions within the Software.,Your use of the Software:We keep track of certain information about you when you interact with any of ,our Software.
This information includes the features you use.
information about the system configuration, ,PowerPoint version you use.
time you spent using the Software.
the linksyou click on.
the type, size and ,filenames of attachments you upload to the Software.
frequently used search terms.
and how you interact ,with others on the Software.,Device and Connection Information:We collect information about your computer, phone, tablet, or ,other devices you use to access the Software.
This device information includes your connection type and ,settings when you install, access, update, or use our Software.
We also collect information through your ,device about your operating system, browser type, IP address, URLs of referring/exit pages, device ,identifiers, and crash data.
We use your IP address and/or country preference in order to approximate your ,location to provide you with a better Softwareexperience.,Cookies:Licensoruses cookiesto provide functionality and to recognize you across theSoftwareand ,devices.
For more information, please see ourCookiePolicy, which includes information on how to control ,or opt out of the cookies and other tracking technologies.,Information we receive from other sources,We receive information about you from third-party Software, from our related companies, and from our ,business partners.,LicensorPartners:We work with a global network of partners who help us to market and promote our ,products, generate leads for us, and resell our Software.
Some of these partners provide consulting, training ,and other servicesaround our Software.
We receive information from these partners, such as contact ,information, company name, what Licensorproducts you have purchased or may be interested in, ,evaluation information you have provided, what events you have attended, and what country you are in.,Other Partners:We receive information about you and your activities on and off the Softwarefrom third-,party partners, such as advertising and market research partners who provide us with information about ,your interest in and engagement with, our Softwareand online advertisements.,What information Licensormay collect about you in our role as data ,controller,Licensormay collect the following information about you:,Your email address.,Why Licensorprocesses your personal information in our role as data ,controller,Licensorprocesses your Personal Data for the following purposes:,Provision of Software;,Conducting market research, conducting retention and customer satisfaction surveys, conducting ,marketing activities (including through email newsletters, social media and onsite/offsite and ,online/offline advertisement), conducting sales activities (including analyzing your Personal Data and ,your use of LicensorSoftwarefor making (personalized) offers and quotes with the aim of entering into ,a customer relationship, and/or maintaining, renewing or expanding a customer relationship);,Investigating and processing suspected violations of acceptable use of LicensorSoftware;,Complying with statutory obligations, including (a) provision of data to authorized authorities in the ,context of criminal investigations, (b) complying with (applicable) data retention obligations, and (c) the ,provision to third parties of Personal Data concerning customers in connection with an infringement of ,these third parties’ rights.,How we shareyour personal information in our role as data controller,Licensormay share Personal Data about you with:,Partners or agents involved in delivering the Software;,Law enforcement agencies, regulatory organizations, courts or other public authorities to theextent ,required by law;,A Licensorcustomer, if you notify Licensorthat this customer use of LicensorSoftwareviolates the ,acceptable use of LicensorSoftwareor applicable law;,A third party that has claimed that your use of the LicensorSoftwareviolates the acceptable use of ,LicensorSoftwareor applicable law (to the extent such sharing is required by law);,In certain situations, Licensormay be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests ,by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.,Legal bases for processing,If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (EEA) or Switzerland, we collect and process ,information about you only where we have legal bases for doing so underapplicable EU laws.
The legal ,bases depend on the Softwareyou use and how you use them.
To process your information as described ,above, we rely on the following legal bases:,Performance of a contract:the use of your information is necessary to provide you the SoftwareIf you ,order and use our Software, we will use your information to carry out our obligation to complete and ,administer that Softwareunder the contract that we have with you;,Legitimate interests:the processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by ,us, namely for information security.
We also want to provide you with the best suitable content of the ,website, to improve and promote our products and Softwareand the content on our website, and for ,administrative, fraud detection and legal purposes;,Consent:we may rely on your consent to use your Personal Data for specific purposes, for example, for ,sending newsletters and for certain direct marketing purposes.,How we store and secure information we collect,Information storage.We use data hosting service providers in the United States and Germany to host ,the information we collect, and we use technical measures to secure your data.,Technical and organizational security procedures and data transfers.We observe reasonable ,procedures to prevent unauthorized access to, and the misuse of Personal Data.
We use appropriate ,business systems and procedures to protect and safeguard the Personal Data.
We also use security ,procedures and technical and physical restrictions for accessing and using the Personal Data on our servers.
,Only authorized personnel are permitted to access Personal Data in the course of their work.,How long we keep information (retention procedures),Licensorwill store your personal information as long as necessary to perform the purposes of processing as ,stated in this Policy.
After such time, we will either delete or anonymize your information or, if this is not ,possible (for example, because the information has been stored in backup archives), then wewill securely ,store your information and isolate it from any further use until deletion is possible.,We retain your Personal Datafor as long as your Softwareis active and a reasonable period thereafter in ,case you decide to re-activate the Software.
We also retain some of your information as necessary to comply ,with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to enforce our agreements, to support business operations, ,and to continue to develop and improve our Software.
Where we retain information for Software,improvement and development, we take steps to eliminate information that directly identifies you, and we ,only use the information to uncover collective insights about the use of our Software, not to specifically ,analyze personal characteristics about you.,Marketing information:If you have elected to receive marketing emails from us, we retain information ,about your marketing preferences for a reasonable period of time from the date you last expressed interest ,in our Software, such as when you last opened an email from us or ceased using your Licensorsite account.
,We retain information derived from cookies and other tracking technologies for a reasonable period of time ,from the date such information was created.,How you can access and control your information,Subject to some limits, you have certain rights regarding your Personal Data and the processing thereof.
,PLEASE NOTE THAT OUR CUSTOMERS CONTROL AND MAINTAIN ACCESS TO THEIR DATA THAT IS STORED ,BY LICENSOR, AND WE MAY NOT HAVE ACCESS TO THE DATA MAINTAINED BY OUR CUSTOMERS OR EVEN ,TO KNOW WHAT DATA IS BEING MAINTAINED.,You have the right to request a copy of your information, to object to our use of your information (including ,for marketing purposes), to request the deletion or restriction of your information, or to request your ,information in a structured, electronic format.
,Our policy towards children,The Softwareare not directed to individuals under 16.
We do not knowingly collect personal information ,from children under 16.
If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information, ,we will take steps to delete such information.
If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal ,information, please contact our support Software.,Changes to this Policy,We may change this Policy from time to time.
We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if ,the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice by adding a notice on the Software,homepages, login screens, or by sending you an email notification.
We will also keep prior versions of this ,Policy in an archive for your review.
We encourage you to review our privacy policy whenever you use the ,Softwareto stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.,If you disagree with any changes to this privacy policy, you will need to stop using the Softwareand ,deactivate it.
      