
 Disclaimer 
 Individual results (rewards) are dependent on the offers or opportunities you complete.
The reward or earning opportunities involve the payment of commission to you by participating advertisers, survey panels and market research companies in respect of your approved transactions or registration.
Prize Draws, including product testing and mystery shopper opportunities are available on the basis of an individual's demographic information in relation to the required criteria of individual campaigns.

 1.
Acceptance 
 By registering with FreeclubUSA.com (“Free Club” or “Site”) or by accessing our website content, you are assumed to have read and agreed to the terms and conditions set out here.

 For your information, Free Club is operated and wholly owned by Submission Technology Ltd (hereafter “us”, “we” or “our”), registered in England with the company number 4456811.

 By registering with Free Club you agree to your data being processed as outlined in our Privacy Policy.

 By registering with Free Club you agree to answer all survey questions accurately and honestly providing correct contact information, failure to do so will mean that we may be unable to select you as a Prize Winner.
You can unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time by simply clicking on the unsubscribe link when you receive an email or newsletter from us.

 2.
Eligibility to participate 
 Persons aged 18 and older and residing in the UK may take part in the survey provided they agree to these terms and conditions in their entirety.
Please note we do not accept business addresses.

 A correct &amp.
valid mobile number and email address will be required to enable us to contact you if you have been selected to become a prize draw winner, product tester or mystery shopper.

 You are eligible to enter if you are: a UK citizen or a legal resident of the UK at all times.
18 years old or older on the date of registration.
not an employee, agent, affiliate, officer or director of Submission Technology or of any advertiser, promotion agency, fulfilment agency or agent of Submission Technology, or of anyone else professionally connected with any Competition, nor a family member of any of these.
human - any use of electronic devices to enhance or alter your chance of being selected will count as a false or deceptive entry.

 Submission Technology may require you to provide proof that you are eligible and the authorised account holder of the email addresses used to enter.
"Authorised account holder" means the natural person to whom the email address in question has been assigned by an Internet service provider, online service provider, or other organisation (e.g.
business, educational institution, etc.) responsible for assigning email addresses for the domain associated with the email address.
If you fail to provide all required information you may be disqualified.
It is a condition of entry that all information given is true, current and full.
You may not enter using multiple email addresses or as multiple participants.
You are allowed only one entry, per entrant, per competition.
If you attempt to use multiple addresses or enter more than once, you may be disqualified from the selection process.
Submission Technology undertakes to use reasonable efforts to maintain adequate email, internet and other communication links but is not otherwise responsible for and shall not be liable for: late, lost, delayed, damaged, misdirected, incomplete, illegible, or unintelligible entries.
telephone, electronic, hardware, or software program, network, Internet, or computer malfunctions, failures, delays or difficulties.
errors in transmission.
or prize deliveries attempted but not received.
If you are disqualified, Submission Technology is under no obligation to publish this fact on this site or anywhere else.

 SELECTION OF PRIZE DRAW WINNERS 
 A number of prize draw winners will be selected each month dependent on the campaign requirements.
The selection shall be randomly generated by an automated random winner selector.
This is dictated by the requirements or information required in regards to a product or service.

 Those selected will be notified via text or email from info@freeclubusa.com - Those selected must confirm their acceptance including confirmation of their address and personal details within 5 days of notification.
Unclaimed prizes, product testing &amp.
mystery shopping opportunities will be reallocated to another registrant if not claimed within five days.

 The requirements of each competition campaign will be communicated with the entries that are selected.
Review requirements can vary, however, the standard requirement is a written review, photos of the reviewer with the prize.

 If you do not comply with the Official Rules you may be disqualified from all Prize Draws opportunities without further notice.
False or deceptive entries or acts will render the entrant ineligible.
Should a reviewer fail to return their review within 5 days, without requesting an extension, they may be invoiced for the full value of the product/ gift card.

 Entry 
 By entering any entrants agree to accept and be bound by all terms of these Official Rules and by all decisions of Submission Technology.

 General Conditions 
 Submission Technology expressly disclaims any responsibility and each participant hereby agrees to release and to hold Submission Technology (and its employees, officers, directors, agents, marketing partners and affiliates) harmless from any and all losses, damages, rights, claims and actions of any kind in connection with any prize or resulting from the delivery, acceptance and/or subsequent use or misuse of any prize.
Submission Technology (and its employees, officers, directors, agents, marketing partners and affiliates) are not responsible for any condition caused by events beyond the control of Submission Technology that may cause the Competition to be disrupted.
Submission Technology reserves the right to modify scheduling of any Competition without prior notice at any time and for any reason.
Submission Technology reserves the right to terminate or suspend any Submission Technology or partner sponsored Competition without notice at any time and for any reason.
In the event of termination, suspension or modification of a Competition, Submission Technology may, in its sole discretion, elect to award the prize to a winner randomly drawn from among all participants who have validly entered the Competition by that time.

 3.
Data Protection 
 Protection of members' personal data is a top priority for FreeclubUSA.com.
We aim to provide you with the highest level of online data protection.
Before you agree to these Terms and Conditions please take time to read our Privacy Policy which will help you understand how your personal information is processed.

 4.
Conduct of Members 
 FreeclubUSA.com will only permit you to register once.
Attempts to create multiple accounts will result in the account for the multiple registrations being revoked.

 5.
Exclusions 
 FreeclubUSA.com contains material which is either wholly or partly provided by third parties.
We cannot take responsibility for this content.
No action may be taken against us because of this content, and you use any content on the website at your own risk.
If you choose to sign up for marketing from third parties, it is your responsibility to contact the third parties directly to manage your communication preferences.

 6.
Liability 
 We try to ensure that any information provided is up to date and accurate, but we cannot be held responsible for goods offered through third parties.
We will amend any inaccuracies or exclusions as soon as is practical once we have been made aware of them.

 WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RELATING TO THE PARTICIPATION OR INABILITY TO PARTICIPATE IN THE PROGRAMME.
You acknowledge and agree that FreeclubUSA.com neither endorses the contents of advertisements or third parties' websites, nor assumes responsibility or liability for the accuracy of material contained therein, or any infringement of third party intellectual property rights arising therefrom, or any fraud or other crime facilitated thereby.

 FreeclubUSA.com is not responsible for damages or losses that result from participating or inability to participate in the survey, or reliance on or use of information, services, or merchandise provided on or through the survey.

 You understand and agree that you are personally responsible for your behaviour on the Site.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Submission Technology Ltd, its affiliates, licensors, employees, and agents from and against all claims, losses, expenses, damages and costs (including, but not limited to, direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, and/or exemplary damages), and reasonable legal fees, resulting from or arising out of your use, misuse, or inability to use the Site or the Content, or any violation by you of these Terms and Conditions.

 You understand and agree that Submission Technology Ltd are not the manufacturer of products or prizes supplied.
Should products be delivered in a faulty condition, Submission Technology Ltd must be notified by the winner or randomly selected user as soon as possible and we will arrange for the product to be returned and a replacement sent out.
As such, we cannot be held accountable for product defects that may result in personal injury, loss or damage to the product tester's consumer goods, land, buildings or fixtures.
Products are ordered from manufacturers and retailers by Submission Technology Ltd for selected winners and product testers, however we do not store or handle them at our premises.

 7.
Law and Jurisdiction 
 These Terms &amp.
Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales, whose courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any and all disputes arising out of or in connection with them.

 TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PRODUCT TESTERS and PRIZE DRAWS 
 1.
All products &amp.
prize draws are provided by Submission Technology Ltd.
of 3-4 Bower Terrace, Tonbridge Road, Maidstone, Kent ME16 8RY, whose trading address is East Wing, The Beater House, Turkey Mill, Maidstone, Kent, ME14 5PP.

 2.
Entrants must be aged 18 years or over and resident in the United Kingdom.

 3.
Entries are made by completing the lifestyle survey.

 4.
Entries are made by filling in the appropriate online form.
No more than one entry may be made by any individual in each prize draw and may not use any e-mail address more than once in any prize draw.
Entries including false details will be disregarded as will any that are automated or mechanically made.
Entries must be submitted within the advertised time limits, FreeclubUSA.com reserves the right to reject any entry on reasonable grounds.

 5.
Entrants agree that by entering a prize draw their personal details may be stored and otherwise processed by FreeclubUSA.com or the purposes of administering the selection / prize draw and for marketing and sending offers and other information.
FreeclubUSA.com may also pass entrants’ details to selected third parties to use for the same purposes, but always strictly in line with its privacy policy and any opt-in requirements that entrants have abided by.
Please read the privacy policy carefully to understand how we may use your data and what your rights are.

 6.
The winner’s names in respect of any prize draw will be available from Submission Technology Ltd of East Wing, The Beater House, Turkey Mill, Maidstone, Kent, ME14 5PP, provided a valid Subject Access Request is made.

 7.
The winner of each product / prize draw shall be selected at random electronically.
There is no minimum or maximum number of entrants for any product / prize draw.
The chances of any particular entrant winning a prize draw or becoming a product tester will depend on the total number of entrants for that draw.
Product testers / winners may be notified by phone, e-mail, or text.
FreeClub may disqualify a winner if it has not managed to contact such product tester / winner within seven days of its first attempt to do so.
FreeClub reserves the right to randomly select an alternative winner.

 8.
There is no right to cash or other alternative to the stated product or prize.
However, Free Club reserves the right to offer a similar prize, or a prize of equal or greater value, if the stated product or prize is unavailable.

 9.
Free Club will require photographs of product testers / winners and will require to use those photographs, the names and images of such product testers / winners to publicise online, in e-mails and through any other media promoting its prize draws.
Individuals should not enter to become a product tester or prize draws if they do not agree to this.

 10.
Free Club may suspend or terminate any product or prize draw at any time if it has reasonable grounds for doing so, which grounds may include without limitation a prize draw (or the website on which it is presented) being subject to, or affected by, any denial-of service attacks, bugs, viruses or any other technologically harmful material or act of hacking by a third party, or in the event of any wilful attempt to breach these terms and conditions.

 11.
To the extent permitted by law, Free Club, other members of our group of companies and third parties connected to Free Club hereby expressly exclude: all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity.
any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any entrant or winner in connection with any prize draw or any entry.
As a condition of your entry into any prize draw, you agree to indemnify us and our affiliates, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all liabilities, other expenses (including costs and legal fees) and damages arising out of claims resulting directly or indirectly from such entry.

 12.
Free Club is not affiliated with the manufacturer or provider of the Gift, Product or Prize nor with any of the third parties appearing in the marketing promotional copy unless otherwise indicated.

 13.
If you have referred a “friend” to the site via one of the refer a friend links and this “friend” is chosen to be a reviewer, this also entitles you, the “referrer”, to become a reviewer for one of the products you have entered for.
For example.
your “friend” will be given the product/voucher selected that day then the “referrer” will be sent one of the products you applied for chosen by us.

 14.
If chosen, both the “referrer” and the “friend” will be contacted by us via phone or email.
Both parties have 5 days to claim their product/voucher.

 15.
Referrals via word of mouth do not count.
A referral only counts when tracked via one of the sites refer a friend links.
In order to be classed as a successful “referrer” you and your “friend” must submit a full application to the site.
A full application includes genuine and valid contact details and completion of the survey in full.

 16.
By referring a friend via email, social or any other means you agree that the recipient (friend) has consented to receive emails or text messages of this nature and that it is also within their best interest.
This site will not be held responsible for any referral emails sent to a members friend(s).
All data will only be processed for the purpose of that specific email and will not be stored or used for further marketing use.

