


Fri May 7th, 2021

 My Watchlist 
 Editor's Picks 




 Sign In 


 Submit Software 


 Contact 














New Files


 How-To's 


 Games 


 Essential 


 Top 5 


 Top 100 &nbsp.

 &nbsp.

 Close 
 TRENDING 


Windows Repair 4.11.3


YUMI 2.0.8.8


WizTree Portable 3.41


Rufus 3.14


Home
Privacy Policy
 Privacy Policy FreewareFiles.com is aware of the importance in protecting the privacy of information provided by its users.
Information is never collected from our visitors without their prior knowledge and consent.
This Privacy Policy summarizes how we handle that information. Information FreewareFiles.com Collects FreewareFiles.com collects information about its users during their registration for our newsletters, software submissions, and user reviews.
Information provided to us is used for internal purposes and for periodic opt-in newsletters to which users have subscribed.
Information is never collected without the users knowledge.
FreewareFiles.com will not reveal information provided by its users to any third party without their permission.
Personal Data
Personally Identifiable information collected by FreewareFiles.com include: First Name, Last Name, E-mail Address, Username, and Password.
For developers who submit their software to our site, FreewareFiles.com only collects the software author's email address for internal purposes only.
Software developers will occasionally receive email regarding their program listings and information regarding site updates which may directly affect the software developer's listing.
Technical Data
When a user visits our website or contacts us through our submission forms, we collect IP address information, web browser type and version, time zone setting, and operating system data. How We Use Your Information Personal Data
FreewareFiles.com uses the information that we collect from you to process your requests and to inform you of our new service offerings and website updates.
Users will not receive e-mail from other companies or individuals unless users have requested to be placed on a list to receive information from our advertisers and/or marketing partners on subjects of interest.
Users have the option to "opt-out" of our newsletters and may request to have their provided information removed from our database.
Users also have the option to "opt-out" from receiving requested information provided by our advertisers and/or marketing partners.
Please be aware that when you click on any advertising banners appearing on our web site that take you to third-party web sites, you will be subject to the their privacy policies and not ours.
We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement prior to providing any personal information to and/or interacting with any other web site.
Software developers who hold individual accounts with FreewareFiles.com for the purpose of publishing their software product on our site should be aware that all information provided to us regarding your software products will be used for internal purposes only.
FreewareFiles.com maintains the right to add product information, edit product information, or completely remove product information at any time without the consent of the software developer.
FreewareFiles.com may also evaluate the product and express its evaluation publicly on our web site.
Additionally, visitors to our web site may also rate and review the software developer's product and have that information published on our web site without prior consent from the software developer.
Technical Data
Technical data that we collect from you will be used:

To prevent abuse of our system and services 
To provide a better overall experience of the use of our website and services 
To analyze website traffic which includes pageviews, time on site, referring site, page load times, keywords, server errors, etc.


Purpose for the collection and use of your personal data
The legal basis for which we will handle your personal data is for legitimate interests in conducting our business.
Following are the legal grounds for laws that apply:
Legitimate Interests
Software Submissions - Information is used to register and process software submissions for inclusion on our website.
This data is also used for authentication when a user logs in to their account.
We collect:

Email Address 
Name 
Username 
Password 

Watchlist Registration - Information is used for registration and authentication to manage your collection of software in which you requested to be notified of software updates.
We collect:

Email Address 
Name 
Username 
Password 

Technical data - Technical data is collected when a user visits our website.
This technical data is processed to analyze visitor traffic, improve our services for the user, and prevent abuse of our website and services. How to Access, Correct, or Remove Your Information Individual account holders with FreewareFiles.com may, at any time, access their product information through the use of their private accounts.
Users may add, delete, or modify their product information without prior permission from FreewareFiles.com, but before information is published on our site, all product information will be reviewed and must be approved by us.
To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Only you can access this account by using your unique Logon ID and Password.
You may request deletion of your FreewareFiles.com account by contacting Customer Support. Third Party Advertising and Technology We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site.
These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
Exponential Interactive, Inc, as our partner, have a legitimate interest to collect and profile personal data in the form of IP address and cookie ID from users on our website in order to provide targeted online advertising and ad measurement.
For more details including opt-out requests, access requests or complaints, please review their privacy policy or contact their data protection officer via privacy@exponential.com.
The DoubleClick DART cookie is used by Google in the ads served on publisher websites displaying AdSense for content ads.
When users visit an AdSense publisher's website and either view or click on an ad, a cookie may be dropped on that end user's browser.
The data gathered from these cookies will be used to help AdSense publishers better serve and manage the ads on their site(s) and across the web.
To learn more about Google's use of cookies and opt-out, visit Google's Privacy &amp.
Terms page.
We use a third-party technology called ezoic.
View thier privacy policy. Our Disclosure of Your Information FreewareFiles.com does not sell your information to third parties.
All personal information we collect is to provide the user with the best experience on our website.
However, under certain circumstances, we may share your information as set forth below:

Law Enforcement - we receive court orders, subpoenas, and other requests from law enforcement officials if required by law.

Business Transfers - in the event we might sell our business your data may be part of the transfer.

Consent - If given your consent, we may transfer your information.

Legal Requirements - If required or permitted by law, we may disclose your information to comply with any legal obligation.

Personally Non-identifiable Data - We may share personally non-identifiable data with our partners for analytics to improve our website and services.

 Data Retention We retain personal data we collect from you for as long as it is needed for the purpose in which it was collected.
All personal data collected for user accounts can be deleted at any time by the account holder by using their account.
Personal data collected when a user registers for our newsletter may be deleted upon request from the user.
To remove your personal data from our newsletter subscriber database, contact us here. Security We take reasonable security measures to secure and protect your personal data from unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, and loss.
The transmission of data over the internet is not completely secure.
While we do our best to protect your data, secure internet or email transmission of your data is not guaranteed.
However, once we receive your data, appropriate security measures are employed for the protection of your personal data. Your Rights You have a right in the way we process your personal data.
We will not disclose your personal data to any third party without your consent.
You have a right to:

opt-out of newsletter subscriptions

erasure of your data from user accounts

restriction of processing your data


Opt-Out - Users can opt-out of our newsletter subscriptions by contacting us here.
Erasure - Users have the right to request removal of their personal data.
However, if we are under legal obligation to retain your data, you will be notified upon the request.
Restriction of Processing your Data - You have the right to request that we limit the use of your data where there is no lawful basis for our retention of your data, or modification of inaccurate personal data. Cookies In the course of visiting our website and viewing ads, a "cookie" may be placed on your browser.
For more information about the cookies we use, please view our Cookies Policy. Changes to this Privacy Policy We reserve the to modify and update this Privacy Policy at any time as necessary.
Please check this page periodically to check for any updates or changes to this privacy policy, particularly prior to providing any information. How to Contact Us Should you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy , please use our contact form.

 CATEGORIES 
 How-To's / Top 5's 
 Antivirus 
 Audio/Video 
 Business / Organize 
 Desktop Enhancements 
 Developer Tools 
 Drivers 
 Essential Software 
 Games 
 Graphics / Design 
 Home / Education 
 Internet 
 Mobile / Smartphone Tools 
 Network 
 Programming 
 Screensavers 
 Security / Privacy 
 Utilities POPULAR 
New Files
HowTo's
Top 100
Best Essential Software
 SOFTWARE 
Editor's Picks
My Watchlist
Top 5
Submit Software
 FREEWARE FILES 
EULA / Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Uninstall
Contact Us
 SHARE WITH YOUR FRIENDS 
 189 Shares Share Tweet Pin Email Share


 Over 18,000 programs to download and use for free 
Â© 1998 - 2021 FreewareFiles.com.
All Rights Reserved. Back to Top Share Tweet Pin Email Share We use cookies to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience.
This includes personalizing content and advertising.
To learn more, click here.
By continuing to use our site, you accept our use of cookies, revised Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Learn more.I Accept
      