

 Woopr Terms of Service  Friendifie, Inc.
is a United States based company and the Android App Service offered as "Woopr Messenger" via Google Play is subject only to United States laws, jurisdictions and regulations.
This Terms of Service ("TOS") is offered only in English.
 1.
Accepting The Terms of Service  Please read this Terms of Service carefully before using our services offered by Friendifie, Inc.
("Friendifie, Inc.", "Woopr", "us", "we", "our").
This Terms of Service ("TOS") is a legally binding contract between you and Friendifie, Inc.'s Woopr Android Application.

 You'll notice, throughout this Terms of Service we've posted a few alert systems to help you better understand this Terms of Service and what you're agreeing to.
 2.
Modification To This Contract  Friendifie, Inc.
strictly reserves the right to modify this agreement at any moment.
We'll keep you informed via the home page of the app (it'll be a notification).
also by the update section of the Woopr Android App Description page.

 Friendifie, Inc.
is NOT responsible for you not being aware of the noted updates to the Terms of Service if you're downloading our App from a third-party App Market.
As the only verified App Market for this section is the Google Play Store.

 We'll post a notification on Woopr's home page of the app.
We're NOT responsible if you download the app from somewhere else and aren't aware of any Terms of Service updates.
 3.
Eligibility  Friendifie, Inc.
strictly refuses access to Woopr if someone is under the age of thirteen (13), a registered sex offender, violent or a threat (including: those who have or are being convicted for kidnapping, murder, manslaughter, harassment, ect.) to the community as a whole.
Users who violate our Terms of Service will result in an account ban which will require an appeal.
If we think an appeal isn't acceptable we'll grant you a section 10.
Contract Closure appeal.
This means we'll then proceed with closing your contract and removing your content from our servers.
But, if we see your ban was due to malicious intent to violate these Terms of Service or Policies we'll need to discuss the appeal process with you to be processed successfully.
If that's not understandable then we'll offer you a permanently IP Ban for the contract cancellation.
Read more about cancelling your contract below and we'll be happy to assist you as soon as possible.

 If you violate our Terms of Service, your account will get banned.
You will be allowed to place and appeal for a section 10.
Contract Closure.
If we think you've been malicious we can ban your Device ID or IP Address(s) to stop any further abuse towards our infrastructure.
 4.
Account  Friendifie, Inc.
reserves the right to ban any user for any reason with or without notice if the user is expected of violating this Terms of Service or using our services in an ill-mannered method.
We still allow banned users to close their Woopr contract by emailing us via support@friendifie.com.
Set the Subject field as Banned Contract Closure Request and we'll work as quickly as possible to close your contract for you because your contract closing method has been revoked.
For a quicker response please email us off of the email address associated with your account for verification purposes.
If you encounter any issues in regards to your ban, we'll quickly take appropriate actions to appeal the contract as soon as possible to quickly close your contract for you on your behalf.
See below section 10.
Contract Closure for more information.
 5.
Content  All content submitted by you as a user is your data and you are responsible for it.
Friendifie, Inc.
is in no way, shape or form responsible for any messages or photos you share with other users.
You strictly own all the data you submitted and only submit at your own risk.

 If you post something that'll get you in trouble legally, it's your problem.
Not Friendifie, Inc.'s.
 6.
Appeals  Friendifie, Inc.
partners who retain a valid contract with Friendifie, Inc.
reserve all rights of ownership and therefore can not be refused an appeal or contract closure.
Friendifie, Inc.
however does reserve the right to blacklist abuse for future means.
We take security extremely seriously and will ban any IP Address or Device ID that constantly abuses our services.
However, an IP Ban is a worst case scenario for extreme abusers who refuse to let up on the constant abuse towards our infrastructures and technologies.
In these type of situations, we also reserve the right to pursue legal action towards the malicious party at their expense.
If anyone inside of Friendifie, Inc.
refuses an acceptable appeal it will be passed through to the appropriate security parties and the lower divisions who've failed to roll out a means of security appeals of contract cancellations will result in objection or an appeal.

 We're cancelling your contracts no matter what, even if we have to fire someone who's not appealing your contract appropriately.
Because, we don't want your data.
We want your loyal satisfaction.
So, if anyone on our side tries to stand between your security they'll meet dire consequences and will have to place an appeal.
If not they'll be out of a job because they failed to protect your security.
 7.
Copyright  Friendifie, Inc.
and all of its services including Woopr are copyrighted and owned by Friendifie, Inc.
unless stated otherwise.
You agree to not copy, edit, share or tamper with any content offered by Friendifie, Inc.
without written consent by the Friendifie, Inc.
owner.
Attempts to exploit Friendifie, Inc.
or tamper with its infrastructure may result into punishment by law.
 8.
Data Retention  Friendifie, Inc.
reserves the right to retain deleted data for a period of two-weeks for law enforcement officials, due to legal obligations here in the United States.
We will retain any deleted information whereas described in our Data Policy.
But, you should understand under your contract cancellation or previously deleted data that your shared photos will be deleted from our services.
Only encrypted photo URLs will remain until the retention period of two-weeks has expired.

 Due to legal reasons we must retain deleted information for a period of time, this is called "Data Retention".
All your information will remain encrypted even if it's handed over to law enforcement, but you should be very careful what you share online because sometimes it's impossible for stuff online to ever be deleted.
 9.
Third Parties  We may provide links to other websites and we accept no responsibility for anything that happens on their website.
Each website should provide its own SSL encryption, terms, policies, rules or regulations and you should adhere to understanding how that website chooses to operate before proceeding just in case they've made any changes we're not aware of.
 10.
Contract Closure  You understand that joining Friendifie, Inc.
the new evolutionary Social Media platform you retain all rights to remove your content and our permissions to your content at any moment.
If you shall wish to cancel your Friendifie, Inc.'s Contract via Woopr you're allowed to permanently delete your account under your Account Settings which immediately closes your contract with us which renders our permissions to your information useless.
The contract holder should understand that all information has a set limit of two-weeks before it's permanently deleted from our servers due to legal obligations.
After this period all information on our servers will be removed and hopefully all cache information will be removed ultimately erasing you forever from the Friendifie, Inc.
platform.

 You own your contract and all of your information.
At any moment you can permanently delete your account and we'll remove you as soon as possible.
But, due to legal reasons we must wait at least two-weeks (shortest retention period ever) and then all your information will be removed forever.
But, you should keep in mind our servers also have their own minds, will cache data for a period of time before they expire and clear themselves out even though we tell our servers to not cache anything, it's just how technologies work together.

 © Friendifie, Inc.

