
        You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.Sign InFrom Zero!'s Privacy PolicyFrom Zero LLC (“From Zero,” “we,” “us,” “our,” etc) values the privacy of its users (“you”).
We provide this policy in accordance with our obligations under applicable law and as part of our commitment to handling your personal information responsibly and transparently.
Please review this Privacy Policy to understand our practices, including what personal information we collect, why we collect it, how we collect it, and how you can exercise your rights with respect to your personal information.Data We Collect About YouWe may collect the following Personal Information about you:
Name and contact data. Your first and last name, email address, home or business address and phone number.Payment data.Payment card number and related information such as expiration date and any required codes are required to purchase.
Payment processing is provided by trusted third-party processors, either Stripe or PayPal.
We never have any access to your payment data, nor do we store it.
You will know prior to processing whether the transaction will be processed by Stripe or PayPal.For more information on how Stripe manages your data please see their privacy policy at https://stripe.com/privacy.For more information on how PayPal manages your data please see their privacy policy at https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full.Images and videos. Any images and videos that you may provide as a result of your use of the site.Location data. Data about your location which can be precise or imprecise.
For example, we collect location data about nearby cell towers and hotspots as well as zip code data which provides a less precise location.Feedback and ratings. Any information that you provide to us about our site.Credentials. Username and passwords and other security information used for authentication.User Content. Any content you generate and transmit to our site.Why We Process Your DataWe process your data primarily in order to fulfill an agreement between us.
That is, we provide this site to help you learn new language skills and we must process your data for that purpose.
Additionally, we process your data for the following legitimate business purposes:To communicate with you effectively when you reach out with comments or questions.To provide, troubleshoot, and improve our services.To personalize your experience on our site.To comply with legal obligations.Disclosing Your DataWe may disclose information about you:To service providers that process payments.To service providers that handle marketing communications, provide technical support, conduct surveys, or perform other services for us.To business partners that engage in interest-based advertising.As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, court order, or other legal process.As necessary to provide you with the services, products, and information you request from us.When we have a good faith belief that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or property or to protect the safety of you or others.To detect, prevent, or respond to potential fraud, intellectual property infringement, violations of our Terms of Service, violations of law, or other misuse of our services.To proceed with the negotiation or completion of a merger, acquisition, sale, or other transfer of all or part of our assets.
or Any other disclosure of your data with your consent.Third-Party Links and ContentOur services and communications may contain links to or content from websites or other online services provided by third parties.
We are not responsible for the collection and use of your information by websites and other services that are not under our control.
The privacy practices of third parties are governed by their privacy policies, and we encourage you to review the privacy policies of all websites and online services that you use, view, or visit.Do Not Track DisclosureDo Not Track is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers.
When a user turns on the Do Not Track signal, the browser sends a message to websites requesting them not to track the user.
At this time, we do not respond to Do Not Track browser settings or signals.
For information about Do Not Track, please visit: www.allaboutdnt.org.CookiesCookies are small files that websites store on your device.
Cookies enable our site to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
For instance, we use cookies to help us remember the services you obtained on our site.
They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services.
We may use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies.
You can do this through your browser settings.
If you turn cookies off, some of the features on our site may not function properly.California ResidentsCalifornia consumers have the right to request and receive (1) the categories of personal information We have collected about that consumer, (2) the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, (3) the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information, (4) the categories of third parties with whom We share personal information, and (5) the specific pieces of personal information We have collected about that consumer.
We do not discriminate in any way against an individual exercising his or her rights under any relevant data privacy statute or regulation, including the California Consumer Privacy Act.European Union and United Kingdom Data SubjectsEU and UK data subjects have the right to (1) access a copy of the information that we hold about you, (2) rectify data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete, (3) ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records which will be granted in certain circumstances, (4) restrict processing where appropriate, (5) transfer your information to another organization, (6) object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing, (7) object to automated processing, including profiling.
In the event that we refuse your request under rights of access, we will provide you with a reason as to why.
You may have the right to complain to the appropriate supervisory authority.
We offer these rights to EU and UK data subjects in a good faith effort to meet their expectations related to the use of their data.ContactIf there are questions or concerns about this Policy, or you wish to exercise your rights related to this Policy, you may contact us at support@FromZero.com.©1996-2022 From Zero LLCPrivacy PolicyTerms of Use







