
        You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.Sign InFrom Zero!'s Terms of UseFrom Zero LLC (“From Zero”) operates https://www.FromZero.com and other pages on this domain (the “Site”) to provide educational content and services (“Services”).
These Terms of Use govern all access to and use of the Site.
By using this Site you agree to the Terms of Use set forth on this page.
From Zero may change these Terms of Use at any time.
Please refer to these Terms of Use to be informed of your rights and responsibilities in accessing and using this Site.1.
PrivacyFrom Zero respects your privacy.
Please see our Privacy Policy to understand how From Zero collects, protects, uses, and shares information gathered about users on this Site.
By using this Site, you accept these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.2.
Using the Services
2.1 Permitted Use. From Zero grants you a limited license to access and use the Service subject to the restrictions provided in these Terms of Use.
It is a condition of your use of the Services that the information you provide is correct, current, and complete.
Your use of the Services is at your own risk.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to the Services.
From Zero may close your account, suspend your ability to use certain portions of the Services, and/or ban you altogether from the Services for any or no reason, and without notice or liability of any kind.

2.2 Limited License. Subject to these Terms of Use, From Zero grants to you a nontransferable license to use the Services on any compatible device you own or control.
You may not transfer, redistribute, lease, lend, rent, or sublicense your access to the Services.
You may not copy, reverse-engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, modify, or create derivative works of the Site or its contents (except as and only to the extent that any foregoing restriction is prohibited by applicable law or to the extent as may be permitted by the licensing terms governing use of any open-sourced components included with the Site).3.
Accounts
3.1 Registration. Some or all of the Site’s features or functionalities require you to register an account with us.
When you do, we ask you to provide certain registration details or other information about yourself.
All such information is subject to our Privacy Policy.

3.2 Payment. From Zero offers paid subscriptions for some of the features on the Site by requiring a subscription fee in advance on a monthly basis, annual basis, or some other recurring interval disclosed to you prior to your purchase.
Additionally, From Zero may offer one-time purchases for access to certain content.
We may change the price for the paid subscriptions, including recurring subscription fees, from time to time.
From Zero will communicate any price changes to you in advance and, if applicable, how to accept those changes.
Price changes will take effect at the start of the next subscription period following the date of the price change.
Subject to applicable law, you accept the new price by continuing to use the Services after the price change takes effect.
From Zero reserves the right to revoke your limited license under Section 1 above or any other rights you may have under these terms if payment is not provided in advance of using the Site.

3.3 Responsibilities. You are responsible for all activities that occur in connection with your account.
You will treat your account credentials confidentially and will not disclose it to any third-party.
You agree to immediately notify From Zero if you have any reason to believe that your account credentials have been compromised or if there is any unauthorized use of your account or password, or any other breach of security.
Further, you are prohibited from uploading any type of malicious code or using any technical means to secure seeking greater access to the Site and/or Services than granted by From Zero.
From Zero asks that you use particular caution when accessing your profile from a public or shared computer or device, or when using your account in a public space.
By creating an account, you agree that you may receive communications from us, such as newsletters, special offers, and account reminders and updates.
You also understand that you can remove yourself from optional communications by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link in the footer of the actual email, however some communications may be mandatory when permitted by law.

3.4 Accuracy. You may not impersonate someone else to create an account, create or use an account for anyone other than yourself, permit anyone else to use your account, or provide personal information for purposes of account registration other than your own.


3.5 Terminable at Will. From Zero has the right to disable or close any user account at any time and for any reason or for no reason.
Our termination of your account does not void any of the terms in these Terms of Use.4.
Copyright Notice
4.1 Content. All content available through the Site including text, images, information, audio, video, (“Content"), are the sole property of From Zero.
No Content may be copied, distributed, reproduced, republished, downloaded, scraped, displayed, performed publicly, transmitted, or sold, rented, leased, or lent in any form or by any means, in whole or in part, other than as expressly permitted in these Terms and Conditions.

4.2 User Materials. Further, all data, information and materials generated from your access and use of the Site, including translated content or notes on lessons generated by you (collectively, the “User Materials”), shall be exclusively owned by From Zero, and you shall not have any right to use such User Materials except as expressly authorized by these Terms and Conditions.
By using the Service, you hereby assign to From Zero any and all rights, title and interest, including any intellectual property rights or proprietary rights, in the Activity Materials.
All rights not expressly granted in these Terms of Use are reserved.5.
Trademark NoticeAll product or service names used on this Site are trademarks or service marks of From Zero unless otherwise indicated.
Third parties may use From Zero’s trademarks and service marks only with the prior written consent of the company and with proper acknowledgement.6.
Limitation of LiabilityYou use this Site at your own risk and in your sole discretion.
From Zero is not responsible for any harm suffered through the use of this Site in violation of these Terms of Use.
To the extent permitted by law, From Zero shall not be liable for damages of any kind arising from the use of this Site, including but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive and consequential damages, regardless of whether the company has been notified of such damages.7.
Disclaimer of WarrantyFrom Zero makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this Site, or the information, content, materials and/or products included on this Site.
To the full extent permissible by applicable law, From Zero disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and/or non-infringement.8.
Choice of LawUse of this Site shall be deemed to have occurred in the State of Nevada in the United States.
The validity, construction and effect of the Terms of Use and any actions taken under or relating to these Terms of Use shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada, without regard to its conflict of law principles, and applicable United States Federal law.
For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises through use of this Site, you agree to submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of Nevada, you agree that any litigation shall be conducted in the courts of Clark County, Nevada, or the federal courts for the United States for the District of Nevada in Clark County, Nevada.
You waive any claim or defense that forum is not convenient or proper.
You agree that any such court shall have in personam jurisdiction over you and consent to service of process in any manner authorized by Nevada law.9.
IndemnityYou shall indemnify and hold harmless From Zero, its affiliates and licensors and their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, and suppliers from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses or fees (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from your or your end users’ violation of these Terms of Use or your or your end users’ use of Site.10.
SeverabilityIf any provision in these Terms of Use shall be held or deemed to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable for any reason, the invalidity of that provision shall not have the effect of rendering any other provisions in these Terms of Use unenforceable.11.
ContactAll feedback, comments, requests for technical support, and other communications relating to the Site should be directed to support@FromZero.com.
By sending us any ideas, suggestions, documents or proposals (“Feedback”), you agree that (i) your Feedback does not contain the confidential or proprietary information of third-parties, (ii) we are under no obligation of confidentiality, express or implied, with respect to the Feedback, (iii) we may have something similar to the Feedback already under consideration or in development that is owned by us, and (iv) you grant us an irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, worldwide license to use, modify, prepare derivative works, publish, distribute and sublicense the Feedback, and you irrevocably waive, and cause to be waived, against From Zero and its users any claims and assertions of any moral rights contained in such Feedback.
©1996-2022 From Zero LLCPrivacy PolicyTerms of Use







