
         Browse Search Support ▼ News &amp.
Updates Help &amp.
Support Advertising Black Lives Matter RULES &amp.
POLICIES Terms of Service Privacy Code of Conduct Upload Policy SOCIAL Forums Twitter Facebook Log In or Create an Account Log In Create an Account Browse Search 


Browse
Search
 Upload
 Support 
 Community News &amp.
Updates Help &amp.
Support Advertising Black Lives Matter Rules &amp.
Policies Terms of Service Privacy Code of Conduct Upload Policy Social Forums Twitter Facebook  &nbsp.

Log In or Create an Account Log In Create an Account 
 Fur Affinity | Terms of Service Updated - 4/11/2019 
1.
Acceptance and Compliance
2.
Modifications to this Agreement
3.
Account Registration and Usage
4.
User Created Content
5.
Service and Accessibility
 1.
Acceptance and Compliance 1.1Upon registering an account on Fur Affinity, you agree to abide by all the guidelines provided in this document and any therein, including the Code of Conduct, Privacy Policy, and Upload Policy.
By registering an account, using, or accessing our services, you agree to be bound by all the terms and conditions of this agreement.
If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement you should not, and are not permitted to, use our services.
1.2Fur Affinity reserves the right to enforce these terms via content removal (submissions, journals, comments, etc), account suspension, and account termination at the discretion of its staff.
You agree that we are not responsible for any loss of data, information, or financial hardships that may result from us enforcing these terms.
In order to investigate claims and comply with local law enforcement, we reserve the right to monitor any communication using Fur Affinity as the medium.
We encourage users to backup all their data.
1.3If for any reason, your account is suspended, banned, restricted, blocked (via users), or otherwise disabled by Fur Affinity, you agree to not create another account with the intent to bypass these limitations without our permission.
Any effort to evade these limitations may result in the termination of all current and future accounts you register.
1.4You agree to comply with all requests made by site moderators.
If you disagree with the request, you may ask the site moderator to escalate the issue.
1.5You may appeal any action taken against your account either via our Trouble Ticket system or email appeals@furaffinity.net.
2.
Modifications to this Agreement 2.1Fur Affinity reserves the right to change these documents at any time, without prior notice, and for any reason.
You will be notified of these changes via site announcements.
Continued usage of the site after being notified constitutes acceptance and agreement with any changes.
You are responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with and adhering to any modifications to this agreement.
2.2We may ask you to review and explicitly agree to a revised version of these terms.
In this case, any modifications will be effective at the time of your agreement.
If you do not agree, then you are not permitted to use our services and must discontinue using them immediately.
In circumstances where you are not asked to explicitly agree, but are instead notified as stated above via site announcement, then the modifications will become effective fourteen (14) days after being announced.
3.
Account Registration and Usage 3.1By registering an account, you agree that you are at least thirteen (13) years of age in the US or are sixteen (16) if you are a resident of the EU.
No individual under the age of thirteen (13) may register an account, use our services, provide any personal information to Fur Affinity, or otherwise upload or transmit personal information through our services (Name, address, telephone number, email address, etc).
3.2You agree to provide accurate and truthful information when registering your account.
3.3You agree not to create an account name that violates our Code of Conduct by being offensive, racist, or harassing.
3.4You agree to not transfer your account ownership to another user.
3.5You agree not to use your account to impersonate individuals or organizations.
3.6You agree to not use your account to aid any user in circumventing the terms and policies of Fur Affinity.
3.7You agree that we reserve the right to remove, reclaim, or rename any account for any reason.
3.8You agree that you are responsible for any activity on your account and that any violations of this document or those therein will be applied to all of your accounts.
3.9You agree that while there is no limit to the number of accounts you may create, you and each of your accounts will use Fur Affinity's services as intended and NOT to: 3.9.1Tamper with, nor use non-public areas of these services.
3.9.2Probe, scan, nor test any of our systems or networks for any reason.
3.9.3Attempt to neither breach nor circumvent any security or authentication measure.
3.9.4Attempt to neither access nor search our services by any means (automated or otherwise) that negatively impacts site performance.
3.9.5Scrape our services, content, or content belonging to those using our services in a way that negatively impacts site performance.
3.9.6Use our services to send altered, deceptive, or false source-identifying information (e.g.
Forged TCP-IP packet headers, email headers).
3.9.7Attempt to, interfere, nor disrupt the access of any user, host or network.
3.9.8Create accounts simply to reserve them and prevent their use by others.
4.
User Created Content 4.1When you upload content to Fur Affinity via our services, you grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, sublicensable, transferable right and license to use, host, store, cache, reproduce, publish, display (publicly or otherwise), perform (publicly or otherwise), distribute, transmit, modify, adapt, and create derivative works of, that content.
These permissions are purely for the limited purposes of allowing us to provide our services in accordance with their functionality (hosting and display), improve them, and develop new services.
These permissions do not transfer the rights of your content or allow us to create any deviations of that content outside the aforementioned purposes.
4.2Although Fur Affinity can display artistic renditions of adult content, the feature is disabled by default and may only be enabled via your account settings if you are legally allowed to view it in the United States (18 years of age).
If we determine that you may not be legally allowed to access this content, we will restrict your access to mature and adult content until you can verify your age via government photo identification.
Any attempt to bypass this measure may result in all current and future accounts registered by you to be permanently banned.
5.
Service and Accessibility 5.1Our services may change without prior notice to you.
We retain the right to create limits on our services at any time with or without notice.
We may also impose limits on services or aspects of them or restrict your access to part or all of our services without notice or liability.
We may change, suspend, or discontinue any or all of our services at any time, including availability of any product, feature, database, and content (yours or ours).
5.2Fur Affinity's services are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis.
We do not warranty our services or content (yours or ours).
You release us from liability concerning: 5.2.1Disputes between you and other users.
5.2.2Acts of third parties.
5.2.3Unauthorized access by anyone to any data communications relating to, or content stored under, your account.
5.2.4Links posted by users.
5.2.5Issues relating to occurrences that happen at any face-to-face meeting that was organized on Fur Affinity or by Fur Affinity, unless expressly disclosed in writing that Fur Affinity is sponsoring the event.
© 2005-2020 IMVU | Advertise | Terms of Service | Privacy | Code of Conduct | Upload Policy 42228 Users online — 1757 guests, 16068 registered and 24403 other
Limit bot activity to periods with less than 10k registered users online. Server Time: Dec 14, 2020 03:41 PM This website uses cookies to enhance your browsing experience.
Learn More I Consent 
      