
        GamesSearch Gamestags Skill Games Puzzle Games Thinking Games Girl Games Obstacle Games Fun Games Collecting Games Physics Games Side Scrolling Games Upgrade Games Trap Games Platform Games Money Games Jumping Games Dress Up Games Top games this week
 Geometry Dash
 Elastic Man
 Minecraft Classic
 Happy Wheels
 Slope 3
 Fireboy &amp.
Watergirl 1
PRIVACY POLICYThis Privacy Policy was last updated on September 24, 2020.
GAAMESS respects the privacy of all users of its Site and shall ensure the personal information you provide is treated confidentially.Information Collection And UseGAAMESS does not collect, analyze, distribute any personal information.
IP address and logging Your IP address is used only by google analytics to gather demographic information and to track your general visiting patterns (how many pages you view while at one website, statistics regarding most played games, etc).
Third-Party Advertising We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our website.
These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you.Log DataLike many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site (“Log Data”).
This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.CookiesCookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier.
Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Like many sites, we use “cookies” to collect and store information – including data which is essential to the proper function of many games.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site/games.
Ultimately it is your choice whether to access this Site and whether you wish to allow cookies to be stored.SecurityThe security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.
While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Links to third-party websitesThe GAAMESS General Site knowingly links out to the following third-party websites.
The names of these third-party websites link to their privacy policy.

YouTube
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
LinkedIn
Third-Party AdvertisingWe use several third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Site.
These companies may use cookies to store information about your visits to this and other websites (your browsing activity) in order to provide advertisements on this Site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser.
Google Adsense delivered by Google, Inc., may make use of one or more DoubleClick DART Cookies.
DART cookies store and collect data on your computer about your browsing activity.
Google may use this data to show advertisements on this Site based on your browsing activity.
You can choose to opt-out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google ad and content privacy policy.

Contact
Privacy Policy
GAAMESS © 2022

