

PRIVACY POLICY:

Effective Date: January 8, 2021
Welcome to the GeeHii website (www.geehii.com or the "Website"), which is operated
by 1 Click CPA Inc.
This written policy (the "Privacy
Policy") is designed to tell you about our practices regarding collection,
use, and disclosure of information that you may provide via this Website and
certain related services.
Please be sure to read this entire Privacy Policy
before using, or submitting information, to this Website.This
Privacy Policy may change over time.
Your continued use of the Website after
any such changes will indicate your consent to the changes.
The policy of the
Website is to respect and protect the privacy of our users.
To fulfill this
policy, the Website agrees to exercise the precautions set forth in this
Privacy Policy to maintain the confidentiality of information provided by you
in connection with accessing and using the Website.

Active Information Collection

Like many websites, this
Website actively collects information from its visitors both by asking you
specific questions and by permitting you to communicate directly with us via
e-mail or feedback forms, and when you complete a purchase.
Some of the
information that you submit may be personally identifiable information (that
is, information that can be uniquely identified with you, such as your full
name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number and sales delivery, billing
and credit card information).

Passive Information Collection

We also collect
information passively, without you actively providing the information, by using
various technologies and means, such as Internet Protocol addresses, cookies,
Internet tags, and navigational data collection.
When you visit this
Website, we automatically collect your Internet Protocol (IP) address.
An IP
Address is a number assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider so you can access the Internet.
We use your IP address
to diagnose problems with our server, report aggregate information, determine
the fastest route for your computer to use in connecting to our Website, and
administer and improve services to our consumers.We
also collect "cookies," which are information that a website sends to
your web browser that helps the site remember information about you and your preferences.This Website uses both session cookies and
persistent cookies.
"Session cookies" are temporary bits of
information that are erased once you exit your web browser window or otherwise
turn your computer off.
Session cookies are used to improve navigation on
websites and to collect aggregate statistical information.
"Persistent
cookies" are more permanent bits of information that are placed on the
hard drive of your computer and stay there unless you delete the cookie.
Persistent cookies store information on your computer for a
number of purposes, such as retrieving certain information you have
previously provided (e.g., username), helping to determine what areas of the
website visitors find most valuable, and customizing the website based on your
preferences.
"Internet
tags" (also known as single-pixel GIFs, clear GIFs, invisible GIFs, and
1-by-1 GIFs) are smaller than cookies and tell the website server information
such as the IP address and browser type related to the visitor's computer.
This
Website uses Internet tags.
"Navigational data" ("log
files," "server logs," and "clickstream" data) and
"Internet Tags" are used for system management, to improve the
content of the site, market research purposes, and to communicate information
to visitors.
This Website uses navigational data.
If you provide
personally identifiable information to this Website, we may combine your
personally identifiable information with passively collected information.

Use of Data Collected

We use the information
we collect to enhance your experience on the Website and to enable us to
present content we think you might be interested in.
We use your contact
information to send you information about our company and promotional material
from our partners.
We may also use your personal, demographic and profile data
to improve our site, for statistical analysis, for marketing and promotional
purposes, and for editorial or feedback purposes for our advertisers.
Information collected by us may be added to our databases and used for future
telemarketing, SMS text-messaging, e-mails or postal mailings regarding site
updates, new products and services, upcoming events, and status of orders
placed on the Website.

Disclosure of Information

We may also share your
personally identifiable information with third party marketers who may send you
information about products or services that they believe you will find of
interest.
We may also disclose
your personally identifiable information to third parties, located in the
United States or any other country, including contractors we use to support our
business (e.g., fulfillment services, technical support, delivery services, and
financial institutions).
in connection with the sale, assignment, or other
transfer of the business of this site to which the information relates.
or
where required by applicable laws, court orders, or government regulations.
In
addition, we will make full use of all information acquired through this site
that is not in personally identifiable form.
Remember that the
information provided by this site is for general background purposes and is not
intended to be used in connection with, or as a substitute for, medical diagnosis
or treatment by a trained professional.
You should always consult your own
physician about any healthcare questions you may have, especially before trying
a new medication, diet, fitness program, or approach to health care issues.

Opt-Out Procedures

You may always opt-out
of receiving communications from us.
To opt out of future e-mail communications
from GeeHii, please use the opt-out link in the email, or email us
at: Support@geehii.com or
call us at 844-397-4050 (Monday through Friday from 7:00am-7:00pm EST and
Saturday &amp.
Sunday from 9:00am to 5:30pm)/

Security of Information

The importance of
security for all personal information associated with our subscribers is of
utmost concern to us.
We maintain reasonable and
appropriate measures designed to maintain information we collect in a secure
manner.
Even though we follow reasonable procedures to try to protect the
information in our possession, no security system is perfect
and we cannot promise, and you should not expect, that your information will be
secure in all circumstances.

Links

This Website may contain
links to websites of third parties not affiliated with GeeHii.
This
Privacy Policy will not apply to these third-party websites and the Website is
not responsible for the privacy practices or the content on any of these other
websites.
To ensure protection of your privacy, always review the privacy
policies of the sites you visit by linking from this Website.

Our Commitment to Children's Privacy

Protecting the privacy
of the very young is especially important.
This Website is not intended for
people under the age of 18.
No part of our Website is designed to attract
anyone under age 18.
If you are the parent or guardian and are made aware that
a child under the age of 18 has provided us with personal information, please
contact us.
We encourage parents to talk to their
children about their use of the Internet and the information they disclose to
websites.

California Privacy Rights

Under California's
"Shine the Light" law, we provide a method for consumers to
"opt-out" of having their information shared with third parties for
their marketing purposes.
You may contact us using the methods below to opt-out
of having your information shared with these third parties.

Interest-Based Advertising

We may partner with ad
networks and other ad serving providers ("Advertising Providers") who serve ads
on behalf of us and others on non-affiliated websites.
Some of those ads may be
personalized, meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on
information Advertising Providers collect about your visits to this site and
elsewhere over time.
You may visit
www.aboutads.info to learn more about this type of advertising and how to
opt-out of this form of advertising by companies participating in the Digital
Advertising Alliance ("DAA") self-regulatory program.
Note that electing to
opt-out will not stop advertising from appearing in your browser or
applications.
It may make the ads you see less relevant to your interests.
In
addition, note that if you use a different browser or erase cookies from your
browser, you may need to renew your opt-out choice.

How to Contact Us

If you have any
questions, comments, or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the information
practices of this site, please email Support@geehii.com or
contact us at 844-397-4050 (Monday through Friday from 7:00am-7:00pm EST and
Saturday &amp.
Sunday from 9:00am to 5:30pm).
If we need, or are required by
law, to contact you regarding the information you provide to us on the Website,
we may do so by e-mail, mail, or telephone.
 
