
        Terms Of Use  These Terms of Use (“Terms”) apply to your use of the Get.It website (“Website”).
By using the Website, you accept the Terms.
If you do not accept the Terms, do not use the Website.



Representations and warranties. You represent that you are over the age of 18 and that you have the capacity to enter into a binding contract.


Prohibitions on use of the Website. You agree not to use the Website, or products or services purchased from the Website, for, or in connection with, the following: 
 Tampering, hacking, modifying, or otherwise corrupting the security or functionality of the Website, its services, or its products.

 Posting, emailing, or otherwise transmitting any data that contains any viruses or any other code, file, or program that is intended to destroy, disrupt, or otherwise impair a computer’s functionality or the operation of any service.

Chain letters, pyramid schemes, or spamming;
 Posting, emailing, or otherwise transmitting any unlawful, harmful, harassing, defamatory, libelous, abusive, threatening, vulgar, sexually explicit, hateful, or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, or any material that is invasive of another’s privacy or exploits children under 18 years of age.

 Falsely stating or misrepresenting your identity or affiliation, including spoofing or otherwise impersonating any person or entity.

Any fraudulent or illegal purpose;
 Gathering personally identifiable information without prior consent.
or 
Interfering with another user’s enjoyment of the services.



Authorized use of the Website. You are authorized to view and download the materials on the Website only for your personal and non‐commercial use.
You may not modify the materials on the Website in any way.
You may not reproduce the materials or use them for public display, public distribution, or any other commercial purpose.


Termination. We reserve the right to terminate your authorization to use the Website, in our sole discretion, with or without notice, if we believe that your conduct fails to conform with the Terms.


Intellectual property. The materials on the Website are copyrighted and contain our trademarks.
Any unauthorized use of any materials on this Website may violate applicable copyright, trademark, and other laws.


No warranty. The information, services, and products on this Website are provided on an “as is” basis.
We provide no warranties, express, implied, or statutory, and we expressly disclaim any and all warranties, including, but not limited to, fitness for a particular purpose.


Limitation of liability. In no event will we be liable to any party for any indirect, incidental, special, punitive, exemplary, or consequential damages for any use of this Website or any of its products or services.


Third party websites. We make no representations whatsoever about any third party website you may access through links in the Website.
When you access any such third party website, you acknowledge and agree that it is independent from us, and that we have no control over its content.
In addition, a link to such third party site does not mean that we endorse or accept any responsibility for the content, or the use, of such site.
It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of such items as viruses, worms, and other destructive items.
It is also up to you to review and accept the third party site’s privacy policy and terms of use.


Governing law. These Terms shall be governed by, subject to, and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland, and you agree that the sole and proper venue for any legal proceedings under this agreement shall be in Montgomery County, Maryland.


Indemnification. You agree to indemnify us and hold us harmless from all claims, liabilities, damages, and expenses arising out of or related to your use of the Website or your use of the products or services offered on the Website.


Modification or amendment. The Terms may be updated from time to time.
We will provide notice of materially significant changes to the Terms by posting notice on the Website.
Your use of the Website is subject to the Terms in effect when you use the Website.
We encourage you to check the Terms periodically.


