
        Privacy Policy  Get.It has the following Privacy Policy with respect to information gathered on Web pages hosted by Get.It.
Such information is received by Get.It.
This privacy policy explains to you how your information is protected, collected and used and may be updated from time to time.
Our use of the information we collect is subject to the terms of the privacy policy in effect when we collect that information.
We will provide notice of materially significant changes to this privacy policy by posting notice on the Get.It site.
We encourage you to check our policy periodically.
The terms "we" and "us" refer to Get.It.
Your use of this website indicates that you accept the terms of this privacy policy.
If you do not accept the terms, then do not use this website.
 The Information We Collect  Personally Identifiable Information — When visiting Get.It and signing up for or using Get.It services, you may choose to supply Get.It with information that identifies you personally.
For End-Users, this information may include, without limitation, your name and contact information, shipping and billing information, credit card numbers and other payment information.
For Clients, this information may include, without limitation, the Client's name and contact information, the Client's web site information (including without limitation name, URL), payment information, and user comments.

 We also may collect personally identifiable information if that information is provided by you in comments or feedback, if you post it on our classifieds, or if you contact us directly.
Please do not post any personal information on the classifieds, forums, or other properties of Get.It that you expect to keep private.

 Non-personally Identifiable Information - You may choose to supply Get.It with information that does not identify you personally.
This information may include, without limitation, your gender, birth date, occupation, and purchase history.
We, and third-party vendors we use, may also collect certain non-personally identifiable information about you which is made available by your browser, computer system, hardware, software, and/or the use of cookies, including, but not limited to, your IP address, browser type, operating system, domain name, access times, referring website addresses, and addresses of other websites you visit.

 Information about children: We are concerned about the privacy of young children and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from a child under the age of 13.
We do not sell products or services for purchase by children.
 The Way We Use Information  We use the information collected on this website to complete the transaction for which the information is intended.
Such transactions may include, without limitation: administering a service, such as search, community, advertising sales, ecommerce.
completing an order.
replying to support requests.
or contacting you if you have granted us permission to do so.
Notwithstanding any other provision, we partner with third parties that collect information across various channels, including offline and online, for purposes of delivering more relevant advertising to you.
Our partners may place or recognize a cookie on your computer, device, or directly in our emails/communications, and we may share personal information with them if you have submitted such information to us, such as your name, postal address, or email address.
Our partners may link the nonpersonal information we share with them to the cookie stored on your browser or device, and they may collect information such as your IP address, browser or operating system type and version, and demographic or inferred-interest information.
Our partners use this information to recognize you across different channels and platforms over time for advertising, analytics, attribution, and reporting purposes.
For example, our partners may deliver an ad to you in your web browser based on a purchase you made in a physical retail store, or they may send a personalized marketing email to you based on the fact that you visited a particular website.
To learn more about interest-based advertising in general and to opt out, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices or visit this link .
We may share the information with third parties to the extent that is necessary to administer the services we offer our Clients and End-Users or if we are required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process.
We also may disclose information about users to law enforcement officers or others when we have a good faith belief that the disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our Terms of Use, respond to claims that any posting or other content violates the rights of third-parties, or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Get.It, its users or the general public.

 From time to time, we also use the information to inform you of additions or improvements to the Get.It services.
If you do not wish to receive Get.It emails, you may opt out by clicking on the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of all Get.It emails.

 Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways or for reasons unrelated to the ones described above without also providing an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
 Our Commitment to Data Security  To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures reasonably designed to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Personnel who have access to our database are trained to maintain and secure all information.

 We store in our database all classified and other postings and they remain in our database even after "deletion." Such postings and information also may be archived elsewhere.
We make good faith efforts to store the information in a secure environment that is not publicly available, but we cannot guarantee complete security.

 Search engines not affiliated with Get.It also may archive or otherwise make available content, including without limitation, postings and resumes, from Get.It and we cannot guarantee the security in connection with any such unaffiliated entity in connection with Get.It postings, content, or otherwise.
 How You Can Access or Update Your Information  Clients can access their personally identifiable information that Get.It collects online and maintains by signing in to their password-protected account and selecting "Edit My Profile".

 To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections to your information.

 If you wish to remove your personally identifiable information from our newsletters and/or our website, please send us an email requesting such removal to contact@get.it, and we will honor that request within 10 business days.

 If you have questions or concerns about any of our information collection or handling practices, please contact us at contact@get.it, write to us at 1250 23rd Street, NW Suite 420, Washington, DC 20037 or by calling (703) 880-6630.
 Feedback  Get.It welcomes your feedback on this document by email at contact@get.it 
