
         GETTY IMAGES CONTENT LICENSE AGREEMENT LAST UPDATED: April 2021
This is a license agreement between you and Getty Images that explains how you can use photos, illustrations, vectors, and video clips (individually and collectively, "content") that you license from Getty Images.
By downloading content from Getty Images, you accept the terms of this agreement.



What types of licenses does Getty Images offer? Getty Images offers three types of license models: royalty-free ("RF"), rights-ready ("RR") and rights-managed ("RM").
Royalty-free does not mean there is no cost for the license.
Instead, royalty-free means that the license fee is paid once and there is no need to pay additional royalties if the content is re-used.
Royalty-free content is licensed for worldwide, unlimited, perpetual use, and pricing is based on the file size.
Rights-managed and rights-ready content is licensed for specific types of use, and pricing is based on factors such as size, placement, duration of use, and geographic distribution.

Comp license: You are welcome to use content from the Getty Images site on a complimentary basis for test or sample (composite or comp) use only, for up to 30 days following download.
However, unless a license is purchased, content cannot be used in any final materials or any publicly available materials.
No other rights or warranties are granted for comp use.



How can I use licensed content? You may use licensed content in any way consistent with the rights granted below and not restricted (see Restricted Uses below).
Subject to those restrictions and the rest of the terms of this agreement, the rights granted to you by Getty Images are: Royalty-Free
Rights-Managed/Rights-Ready Perpetual, meaning there is no expiration or end date on your rights to use the content.
Worldwide, meaning content can be used in any geographic territory.
Unlimited, meaning content can be used an unlimited number of times.
Any and all media, meaning content can be used in print, in digital or in any other medium or format.
Non-Exclusive, meaning that you do not have exclusive rights to use the content.
Getty Images can license the same content to other customers.
If you would like exclusive rights to use royalty-free content, please contact Getty Images to discuss a buy-out.
Limited to the specific use, medium, period of time, print run, placement, size of content, and territory selected, and any other restrictions that accompany the content on the Getty Images website (or any other method of content delivery) or in an order confirmation or invoice.
Non-Exclusive, meaning that, unless otherwise indicated on the website, your invoice, sales order or separate agreement, you do not have exclusive rights to use the content.
Getty Images can license the same content to other customers.
For purposes of this agreement, "use" means to copy, reproduce, modify, edit, synchronize, perform, display, broadcast, publish, or otherwise make use of.
Please make sure you read the Restricted Uses section below for exceptions.



Restricted Uses.



No Unlawful Use.
You may not use content in a pornographic, defamatory or other unlawful manner, or in violation of any applicable regulations (including for sports content, any restrictions or credentials issued by a sports league or governing body) or industry codes.

No Commercial Use of Editorial Content.
Unless additional rights are specified on the Getty Images invoice or sales order, or granted pursuant to a separate license agreement, you may not use content marked "editorial" for any commercial, promotional, advertorial, endorsement, advertising, gambling/betting/gaming uses or merchandising purpose.
This type of content is not model or property released and is intended to be used only in connection with events or topics that are newsworthy or of general public interest.

No Alteration of Editorial Content.
Content marked "editorial" may be cropped or otherwise edited for technical quality, provided that the editorial integrity of the content is not compromised, but you may not otherwise alter the content.

No Standalone File Use.
You may not use content in any way that allows others to download, extract, or redistribute content as a standalone file (meaning just the content file itself, separate from the project or end use).

No Sensitive Use Without Disclaimer.
If you use content that features models or property in connection with a subject that would be unflattering or unduly controversial to a reasonable person (for example, sexually transmitted diseases), you must indicate: (1) that the content is being used for illustrative purposes only, and (2) any person depicted in the content is a model.
For example, you could say: "Stock photo.
Posed by model." No disclaimer is required for content marked "editorial" that is used in a non-misleading editorial manner.

No False Representation of Authorship.
You may not falsely represent that you are the original creator of a work that is made up largely of licensed content.
For instance, you cannot create artwork based solely on licensed content and claim that you are the author.

Collection Specific Restrictions.
If you are licensing content from the following collections, please click here for additional restrictions: Digital Globe.
BBC Motion Gallery.
TVNZ.
NBA.
NBC News Archives.



Restricted Uses - unless additional license purchased. The following are prohibited without the prior written consent of Getty Images and payment of an additional license fee:


No 'On Demand' Products.
Unless you purchase a custom license, you may not use content in connection with "on demand" products (e.g., products in which a licensed image is selected by a third party for customization of such product on a made-to-order basis), including, without limitation, postcards, mugs, t-shirts, calendars, posters, screensavers or wallpapers on mobile telephones, or similar items (this includes the sale of products through custom designed websites, as well as sites such as zazzle.com and cafepress.com).

No Electronic Templates.
Unless you purchase a custom license, you may not use content in electronic or digital templates intended for resale or other distribution (for example, website templates, business card templates, electronic greeting card templates, and brochure design templates).

No Use in Trademark or Logo.
Unless you purchase a custom license, you may not use content (in whole or in part) as the distinctive or distinguishing feature of a trademark, design mark, tradename, business name, service mark, or logo.
Additionally, you shall not be entitled to register (in any jurisdiction) such content (in whole or in part) as a trademark or rely on any such registrations, prior use, and/or accrued goodwill to prevent any third party use of the content or any similar content (including by us, our customers, or the copyright owner of such content).

No Machine Learning, AI, or Biometric Technology Use.
Unless expressly authorized by Getty Images, you may not use content (including any caption information, keywords or other metadata associated with content) for any machine learning and/or artificial intelligence purposes, or for any technologies designed or intended for the identification of natural persons.
Additionally, Getty Images does not represent or warrant that consent has been obtained for such uses with respect to model-released content.

No Metadata Exploitation.
Unless expressly authorized by Getty Images, you may not use the caption information, keywords, accompanying text, or other metadata associated with content separate and apart from the content, or allow any third parties to access or use any such information associated with content.
Unless expressly authorized by Getty Images, you may not use any items of content in connection with an immutable digital asset intended for sale (such as a non-fungible token).




Who, besides me, can use the licensed content? The rights granted to you are non-transferable and non-sublicensable, meaning that you cannot transfer or sublicense them to anyone else.
There are two exceptions:


Employer or client.
If you are purchasing on behalf of your employer or client, then your employer or client can use the content.
In that case, you represent and warrant that you have full legal authority to bind your employer or client to the terms of this agreement.
If you do not have that authority, then your employer or client may not use the content.
The rights purchased may only belong to you or your employer/client, depending on who is named as the "Licensee" at the time of purchase.
In other words, if you purchase a royalty-free image, only one of you (and not both) may re-use that image for multiple projects.


Sharing and Storage Restrictions for RF Content.
Please note that sharing and storage restrictions apply for royalty-free content.
Up to 10 individuals (total, not at any given time) may use an item of content, and all individuals must be from the same legal entity, however you may make RF content available for viewing by any of your employees, clients and subcontractors.
There are no restrictions on where each individual may store the content.
The raw file of content may not be provided to anyone outside of your legal entity other than subcontractors.
If you require content to be available to more than 10 users, please contact Getty Images to purchase rights for additional users.
If you are downloading content under a committed solution (i.e., Premium Access), unless renewed prior to the end of your term, all sharing rights terminate at the end of the term and all content must be removed from your shared server, digital asset management system or other storage system and stored only on individual devices.

No Seat/User Restrictions for UltraPacks.
If you purchase an UltraPack, sharing and storage restrictions do not apply and an unlimited number of users within the same legal entity may use licensed content.



Subcontractors.
You may allow subcontractors (for example, your printer or mailing house) or distributors to use content in any production or distribution process related to your final project or end use.
These subcontractors and distributors must agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement and may not use the content for any other purpose.




User Accounts. You will be responsible for tracking all activity for each user account, and you agree to: (a) maintain the security of all passwords and usernames.
(b) notify Getty Images immediately of any unauthorized use or other breach of security.
and (c) accept all responsibility for activity that occurs under each user account.
Getty Images reserves the right to monitor downloads and user activity to ensure compliance with the terms of this agreement.
If Getty Images determines that you are in breach of this or any other term of this agreement, it may suspend access to your account and seek further legal remedies.



Intellectual Property Rights.



Who owns the content? All of the licensed content is owned by either Getty Images or its content suppliers.
All rights not expressly granted in this agreement are reserved by Getty Images and the content suppliers.
You may not assert any right to revenue from a collecting society, social media website, content sharing platform or any other third party in respect of photocopying, digital copying, sharing, distribution or other secondary uses of the licensed content.

Attribution.


Do I need to include a photo credit? You do not need to include a photo credit for commercial use, but if you are using content for editorial purposes, you must include a credit adjacent to the content or in production credits.
The credit should be in the following form or as otherwise stipulated in the caption information accompanying the content on the Getty Images website: "[Photographer Name]/[Collection Name] via Getty Images"

Do I need to include a video credit? If licensed content is used in an audio/visual production where credits are accorded to other providers of licensed material, you must include a credit in comparable size and placement.
The credit should be in the following form or as otherwise stipulated in the caption information accompanying the content on the Getty Images website: "[Video] [Imagery] supplied by [Artist Name]/[Collection Name] via Getty Images"



Can I use the Getty Images name or logo, or the name and logos of its content suppliers? You may use the name of Getty Images and/or its content suppliers as necessary to give attribution, but you may not otherwise use their names, logos, or trademarks without prior written approval.




Fees and Renewal. Upon expiration of the term, if your subscription is set to AUTOMATICALLY RENEW, you authorize Getty Images to charge or you agree to pay, the applicable subscription fees at the then applicable rate and taxes for the subscription according to your payment information on file.
You may change your auto-renewal preferences in your Getty Images account.
Your subscription may only be cancelled as set out in Section 8(b).
Getty Images may deactivate your subscription without prior notice if Getty Images is unable to complete a transaction through the payment information provided by you.



Termination/Cancellation/Withdrawal.



Termination.
Getty Images may terminate this agreement at any time if you breach any of the terms of this or any other agreement with Getty Images, in which case you must immediately: cease using the content.
delete or destroy any copies.
and, if requested, confirm to Getty Images in writing that you have complied with these requirements.


Social Media Termination.
If you use the content on a social media platform or other third party website and the platform or website uses (or announces that it plans to use) the content for its own purpose or in a way that is contrary to this agreement, the rights granted for such use shall immediately terminate, and in that event, upon Getty Images' request, you agree to remove any content from such platform or website.



Refunds/Cancellation.
All requests for refunds/cancellations must be made in writing or using the cancellation function on the Getty Images' website.
Provided that the request is made within 30 days and the licensed content has not been used, Getty Images may cancel the relevant order and issue a full refund to your account or credit card.
No credits or refunds are available for cancellation requests received more than 30 days from your receipt of content, or for research, lab, service or subscription fees, all of which are non-refundable.
In the event of cancellation, your rights to use the content terminate, and you must delete or destroy any copies of the content.

Content Withdrawal.
Getty Images may discontinue licensing any item of content at any time in its sole discretion.
Upon notice from Getty Images, or upon your knowledge, that any content may be subject to a claim of infringement of a third party's right for which Getty Images may be liable, Getty Images may require you to immediately, and at your own expense: cease using the content, delete or destroy any copies.
and ensure that your clients, distributors and/or employer do likewise.
Getty Images will provide you with replacement content (determined by Getty Images in its reasonable commercial judgment) free of charge, subject to the other terms of this agreement.




Representations and Warranties. Getty Images makes the following representations and warranties:


Warranty of Non-Infringement.
For all licensed content (excluding content marked "access only"), Getty Images warrants that your use of such content in accordance with this agreement and in the form delivered by Getty Images (that is, excluding any modifications, overlays or re-focusing done by you) will not infringe on any copyrights or moral rights of the content owner/creator.

Additional Warranties for Certain Content.


RF: For licensed royalty-free content (excluding content marked "editorial"), Getty Images warrants that your use of such content in accordance with this agreement and in the form delivered by Getty Images (that is, excluding any modifications, overlays or re-focusing done by you) will not infringe on any trademark or other intellectual property right, and will not violate any right of privacy or right of publicity.

RM/RR: For licensed rights-managed and rights-ready content where Getty Images specifically notifies you that a model and/or property release has been obtained, Getty Images warrants that your use of such content in accordance with this agreement and in the form delivered by Getty Images (that is, excluding any modifications, overlays or re-focusing done by you) will not, where a property release has been obtained, infringe on any trademark or other intellectual property right and/or will not, where a model release has been obtained, violate any right of privacy or right of publicity.



Warranty Disclaimer.
Unless specifically warranted above, Getty Images does not grant any right or make any warranty with regard to the use of names, people, trademarks, trade dress, logos, registered, unregistered or copyrighted audio, designs, works of art or architecture depicted or contained in the content.
In such cases, you are solely responsible for determining whether release(s) is/are required in connection with your proposed use of the content, and you are solely responsible for obtaining such release(s).
You acknowledge that no releases are generally obtained for content identified as "editorial," and that some jurisdictions provide legal protection against a person's image, likeness or property being used for commercial purposes when they have not provided a release.
You are also solely responsible for payment of any amounts that may be due under, and compliance with any other terms of, any applicable collective bargaining agreements as a result of your use of the licensed content.

Caption/Metadata Disclaimer.
While Getty Images has made reasonable efforts to correctly categorize, keyword, caption and title the content, Getty Images does not warrant the accuracy of such information, or of any metadata provided with the content.


No Other Warranties.
Except as provided in this section above, the content is provided "as is" without representation, warranty or condition of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied representations, warranties or conditions of merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose.
Getty Images does not represent or warrant that the content or its websites will meet your requirements or that use of the content or websites will be uninterrupted or error free.




Indemnification/Limitation of Liability.



Indemnification of Getty Images by you.
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Getty Images and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, and content suppliers, and each of their respective officers, directors and employees from all damages, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable legal costs including attorney fees) arising out of or in connection with (i) your use of any content outside the scope of this agreement.
(ii) any breach or alleged breach by you (or anyone acting on your behalf) of any of the terms of this or any other agreement with Getty Images.
and (iii) your failure to obtain any required release for your use of content.

Indemnification of you by Getty Images.
Provided that you are not in breach of this or any other agreement with Getty Images, and as your sole and exclusive remedy for any breach of the warranties set forth in Section 9 above, and for Music only, the "Additional Warranties" as expressly set forth in Section 5 of the Getty Images Music License Agreement, Getty Images agrees, subject to the terms of this Section 10, to defend, indemnify and hold harmless you, your corporate parent, subsidiaries and affiliates, and each of your respective officers, directors and employees from all damages, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable legal costs including attorney fees) arising out of or in connection with any breach or alleged breach by Getty Images of its warranties in Section 9 above and for Music only, the "Additional Warranties" as expressly set forth in Section 5 of the Getty Images Music License Agreement.
This indemnification does not apply to the extent any damages, costs or losses arise out of or are a result of modifications made by you to the content or the context in which the content is used by you.
This indemnification also does not apply to your continued use of content following notice from Getty Images, or upon your knowledge, that the content is subject to a claim of infringement of a third party's right.
The party seeking indemnification must promptly notify in writing the other party about the claim.
The indemnifying party (the one covering the costs) has the right to assume the handling, settlement or defense of any claim or litigation.
The indemnified party (the one not covering the costs) has to cooperate in any way reasonably requested by the indemnifying party.
The indemnifying party will not be liable for legal costs including attorney fees and other costs incurred prior to the other party giving notice of the claim for which indemnity is sought.

Limitation of Liability.
GETTY IMAGES WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR OTHER SIMILAR DAMAGES, COSTS OR LOSSES ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF GETTY IMAGES HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, COSTS OR LOSSES.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT PERMIT THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR LIABILITY.





General Provisions.



Assignment.
This agreement is personal to you and is not assignable by you without Getty Images' prior written consent.
Getty Images may assign this agreement, without notice or consent, to any corporate affiliate or to any successor in interest, provided that such entity agrees to be bound by these terms.

Audit.
Upon reasonable notice, you agree to provide to Getty Images sample copies of projects or end uses that contain licensed content, including by providing Getty Images with free of charge access to any pay-walled or otherwise restricted access website or platform where content is reproduced.
In addition, upon reasonable notice, Getty Images may, at its discretion, either through its own employees or through a third party, audit your records directly related to this agreement and your use of licensed content in order to verify compliance with the terms of this agreement.
If any audit reveals an underpayment by you to Getty Images of five percent (5%) or more of the amount you should have paid, then in addition to paying Getty Images the amount of the underpayment and any other remedies to which Getty Images is entitled, you also agree to reimburse Getty Images for the costs of conducting the audit.

Electronic storage.
You agree to retain the copyright symbol, the name of Getty Images, the content's identification number and any other information or metadata that may be embedded in the electronic file containing the original content, and to maintain appropriate security to protect the content from unauthorized use by third parties.
You may make one (1) copy of the content for back-up purposes.

Governing Law/Arbitration.
This agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of New York, U.S.A., without reference to its laws relating to conflicts of law.
Any disputes arising from or related to this agreement shall be finally settled by binding, confidential arbitration by a single arbitrator selected using the rules and procedures for arbitrator selection under i) if you are in North America: the JAMS' Expedited Procedures in its Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures ("JAMS").
or ii) if you are outside of North America: the International Centre for Dispute Resolution ("ICDR") or JAMS (the applicable rules to be at your discretion), in effect on the date of the commencement of arbitration to be held in one of the following jurisdictions (whichever is closest to you): New York, New York.
London, England.
Paris, France.
Munich, Germany.
Madrid, Spain.
Milan, Italy.
Sydney, Australia.
Tokyo, Japan.
or Singapore.
The arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in English and all documentation shall be presented and filed in English.
The decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on the parties, and judgment may be entered on the arbitration award and enforced by any court of competent jurisdiction.
The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not govern this agreement.
The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its reasonable legal costs including attorney fees relating to that aspect of its claim or defense on which it prevails, and any opposing costs awards shall be offset.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Getty Images shall have the right to commence and prosecute any legal or equitable action or proceeding before any court of competent jurisdiction to obtain injunctive or other relief against you in the event that, in the opinion of Getty Images, such action is necessary or desirable to protect Getty Images' intellectual property rights.
The parties agree that, notwithstanding any otherwise applicable statute(s) of limitation, any arbitration proceeding shall be commenced within two years of the acts, events or occurrences giving rise to the claim.

Severability.
If one or more of the provisions in this agreement is found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions should not be affected.
Such provisions should be revised only to the extent necessary to make them enforceable.

Waiver.
No action of either party, other than express written waiver, may be construed as a waiver of any provision of this agreement.

Entire Agreement.
No terms of conditions of this agreement may be added or deleted unless made in writing and accepted in writing by both parties, or issued electronically by Getty Images and accepted by you.
In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of this agreement and the terms contained on any purchase order sent by you, the terms of this agreement will apply.

Notice.
All notices required to be sent to Getty Images under this agreement should be sent via email to legalnotice@gettyimages.com.
All notices to you will be sent via email to the email set out in your account.

Taxes.
You agree to pay and be responsible for any and all sales taxes, use taxes, value added taxes, withholding taxes, and duties imposed by any jurisdiction as a result of the license granted to you, or of your use of the licensed content.

Interest on Overdue Invoices.
If you fail to pay an invoice in full within the time specified, Getty Images may add a service charge of 1.5% per month, or such lesser amount as is allowed by law, on any unpaid balance until payment is received.

Licensing Entity.
The Getty Images licensing entity under this agreement is determined based on your billing address in accordance with the chart found here.



GETTY IMAGES MUSIC LICENSE AGREEMENT

LAST UPDATED: June 2020

The following are additional terms to your license agreement with Getty Images ("Agreement") that apply to Music and are hereby included as part of the Agreement.
The term "content" in the Content License Agreement, which is part of the Agreement, shall also include "Music".
By downloading Music from Getty Images, you accept the below additional terms and conditions to the Content License Agreement.
All terms defined in the Agreement shall have the same meaning in these additional terms.



What type of license does Getty Images offer for Music content? Getty Images offers Music under a royalty-free licensing model.




How can I use Music? Subject to the rest of the terms of the Agreement, including all restrictions and limitations in these additional music terms, for Music, Getty Images grants you a direct, non-exclusive, Worldwide, and Perpetual right, inclusive of mechanical and performing rights to use, and Synchronize the Music in a Work, and to Copy and Broadcast the Work in Any and All Media, an unlimited number of times.
You can Edit Music, provided that any such change (i) shall not alter the fundamental character of the portion of the Master being used, and (ii) shall not give rise to any ownership rights or claims, including copyright, on your part in or to the resultant edited recording or composition.

ADDITIONAL DEFINITIONS:
 "Music" means sound recordings (the "Masters") and musical compositions, including lyrics, embodied on the Masters (the "Compositions") contained in the Music files that are licensed to you by Getty Images under the Agreement.
Work means the production, program or other project in which the Music has been Synchronized.
Broadcast(er), meaning to cause or permit others (or one that causes or permits others) to cause the performance, telecast, broadcast, transmission, streaming, exhibition or distribution of the Work.
Copy, meaning to duplicate or otherwise make copies of the Work solely for the purpose of Broadcasting the Work.
Synchronize, meaning to couple and/or synchronize, arrange, record, re-record, transcribe, modify or edit the Music solely in timed relation with a permitted use in the Work.
Edit means use by you of less than an entire piece of Music, including the editing, looping, enhancing or modifying of the Master.




Additional Restrictions for Use of Music:


No Standalone Use.
You may not make the Music available, or sell, license or distribute the Work, in a way that is intended to allow or invite a third party to download, extract, redistribute or access the Music as a standalone file or on a standalone basis, including that you may not exploit or otherwise make the Music available as part of a music listening experience, including where Music, on its own or as part of a compilation, is combined with accompanying visual/narrative elements that are of negligible importance (such as still image(s), panning motions or other limited animation/video/audio) or other uses where the Work is tantamount to using the Music on a standalone basis.

No "Electronic Templates".
You may not include the Music in an electronic template intended to be duplicated by third parties, including, without limitation, in a product or service that enables an end user to create soundtracks, in a system that resells products that include the Music, or in any "build-it-yourself" media tools;

No "On Demand" Products.
You may not use or display the Music on websites or in any other medium designed to induce or involving the sale, license or other distribution of "on demand" products (e.g., products in which Music is selected by a third party for customization of such product on a made-to-order basis), including, without limitation, electronic greeting cards, voicemail greetings, ring tones, multi-media albums or presentations, or similar items.

No "Audio Products".
You may not use the Music to manufacture, distribute or sell any product in any format or media now known or hereafter devised, embodying Music alone or only with other music, including without limitation, compact discs (CDs), cassettes, phonograph records and digital transmissions of any kind ("Audio Products")

No Separate Use of Titles, Lyrics or use in Themes.
You may not use any Music as the theme song for a program or other production or to use the title or lyrics of any Music separately from the Music.

No Use in Trademark or Logo.
You shall not incorporate any Music into a logo, trademark or service mark.



Attribution:

Do I need to include a Music credit? If Music is used in an audio/visual production where credits are accorded to other providers of licensed material, credit shall be accorded, where technically feasible, in equal size and comparable placement to such credit(s), substantially in the following form: "[Artist's name] Epidemic Sound via Getty Images", or as otherwise notified by Getty Images.



Additional Warranties: In addition to representations and warranties set forth in the Getty Images Content License Agreement, Getty Images makes the following representations and warranties for Music:

Music was not recorded under the jurisdiction of a union or collective bargaining agreement.
Getty Images has rights in the Music necessary to issue direct licenses to you, inclusive of all performing, mechanical or any other similar rights, and the rights to use Music shall be deemed to include the direct grant to you of the right to Copy and publicly perform the Music solely for the purposes permitted hereunder.
No fees which otherwise could become due and payable as a result of the Copying or public performance of the Music as contemplated by this Agreement shall be due to Getty Images or its content suppliers.

However, please note that these warranties do not prevail over any: (1) charges assessed on you (or a Broadcaster of the Work) pursuant to the terms of a blanket license or other written agreement between you (or such Broadcaster) and any performing, mechanical, or other rights society that collects and administers royalty payments or similar remuneration on behalf of music publishers, writers and performers (a "Collection Society ").
(2) fees to the extent arising from your use of other musical content together with Music.
or (3) fees, levies or other remuneration, the collection of which is exclusively delegated to a Collection Society by local statute, irrespective of the membership of, or any contractual mandate from, any of the writers, composers, performers or other rights holders in the Music.


