

GETTR – Website &amp.
App Privacy Policy

Last Updated: June 30, 2021

Introduction

GETTR USA Inc.
(“GETTR” or “We”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website gettr.com (the “Website”) or any mobile or desktop app we may offer (the “Apps”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect:

On this Website or the Apps
In email, text, and other electronic messages sent by you using this Website or the Apps.
When you interact with our advertising on third-party websites and applications, if the advertising includes links to this policy.

It does not apply to information that is:

collected by or provided to us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by GETTR or any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries).
or
collected by or provided to any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website

Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it.
By accessing or using this Website or our Apps, you agree to this privacy policy.
This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy).
Your continued use of this Website or our Apps after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.

What Information We May Collect


Personal Information You Provide to Us or Our Vendors

You do not have to provide personal information (PI) to access or use the Website or the Apps.
However, to take full advantage of the Website or Apps, you may choose to furnish us with PI through the Website or Apps.
For example, if you contact us through the website “Contact us” form or create an account, you may be asked to provide contact information such as your name or email address.
We will only collect such PI through the Website or Apps when you provide it to us voluntarily.
The PI we collect on or through our Website or App may include:

Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website or in our App.
This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Website or App, creating an account, subscribing to our communications, posting material, contacting us, or requesting further services.
Categories of such voluntarily provided information may include:
identifying information (such as name, e-mail address, mailing address, and photograph)


Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you use the Website or App to contact us or communicate with other users
Your search queries on the Website or App
Other information you choose to provide to use when using the Website or App.

You also may provide information to be published or displayed or otherwise “posted” on public areas of the Website or App, or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively, “User Contributions”).
If you wish to use the App to record video or audio User Contributions, the App may request your permission to access your device’s camera and/or microphone.
Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk.
Although we limit access to certain pages/you may set certain privacy settings for such information by logging into your account profile, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions.
We cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.

Automatically Collected Technical and Usage Data

As you navigate through and interact with our Website or Apps, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:

Details of your visits to our Website or Apps, including traffic data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your computer or device and internet connection, including your operating system and browser type.

The information we collect automatically is only statistical data and does not include PI, but we may maintain it or associate it with PI we collect in other ways or receive from third parties.
It helps us to improve our Website and App and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:

Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Website.

The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:

Cookies (or browser cookies).
A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer.
You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser.
However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website.
Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Web Beacons.
Pages of our the Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit GETTR, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).

We may rely on third-party services such as Google Analytics to help us collect this information.
To learn more about how Google Analytics uses data collected through the Site, visit policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites.
You may be able to opt out of Google Analytics by visiting tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

How We Use Your Personal Information

We may use the PI that we collect about you or that you provide for legitimate business purposes, including:

To provide you with our Website and App, their content, and any other information, products or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To provide you with notices about your account.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Website, Apps, or about any products or services we offer or provide though them.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website and Apps
To verify the identity of account holders.
To resolve disputes or troubleshoot problems.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.

We may use your PI, alone or in combination with other automatically-collected information, for purposes of protecting the security and proper functioning of the Website, fraud detection and prevention, and similar purposes.
We may also use your information to contact you about our own and third-parties’ goods and services that may be of interest to you.
If you do not want us to use your information in this way, you can opt-out of receiving these communications by managing your preferences in your account profile.
For more information, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
We may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers’ target audiences.
Even though we do not disclose your PI for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria

Disclosure of Your Information

We may disclose aggregated information about our users and technical or usage information that does not identify any individual without restriction.
We may disclose PI that we collect or that you provide as described in this privacy policy:

To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business, such as payment processors, who are bound by contractual obligations to keep PI confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which PI held by Us about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For example, if you give us an email address to use the “email a friend” feature of our Website, we will transmit the contents of that email and your email address to the recipients.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our terms of use https://gettr.com/terms and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Us, our customers, or others.
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.


Choices About How We Use Your Information

We strive to provide you with choices regarding the PI you provide to us.
We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent.
If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
If you do not wish to have your email address or contact information used by GETTR to promote our own or third parties’ products or services, you can opt-out by sending us an email stating your request to privacyrights@gettr.com or by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of a promotional email sent to you.

Accessing and Correcting Your Information

You can review and change your PI by logging into the Website and visiting your account profile page.
You may also send us an email at privacyrights@gettr.com to request access to, correct or delete any PI that you have provided to us.
We cannot delete your PI except by also deleting your user account.
We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
If you delete your User Contributions from the Website or App, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other Website users.
Proper access and use of information provided on the Website, including User Contributions, is governed by our terms of use https://gettr.com/terms.

Residents of California: Your Choices

California’s “Shine the Light” law permits residents of California to request a notice disclosing: (1) the categories of PI we have shared with third parties, if any, for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes, during the preceding calendar year, and (2) the names and addresses of those third parties.
We do not share your PI with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes.
To request more information about this, please contact us at privacy@gettr.com.

Residents of Nevada: Your Choices.

If you are a Nevada resident, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of covered data, as defined under the NPICICA.
To submit an opt-out request, contact privacyrights@gettr.com.

Data Security

We have implemented measures designed to secure your PI from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls.
Any payment transactions and PI will be encrypted using SSL technology.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website or Apps, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Website or Apps like message boards.
The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Website or App.
We cannot be responsible for unauthorized access to accounts gained through use of usernames and passwords obtained from the authorized user.
If you suspect that your password has been compromised, you must contact us immediately, and in no event more than twenty-four (24) hours following your discovery of such incident.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.
Although we do our best to protect your PI, we cannot guarantee the security of your PI transmitted through the Website or Apps.
Any transmission of PI is at your own risk.
We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website or Apps.

Transfer of Personal Information to Other Countries

We may transfer the PI we collect about you to recipients in countries other than the country in which you originally provided it, including transferring it outside of the U.S.
These countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you provided the information.
When we transfer your information to recipients in other countries, we will protect that information as described in this Privacy Notice and will comply with applicable legal requirements providing adequate protection for the transfer of PI to recipients in countries other than the one in which you provided the information.

Changes to Our Privacy Policy

It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page with a notice that the privacy policy has been updated on the Website home page.
The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page.
You are responsible for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.

Contact Information

To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at: privacy@gettr.com.

Page PAGE of NUMPAGES

