
        Gfycat Terms Of ServiceLast Modified: May 12, 2020

Welcome to Gfycat!

Gfycat, Inc.
(“Gfycat,” “we,” “us,” “our”) provides its services (described below) to you through its website located at www.gfycat.com (the “Site”) and through its mobile applications and related services (collectively, such services, including any new features and applications, and the Site, the “Service(s)”), subject to the following Terms of Service (as amended from time to time, the “Terms of Service”).
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change or modify portions of these Terms of Service at any time.
If we do this, we will post the changes on this page and will indicate at the top of this page the date these terms were last revised.
We will also notify you, either through the Services user interface, in an email notification or through other reasonable means.
Any such changes will become effective no earlier than fourteen (14) days after they are posted, except that changes addressing new functions of the Services or changes made for legal reasons will be effective immediately.
Your continued use of the Service after the date any such changes become effective constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms of Service.
In addition, when using certain services, you will be subject to any additional terms applicable to such services that may be posted on the Service from time to time, including, without limitation, the Privacy Policy.
All such terms are hereby incorporated by reference into these Terms of Service.

Access and Use of the Service


Service Description: The Service is a platform for creation, discovery and sharing of short silent videos and GIFs.

Your Registration Obligations: You may be required to register with Gfycat in order to access and use certain features of the Service.
If you choose to register for the Service, you agree to provide and maintain true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Service’s registration form.
Registration data and certain other information about you are governed by our Privacy Policy.

Who May Use Gfycat: The Services are not intended for children under the age of 13, and you represent that you are over the age of 13.
If you are over 13, you represent that you have either reached the age of “majority” where you live or have valid parent or legal guardian consent to be bound by these Terms.
If you do not know whether you have reached the age of majority where you live, or do not understand this section, please ask your parent or legal guardian for help and consent before you create an account.
If you are the parent or legal guardian of a minor who creates an account, you and the minor accept and agree to be bound by these Terms and are responsible for all use of the account or Services, including purchases, whether the minor’s account is now open or created later.

Member Account, Password and Security: You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account, if any, and are fully responsible for any and all activities that occur under your password or account.
You agree to (a) immediately notify Gfycat of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session when accessing the Service.
Gfycat will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this Section.

Modifications to Service: Gfycat reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice.
You agree that Gfycat will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.

General Practices Regarding Use and Storage: You acknowledge that Gfycat may establish general practices and limits concerning use of the Service, including without limitation the maximum period of time that data or other content will be retained by the Service and the maximum storage space that will be allotted on Gfycat’s servers on your behalf.
You acknowledge that Gfycat reserves the right to remove content that has not been accessed in 1 year.
You agree that Gfycat has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any data or other content maintained or uploaded by the Service.
You acknowledge that Gfycat reserves the right to terminate accounts that are inactive for an extended period of time.
You further acknowledge that Gfycat reserves the right to change these general practices and limits at any time, in its sole discretion, with or without notice.

Mobile Services: The Service includes certain services that are available via a mobile device, including (i) the ability to upload content to the Service via a mobile device, (ii) the ability to browse the Service and the Site from a mobile device and (iii) the ability to access certain features through an application downloaded and installed on a mobile device (collectively, the “Mobile Services”).
To the extent you access the Service through a mobile device, your wireless service carrier’s standard charges, data rates and other fees may apply.
In addition, downloading, installing, or using certain Mobile Services may be prohibited or restricted by your carrier, and not all Mobile Services may work with all carriers or devices.
By using the Mobile Services, you agree that we may communicate with you regarding Gfycat and other entities by push notification or other electronic means to your mobile device and that certain information about your usage of the Mobile Services may be communicated to us.

Conditions of Use


User Conduct: Your limited license to use the Service is subject to your compliance with these Terms of Service.
You understand that by using the Services, you may be exposed to Content that might be offensive, harmful, inaccurate or otherwise inappropriate, or in some cases, postings that have been mislabeled or are otherwise deceptive.
All Content is the sole responsibility of the person who originated such Content.
We may not monitor or control the Content posted via the Services and, we cannot take responsibility for such Content.
The following are examples of the kind of content and/or use that is illegal or prohibited by Gfycat.
Gfycat reserves the right to investigate and take appropriate legal action against anyone who, in Gfycat’s sole discretion, violates this provision, including without limitation, removing the offending content from the Service, suspending or terminating the account of such violators and reporting you to the law enforcement authorities.
You agree to not use the Service to:

email or otherwise upload any content that (i) infringes any intellectual property or other proprietary rights of any party.
(ii) you do not have a right to upload under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships.
(iii) contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment.
(iv) poses or creates a privacy or security risk to any person.
(v) constitutes unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, commercial activities and/or sales, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” “contests,” “sweepstakes,” or any other form of solicitation.
(vi) contains nudity, sexually explicit conduct and/or pornography.
(vii) is otherwise unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, excessively violent, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable.
or (viii) in the sole judgment of Gfycat, is objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Service, or which may expose Gfycat or its users to any harm or liability of any type;
interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Service;
violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, or any regulations having the force of law;
impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 18;
harvest or collect email addresses or other contact information of other users from the Service by electronic or other means for the purposes of sending unsolicited emails or other unsolicited communications;
advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose that is not specifically authorized;
distribute or copy, in any medium, any content that is obtained through the Service without Gfycat's prior written authorization (other than your User Content (as defined below) that you legally upload to the Service), unless Gfycat makes available the means for such distribution through functionality offered by the Service;
further or promote any criminal activity or enterprise or provide instructional information about illegal activities.
or
obtain or attempt to access or otherwise obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Service.


Special Notice for International Use.
Export Controls: Software (defined below) available in connection with the Service and the transmission of applicable data, if any, is subject to United States export controls.
No Software may be downloaded from the Service or otherwise exported or re-exported in violation of U.S.
export laws.
Downloading or using the Software is at your sole risk.
Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all local rules and laws regarding your use of the Service, including as it concerns online conduct and acceptable content.

Commercial Use: Unless otherwise expressly authorized herein or in the Service, you agree not to display, distribute, license, perform, publish, reproduce, duplicate, copy, create derivative works from, modify, sell, resell, exploit, transfer or upload for any commercial purposes, any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service.
The Service is for your personal use.
Without limitation, you agree not to use the Service for any of the following uses unless you obtain Gfycat's prior written approval: (i) the sale of access to the Service or any Service Content.
(ii) the sale of advertising, sponsorships, or promotions placed on or within the Service or Service Content.
or (iii) the sale of advertising, sponsorships, or promotions on any page of an ad-enabled blog or website containing Content delivered via the Service, unless other material not obtained from Gfycat appears on the same page and is the basis for such sales.
You agree not to collect or harvest any personally identifiable information, including account names, from the Service, nor to use the communication systems provided by the Service (e.g., comments, email) for any commercial solicitation purposes.
You agree not to solicit, for commercial purposes, any users of the Service with respect to their User Content (as defined below).

Gfycat Pro and Payment Information

There are no fees for use of many aspects of the Services.
However, premium features, including Gfycat Pro, which may be available for purchase on certain of our Services.
In addition to these terms, by purchasing or using Gfycat Pro, you further agree to the Gfycat Pro Agreement.
Gfycat may change the fees or benefits associated with the pro features from time to time with reasonable advance notice.
provided, however, that no advance notice will be required for temporary promotions, including temporary reductions in the fees associated with the premium features.
You may submit your debit card, credit card, or other payment information ("Payment Information") via our Services to purchase premium features or other paid products or services.
We use third-party service providers to process your Payment Information.
If you submit your Payment Information, you agree to pay all costs that you incur, and you give us permission to charge you when payment is due for an amount that includes these costs and any applicable taxes and fees.
Gfycat does not retain or save any credit card information.
Storage and processing of credit card information is all processed directly via PayPal.

Apple-Enabled Software Applications

Gfycat offers Software applications that are intended to be operated in connection with products made commercially available by Apple Inc.
(“Apple”), among other platforms.
With respect to Software that is made available for your use in connection with an Apple-branded product (such Software, “Apple-Enabled Software”), in addition to the other terms and conditions set forth in these Terms of Service, the following terms and conditions apply:

Gfycat and you acknowledge that these Terms of Service are concluded between Gfycat and you only, and not with Apple, and that as between Gfycat and Apple, Gfycat, not Apple, is solely responsible for the Apple-Enabled Software and the content thereof.
You may not use the Apple-Enabled Software in any manner that is in violation of or inconsistent with the Usage Rules set forth for Apple-Enabled Software in, or otherwise be in conflict with, the App Store Terms of Service.
Your license to use the Apple-Enabled Software is limited to a non-transferable license to use the Apple-Enabled Software on an iOS Product that you own or control, as permitted by the Usage Rules set forth in the App Store Terms of Service.
Apple has no obligation whatsoever to provide any maintenance or support services with respect to the Apple-Enabled Software.
Apple is not responsible for any product warranties, whether express or implied by law.
In the event of any failure of the Apple-Enabled Software to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price for the Apple-Enabled Software to you, if any.
and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Apple-Enabled Software, or any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty, which will be Gfycat’s sole responsibility, to the extent it cannot be disclaimed under applicable law.
Gfycat and you acknowledge that Gfycat, not Apple, is responsible for addressing any claims of you or any third party relating to the Apple-Enabled Software or your possession and/or use of that Apple-Enabled Software, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims.
(ii) any claim that the Apple-Enabled Software fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement.
and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.
In the event of any third party claim that the Apple-Enabled Software or the end-user’s possession and use of that Apple-Enabled Software infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, as between Gfycat and Apple, Gfycat, not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim.
You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S.
Government as a “terrorist supporting” country.
and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S.
Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
If you have any questions, complaints or claims with respect to the Apple-Enabled Software, they should be directed to Gfycat as follows:

Email address: contact at gfycat dot com
Mailing address: 943 Howard Street, San Francisco, CA 94103
Gfycat and you acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of these Terms of Service with respect to the Apple-Enabled Software, and that, upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of these Terms of Service, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms of Service against you with respect to the Apple-Enabled Software as a third party beneficiary thereof.

Intellectual Property Rights


Service Content, Software and Trademarks: You acknowledge and agree that the Service contains content or features (“Service Content”) that are protected by copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights and laws.
If you are blocked by Gfycat from accessing the Service (including by blocking your IP address), you agree not to implement any measures to circumvent such blocking (e.g., by masking your IP address or using a proxy IP address).
Any use of the Service or the Service Content other than as specifically authorized herein is strictly prohibited.
The technology and software underlying the Service or distributed in connection therewith are the property of Gfycat, our affiliates and our partners (the “Software”).
You agree not to copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign, sublicense, or otherwise transfer any right in the Software.
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by Gfycat.
The Gfycat name and logos are trademarks and service marks of Gfycat (collectively the “Gfycat Trademarks”).
Other company, product, and service names and logos used and displayed via the Service may be trademarks or service marks of their respective owners who may or may not endorse or be affiliated with or connected to Gfycat.
Nothing in this Terms of Service or the Service should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any of Gfycat Trademarks displayed on the Service, without our prior written permission in each instance.
All goodwill generated from the use of Gfycat Trademarks will inure to our exclusive benefit.

Third Party Material: Under no circumstances will Gfycat be liable in any way for any content or materials of any third parties (including users), including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in any content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any such content.
You acknowledge that Gfycat does not pre-screen content, but that Gfycat and its designees will have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to refuse or remove any content that is available via the Service.
Without limiting the foregoing, Gfycat and its designees will have the right to remove any content that violates these Terms of Service or is deemed by Gfycat, in its sole discretion, to be otherwise objectionable.
You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such content.

User Content Transmitted Through the Service: With respect to the content or other materials you upload through the Service or share with other users or recipients (collectively, “User Content”), you represent and warrant that you own all right, title and interest in and to such User Content, including, without limitation, all copyrights and rights of publicity contained therein.
By uploading any User Content you hereby grant and will grant Gfycat and its affiliated companies a nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty free, fully paid up, transferable, sublicensable, perpetual, irrevocable license to copy, display, upload, perform, distribute, store, modify and otherwise use your User Content in connection with the operation of the Service or the promotion, advertising or marketing thereof in any form, medium or technology now known or later developed.
You acknowledge and agree that any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, feedback or other information about the Service (“Submissions”), provided by you to Gfycat are non-confidential and Gfycat will be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these Submissions for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you.
You acknowledge and agree that Gfycat may preserve content and may also disclose content if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process, applicable laws or government requests.
(b) enforce these Terms of Service.
(c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties.
or (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Gfycat, its users and the public.
You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Service, including your content, may involve (a) transmissions over various networks.
and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.

DMCA Policy. Gfycat respects copyright law and expects its users to do the same.
It is Gfycat’s policy to terminate in appropriate circumstances account holders who repeatedly infringe or are believed to be repeatedly infringing the rights of copyright holders.
Please see Gfycat’s DMCA Policy here for further information.

Access to the Service/Limitations: Except as expressly authorized by Gfycat in writing, you agree not to modify, copy, frame, scrape, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the Service and/or the Service Content, in whole or in part, except that the foregoing does not apply to your own User Content that you legally upload to the Service.
You agree not to access the Service and/or the Service Content through any technology or means other than your personal use of the pages of the Service itself through your personal computer device using a conventional on-line web browser.
In connection with your use of the Service, you will not engage in or use any data mining, robots, scraping or similar data gathering or extraction methods.
You agree not to use or launch any automated system, including without limitation, "robots," "spiders," or "offline readers," that access the Service or the Service Content.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Gfycat grants the operators of public search engines (that are in the business of generic Internet search and not, without limitation, for purposes of developing a competing GIFs platform) permission to use spiders to copy materials from the site for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials.
Gfycat reserves the right to revoke these exceptions either generally or in specific cases.

Third Party Websites

The Service may provide, or third parties may provide, links or other access to other sites and resources on the Internet.
Gfycat has no control over such sites and resources and Gfycat is not responsible for and does not endorse such sites and resources.
You further acknowledge and agree that Gfycat will not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any content, events, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.
Any dealings you have with third parties found while using the Service are between you and the third party, and you agree that Gfycat is not liable for any loss or claim that you may have against any such third party.

Social Networking Services

You may enable or log in to the Service via various online third party services, such as social media and social networking services like Facebook or Twitter (“Social Networking Services”).
By logging in or directly integrating these Social Networking Services into the Service, we make your online experiences richer and more personalized.
To take advantage of this feature and capabilities, we may ask you to authenticate, register for or log into Social Networking Services on the websites of their respective providers.
As part of such integration, the Social Networking Services will provide us with access to certain information that you have provided to such Social Networking Services, and we will use, store and disclose such information in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
For more information about the implications of activating these Social Networking Services and Gfycat’s use, storage and disclosure of information related to you and your use of such services within Gfycat (including your friend lists and the like), please see our Privacy Policy at https://www.gfycat.com/privacy.
However, please remember that the manner in which Social Networking Services use, store and disclose your information is governed solely by the policies of such third parties, and Gfycat shall have no liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of any third party site or service that may be enabled within the Service.
In addition, Gfycat is not responsible for the accuracy, availability or reliability of any information, content, goods, data, opinions, advice or statements made available in connection with Social Networking Services.
As such, Gfycat is not liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such Social Networking Services.
Gfycat enables these features merely as a convenience and the integration or inclusion of such features does not imply an endorsement or recommendation.

Indemnity and Release

You agree to release, indemnify and hold Gfycat and its affiliates and their officers, employees, directors and agents harmless from any from any and all losses, damages, expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, rights, claims, actions of any kind and injury (including death) arising out of or relating to your use of the Service, any User Content, your connection to the Service, your violation of these Terms of Service or your violation of any rights of another.
If you are a California resident, you waive California Civil Code Section 1542, which says: “A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor.” If you are a resident of another jurisdiction, you waive any comparable statute or doctrine.
Disclaimer of Warranties
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS.
GFYCAT EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
GFYCAT MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT (I) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (II) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, (III) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, OR (IV) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS.

Limitation of Liability

YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT GFYCAT WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF GFYCAT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, RESULTING FROM: (I) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE.
(II) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE.
(III) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA.
(IV) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICE.
OR (V) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE.
IN NO EVENT WILL GFYCAT’S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR CAUSES OF ACTION EXCEED THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID GFYCAT IN THE LAST SIX (6) MONTHS, OR, IF GREATER, ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100).
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THE SERVICE OR WITH THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USE OF THE SERVICE.
Dispute Resolution By Binding Arbitration (PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY AS IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS.)

Agreement to Arbitrate

This Section entitled “Dispute Resolution by Binding Arbitration” is referred to in these Terms of Service as the “Arbitration Agreement.” You agree that any and all disputes or claims that have arisen or may arise between you and Gfycat, whether relating to these Terms of Service (including any alleged breach thereof), the Services, any advertising, any aspect of the relationship between us, or otherwise, shall be resolved exclusively through final and binding arbitration, rather than a court in accordance with the terms of this Arbitration Agreement, except that you may assert individual claims in small claims court, if your claims qualify.
Further, this Arbitration Agreement does not preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies, and such agencies can, if the law allows, seek relief against us on your behalf.
You agree that, by entering into this Terms of Service, you and Gfycat are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action.
Your rights will be determined by a neutral arbitrator, not a judge or jury.
The Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Arbitration Agreement.

Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions and Non-Individualized Relief

YOU AND GFYCAT AGREE THAT EACH OF US MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING.
UNLESS BOTH YOU AND GFYCAT AGREE OTHERWISE, THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE OR JOIN MORE THAN ONE PERSON’S OR PARTY’S CLAIMS AND MAY NOT OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF A CONSOLIDATED, REPRESENTATIVE, OR CLASS PROCEEDING.
ALSO, THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD RELIEF (INCLUDING MONETARY, INJUNCTIVE, AND DECLARATORY RELIEF) ONLY IN FAVOR OF THE INDIVIDUAL PARTY SEEKING RELIEF AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO PROVIDE RELIEF NECESSITATED BY THAT PARTY’S INDIVIDUAL CLAIM(S).

Pre-Arbitration Dispute Resolution

Gfycat is always interested in resolving disputes amicably and efficiently, and most customer concerns can be resolved quickly and to the customer’s satisfaction by emailing customer support at (contact at gfycat dot com.
If such efforts prove unsuccessful, a party who intends to seek arbitration must first send to the other, by certified mail, a written Notice of Dispute (“Notice”).
The Notice to Gfycat should be sent to [943 Howard Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, Attn: Legal] (“Notice Address”).
The Notice must (a) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute and (b) set forth the specific relief sought.
If Gfycat and you do not resolve the claim within sixty (60) calendar days after the Notice is received, you or Gfycat may commence an arbitration proceeding.
During the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by Gfycat or you shall not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator determines the amount, if any, to which you or Gfycat is entitled.

Arbitration Procedures

Arbitration will be conducted by a neutral arbitrator in accordance with the American Arbitration Association’s (“AAA”) rules and procedures, including the AAA’s Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes (collectively, the “AAA Rules”), as modified by this Arbitration Agreement.
For information on the AAA, please visit its website, http://www.adr.org.
Information about the AAA Rules and fees for consumer disputes can be found at the AAA’s consumer arbitration page, http://www.adr.org/consumer_arbitration.
If there is any inconsistency between the AAA Rules and this Arbitration Agreement, the terms of this Arbitration Agreement will control unless the arbitrator determines that the application of the inconsistent Arbitration Agreement terms would not result in a fundamentally fair arbitration.
The arbitrator must also follow the provisions of these Terms of Service as a court would.
All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, including, but not limited to, issues relating to the scope, enforceability, and arbitrability of this Arbitration Agreement.
Although arbitration proceedings are usually simpler and more streamlined than trials and other judicial proceedings, the arbitrator can award the same damages and relief on an individual basis that a court can award to an individual under the Terms of Service and applicable law.
Decisions by the arbitrator are enforceable in court and may be overturned by a court only for very limited reasons.
Unless Gfycat and you agree otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in a reasonably convenient location for both parties with due consideration of their ability to travel and other pertinent circumstances.
If the parties are unable to agree on a location, the determination shall be made by AAA.
If your claim is for $10,000 or less, Gfycat agrees that you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, through a telephonic hearing, or by an in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules.
If your claim exceeds $10,000, the right to a hearing will be determined by the AAA Rules.
Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based.
Costs of Arbitration
Payment of all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees (collectively, the “Arbitration Fees”) will be governed by the AAA Rules, unless otherwise provided in this Arbitration Agreement.
If the value of the relief sought is $75,000 or less, at your request, Gfycat will pay all Arbitration Fees.
If the value of relief sought is more than $75,000 and you are able to demonstrate to the arbitrator that you are economically unable to pay your portion of the Arbitration Fees or if the arbitrator otherwise determines for any reason that you should not be required to pay your portion of the Arbitration Fees, Gfycat will pay your portion of such fees.
In addition, if you demonstrate to the arbitrator that the costs of arbitration will be prohibitive as compared to the costs of litigation, Gfycat will pay as much of the Arbitration Fees as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive.
Finally, if the value of the relief sought is $75,000 or less, Gfycat will pay reasonable attorneys’ fees should you prevail.
Gfycat will not seek attorneys’ fees from you.
But, if you initiate an arbitration in which you seek more than $75,000 in relief, the payment of attorneys’ fees will be governed by the AAA Rules.

Confidentiality

All aspects of the arbitration proceeding, and any ruling, decision, or award by the arbitrator, will be strictly confidential for the benefit of all parties.

Severability

If a court decides that any term or provision of this Arbitration Agreement other than the section entitled “Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions and Non-Individualized Relief” above is invalid or unenforceable, the parties agree to replace such term or provision with a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision, and this Arbitration Agreement shall be enforceable as so modified.
If a court decides that any of the provisions of the section entitled “Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions and Non-Individualized Relief” above is invalid or unenforceable, then the entirety of this Arbitration Agreement shall be null and void.
The remainder of the Terms of Service will continue to apply.

Future Changes to Arbitration Agreement

Notwithstanding any provision in this Terms of Service to the contrary, Gfycat agrees that if it makes any future change to this Arbitration Agreement (other than a change to the Notice Address) while you are a user of the Services, you may reject any such change by sending Gfycat written notice within thirty (30) calendar days of the change to the Notice Address provided above.
By rejecting any future change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any dispute between us in accordance with the language of this Arbitration Agreement.

Termination

You agree that Gfycat, in its sole discretion, may suspend or terminate your account (or any part thereof) or use of the Service and remove and discard any content within the Service, for any reason, including, without limitation, for lack of use or if Gfycat believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of these Terms of Service.
Any suspected fraudulent, abusive or illegal activity that may be grounds for termination of your use of Service, may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities.
Gfycat may also in its sole discretion and at any time discontinue providing the Service, or any part thereof, with or without notice.
You agree that any termination of your access to the Service under any provision of this Terms of Service may be effected without prior notice, and acknowledge and agree that Gfycat may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all related information and files in your account and/or bar any further access to such files or the Service.
Further, you agree that Gfycat will not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your access to the Service.

User Disputes

You agree that you are solely responsible for your interactions with any other user in connection with the Service and Gfycat will have no liability or responsibility with respect thereto.
Gfycat reserves the right, but has no obligation, to become involved in any way with disputes between you and any other user of the Service.

General

These Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement between you and Gfycat and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior agreements between you and Gfycat with respect to the Service.
You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use affiliate or third party services, third party content or third party software.
These Terms of Service will be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
With respect to any disputes or claims not subject to arbitration, as set forth above, you and Gfycat agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within Santa Clara County, California.
The failure of Gfycat to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
If any provision of these Terms of Service is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of these Terms of Service remain in full force and effect.
You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Service or these Terms of Service must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form will be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
You may not assign this Terms of Service without the prior written consent of Gfycat, but Gfycat may assign or transfer this Terms of Service, in whole or in part, without restriction.
The section titles in these Terms of Service are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
Notices to you may be made via either email or regular mail.
The Service may also provide notices to you of changes to these Terms of Service or other matters by displaying notices or links to notices generally on the Service.

Your Privacy

At Gfycat, we respect the privacy of our users.
For details please see our Privacy Policy.
By using the Service, you consent to our collection and use of personal data as outlined therein.

Questions? Concerns? Suggestions?

Please contact us at
contact at gfycat.com
to report any violations of these Terms of Service or to pose any questions regarding this Terms of Service or the Service.


