
        Gfycat Privacy PolicyLast Modified: May 12, 2020
1.
Purpose
Gfycat was founded to upgrade the GIF viewing experience.
Our Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) provides information about our company and our GIF and video platform services, mobile applications and related services.
This Privacy Policy applies to the websites that we operate, including, but not limited to, gfycat.com (each, a “Site” or collectively, “Sites”).
This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into the Gfycat Terms of Service (the “Terms”).
The terms “Gfycat,” “we,” and “us” include Gfycat and our affiliates and subsidiaries.
This Privacy Policy explains our online and offline information practices, the kinds of information we may collect, how we use and share that information, and how you can exercise the privacy rights available to you.
All other terms not defined in Section 13 or otherwise herein will have the meanings set forth in the Terms.
2.
Scope
This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Information that is Processed by us in the course of our business, including on our Sites, mobile applications, forums, blogs, and other online or offline offerings (together with any and all future online and offline offerings operated by or on behalf of Gfycat, the “Services”).
All individuals whose responsibilities include the Processing of Personal Information on behalf of Gfycat are expected to protect that data by adherence to this Privacy Policy.
When you interact with us through the Services, we may collect Personal Information and other information from you, as further described below.
We collect Personal Information from you when you voluntarily provide such information, such as when you contact us with inquiries, respond to one of our surveys, register for access to the Services or use certain Services.
The ways that we use and share this Personal Information are described in Sections 3 and 4 respectively.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any Personal Information collected by Gfycat other than Personal Information collected through the Services.
3.
Transparency/Notice—Types of Personal Information We Collect and How We Use It
Gfycat uses the Personal Information you provide in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
If you provide Personal Information for a certain reason, we may use the Personal Information in connection with the reason for which it was provided.
For instance, if you contact us by email, we will use the Personal Information you provide to answer your question or resolve your problem.
Also, if you provide Personal Information in order to obtain access to the Services, we will use your Personal Information to provide you with access to such Services and to monitor your use of such Services.
Gfycat may also use your Personal Information and other personally non-identifiable information collected through the Services to help us improve the content and functionality of the Services, to better understand our users and to improve the Services.
Gfycat may use this information to contact you in the future to tell you about aspects of the Services we believe will be of interest to you.
If we do so, each marketing communication we send you will contain instructions permitting you to "opt out" of receiving future marketing communications.
In addition, if at any time you wish not to receive any future marketing communications or you wish to have your name deleted from our mailing lists, please contact us as indicated below.
If Gfycat intends on using any Personal Information in any manner that is not consistent with this Privacy Policy, you will be informed of such anticipated use prior to or at the time at which the Personal Information is collected.

You may provide Personal Information directly to Gfycat through interacting with the Services, participating in surveys, during events such as sweepstakes, and requesting Services, or information.
As you navigate the Services, certain passive information may also be collected about your visit, including through cookies and similar technologies as described below.

Gfycat is not in the business of selling your information.
We consider this information to be a vital part of our relationship with you.
There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may share your Personal Information with certain Third-Parties without further notice to you in order to run our business, as set forth below.
We endeavor to collect only that information which is relevant for the purposes of Processing.
Below are the ways we collect Personal Information and how we use it.
3.1
Types of Personal Information We Collect
Gfycat collects Personal Information regarding its current, prospective, and former clients, customers, users, visitors, and guests (collectively “Individuals”).
(i)
Information You Provide Directly to Us.
When you use the Services or engage in certain activities, such as registering for an account with Gfycat, responding to surveys, requesting Services or information, or contacting us directly, we may ask you to provide some or all of the following types of information:


Account Creation. To create an account, we collect your username, password, and email address.
If you sign up for Gfycat Pro, our processors will also collect your payment information.

Communications with Us. We may collect Personal Information from you such as email address, phone number or mailing address when you choose to request information about our Services, register for Gfycat’s newsletter or a loyalty program that we may offer from time to time, request to receive customer or technical support, or otherwise communicate with us.

Surveys. From time to time, we may contact you to participate in online surveys.
If you do decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information which may include Personal Information.
All information collected from your participation in our surveys is provided by you voluntarily.
We may use such information to improve our products, Sites and/or Services and in any manner consistent with the policies provided herein.

Posting on the Site. Gfycat may offer publicly accessible fun pages, blogs, private messages, or community forums.
You should be aware that, when you submit your content or disclose information about yourself in on Gfycat’s fun pages, blogs, private messages, and community forums, the Site will collect the information you provide in such submissions, including any Personal Information.
If you choose to submit content to any public area of the Site, such content will be considered “public” and will not be subject to the privacy protections set forth herein.

Registration for Sweepstakes or Contests. Occasionally, Gfycat may run sweepstakes and contests.
We ask those who enter in the sweepstakes or contests to provide contact information (e.g., an e-mail address).
If you participate in a sweepstakes or contest, your contact information may be used to reach you about the sweepstakes or contest, and for other promotional, marketing and business purposes, if permitted by law.
In some jurisdictions, we are required to publicly share information of winners.
All sweepstakes/contests entry forms will provide a way for participants to opt out of any communications that are not related to awarding prizes.

(ii)
Information Collected Automatically or From Others.


Automatic Data Collection. We may collect certain information automatically through our Services or other methods of web analysis, such as your Internet protocol (IP) address, cookie identifiers, mobile carrier, mobile advertising identifiers, MAC address, IMEI, Advertiser ID, and other device identifiers that are automatically assigned to your computer or device when you access the Internet, browser type and language, geo-location information, hardware type, operating system, Internet service provider, pages that you visit before and after using the Services, the date and time of your visit, the amount of time you spend on each page, information about the links you click and pages you view within the Services, and other actions taken through use of the Services such as preferences.

In addition, we may automatically collect data regarding your use of our Services, such as the types of content you interact with and the frequency and duration of your activities.
We may combine your information with information that other people provide when they use our Services.


Information from Other Sources. One of the special features of the Services is that it allows you to enable or log in to the Services via various social networking services like Facebook or Twitter (“Social Networking Service(s)”).
By directly integrating these services, we make your online experiences richer and more personalized.
To take advantage of this feature, we will ask you to log into or grant us permission via the relevant Social Networking Service.
When you add a Social Networking Services account to the Service or log into the Service using your Social Networking Services account, we will collect relevant information necessary that you have made public via your Social Networking Service’s Privacy settings to enable the Service to access that Social Networking Service and your data contained within that Social Networking Service.
As part of such integration, the Social Networking Service will provide us with access to certain information that you have provided to the Social Networking Service, and we will use, store and disclose such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
However, please remember that the manner in which Social Networking Services use, store and disclose your information is governed by the policies of such Third-Parties, and Gfycat shall have no liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of any Social Networking Services that may be enabled within the Service.

3.2
How Gfycat Uses Your Information
We acquire, hold, use, and Process Personal Information about Individuals for a variety of business purposes, including:


To Provide Products, Services, or Information Requested. Gfycat may use information about you to fulfill requests for products, Services, or information, including information about potential or future Services, including to:

Generally manage Individual information and accounts.
Respond to questions, comments, and other requests.
Provide access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of Gfycat’s Services.
Contact you to answer requests for customer support or technical support.
Verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device.
Allow you to register for events.


Administrative Purposes. Gfycat may use Personal Information about you for its administrative purposes, including to:

Measure interest in Gfycat’s Services.
Develop new products and Services.
Ensure internal quality control.
Verify Individual identity.
Allow you to register for events.
Communicate about Individual accounts and activities on Gfycat’s Services and systems, and, in Gfycat’s discretion, changes to any Gfycat policy;
Send email to the email address you provide to us to verify your Account and for informational and operational purposes, such as account management, customer service, or system maintenance.
Process payment for products or Services purchased.
Process applications and transactions.
Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities.
Enforce our Terms.


Marketing Gfycat Products and Services. Gfycat may use Personal Information to provide you with materials about offers, products, and Services that may be of interest, including new content or Services.
Gfycat may provide you with these materials by phone, postal mail, facsimile, or email, as permitted by applicable law.
Such uses include:

To tailor content, advertisements, and offers.
To notify you about offers, products, and Services that may be of interest to you.
Auditing relating to interactions, transactions and other compliance activities.
For other purposes disclosed at the time that Individuals provide Personal Information.
or
Otherwise with your consent.


You may contact us at any time to opt out of the use of your Personal Information for marketing purposes, as further described in Section 6 below.

When you interact with Gfycat through the Services, we receive and store certain additional information that we do not use to identify you (e.g., IP address or mobile ID).
Gfycat may store such information itself or such information may be included in databases owned and maintained by Gfycat affiliates, agents or service providers.
The Services may use such information and pool it with other information to track, for example, the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site, and the domain names of our visitors' Internet service providers.

Research and Development. Gfycat may use Personal Information to create de-identified information that we may use alone or in the aggregate with information obtained from other sources, in order to help us to optimally deliver our existing products and Services or develop new products and Services.
From time to time, Gfycat may perform research (online and offline) via surveys.
We may engage Third-Party service providers to conduct such surveys on our behalf.
All survey responses are voluntary, and the information collected will be used for research and reporting purposes to help us better serve Individuals by learning more about their needs and the quality of the products and services we provide.
The survey responses may be utilized to determine the effectiveness of our Services, various types of communications, advertising campaigns, and/or promotional activities.
If an Individual participates in a survey, the information given will be used along with that of other study participants.
We may share anonymous Individual and aggregate data for research and analysis purposes.

Direct Mail, Email and Outbound Telemarketing. Individuals who provide us with Personal Information, or whose Personal Information we obtain from Third-Parties, may receive periodic emails, newsletters, mailings, or phone calls from us with information on Gfycat’s or our business partners’ products and services or upcoming special offers/events we believe may be of interest.
We offer the option to decline these communications at no cost to the Individual by following the instructions in Section 6 below.

Services via Mobile Devices. From time to time, Gfycat may provide Services that are specifically designed to be compatible and used on mobile devices.
Gfycat will collect certain information that your mobile device sends when you use such Services, like a device identifier, user settings, location information, mobile carrier, and the operating system of your device.
Mobile versions of Gfycat’s Services may require that users log in with an account.
In such cases, information about use of mobile versions of the Services may be associated with accounts.
In addition, Gfycat may enable Individuals to download an application, widget, or other tool that can be used on mobile or other computing devices.
Some of these tools may store information on mobile or other devices.
These tools may transmit Personal Information to Gfycat to enable Individuals to access accounts and to enable Gfycat to track use of these tools.
Some of these tools may enable users to email reports and other information from the tool.
Gfycat may use personal or non-identifiable information transmitted to Gfycat to enhance these tools, to develop new tools, for quality improvement and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy or in other notices Gfycat provides.

De-Identified and Aggregated Information Use. In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of the Services, Gfycat often conducts research on its customer demographics, interests and behavior based on the Personal Information and other information provided to us.
This research may be compiled and analyzed on a de-identified or aggregate basis, and Gfycat may share this data with its affiliates, agents and business partners.
Gfycat may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.

Sharing Content with Friends or Colleagues. Gfycat’s Services may offer various tools and functionalities.
For example, Gfycat allows you to provide information about your friends through our referral services, such as “Tell a Friend.” Our referral services may allow you to forward or share certain content with a friend or colleague, such as an email inviting your friend to use our Services.
Email addresses that you may provide for a friend or colleague will be used to send your friend or colleague the content or link you request, but will not be collected or otherwise used by Gfycat or any other Third Parties for any other purpose.

Other Uses. Gfycat may use Personal Information for which we have a legitimate interest, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, anti-fraud protection, or any other purpose disclosed to you at the time you provide Personal Information or with your consent.

3.3
Cookies, Pixel Tags/Web Beacons, Analytics Information, and Interest-Based Advertising
We, as well as Third-Parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on our Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies (“Technologies”) to automatically collect information through the Services.
We use Technologies that are essentially small data files placed on your computer, tablet, mobile phone, or other devices (referred to collectively as a "device") that allow us to record certain pieces of information whenever you visit or interact with our Site, Services, applications, messaging, and tools, and to recognize you across devices.


Cookies. Cookies are small text files placed in visitors’ computer browsers to store their preferences.
Most browsers allow you to block and delete cookies.
However, if you do that, the Site may not work properly.

Pixel Tags/Web Beacons. A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded on the Site that collects information about users’ engagement on that web page.
The use of a pixel allows us to record, for example, that a user has visited a particular web page or clicked on a particular advertisement.

Social Media Widgets. Our Website includes social media features.
These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
These social media features are either hosted by a Third-Party or hosted directly on our Site.
Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.

Analytics. We may allow Third-Party service providers to use cookies or similar technologies to collect information about your browsing activities over time and across different websites following your use of the Services.
For example, we use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.
(“Google”).
Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how users use the Site and enhance your experience when you use the Service.
For more information on how Google uses this data, go to www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
You can opt out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Services by going to http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

Our uses of such Technologies fall into the following general categories:


Operationally Necessary. We may use cookies, web beacons, or other similar technologies that are necessary to the operation of our Site, Services, applications, and tools.
This includes technologies that allow you access to our Site, Services, applications, and tools.
that are required to identify irregular site behavior, prevent fraudulent activity and improve security.
or that allow you to make use of our functions such as shopping-carts, saved search, or similar functions.

Performance Related. We may use cookies, web beacons, or other similar technologies to assess the performance of our Site, applications, Services, and tools, including as part of our analytic practices to help us understand how our visitors use our Site, determine if you have interacted with our messaging, determine whether you have viewed an item or link, or to improve our Site content, applications, Services, or tools.

Functionality Related. We may use cookies, web beacons, or other similar technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our Site, Services, applications, or tools.
This may include identifying you when you sign into our Site or keeping track of your specified preferences, interests, or past items viewed so that we may enhance the presentation of content on our Site.

Advertising or Targeting Related. We may use first-party or Third-Party cookies and web beacons to deliver content, including ads relevant to your interests, on our Site or on Third-Party sites.
This includes using technologies to understand the usefulness to you of the advertisements and content that has been delivered to you, such as whether you have clicked on an advertisement.

If you would like to opt out of the Technologies we employ on our Site, Services, applications, or tools, you may do so by blocking, deleting, or disabling them as your browser or device permits.
3.4
Third-Party Websites And Social Media Platforms
The Site may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to our Site or other Services.
These other domains and websites are not controlled by us, and Gfycat does not endorse or make any representations about Third-Party websites or social media platforms.
We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application with which they interact.
We do not endorse, screen or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications.
Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.
You may also have the option of posting your Services activities to Social Networking Services when you access content through the Services (for example, you may post to Facebook that you performed an activity on the Service).
you acknowledge that if you choose to use this feature, your friends, followers and subscribers on any Social Networking Services you have enabled will be able to view such activity.
Gfycat’s Services may include publicly accessible blogs, community forums, or private messaging features.
The Site and our other Services may also contain links and interactive features with various social media platforms (e.g., widgets).
If you already use these platforms, their cookies may be set on your device when using our Site or other Services.
You should be aware that Personal Information which you voluntarily include and transmit online in a publicly accessible blog, chat room, social media platform or otherwise online, or that you share in an open forum may be viewed and used by others without any restrictions.
We are unable to control such uses of your information when interacting with a social media platform, and by using such services you assume the risk that the Personal Information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties for any number of purposes.
Your interactions with these features apart from your visit to our site are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
We may use third party application program interfaces (“APIs”) and software development kits (“SDKs”) as part of the functionality of our Services.
APIs and SDKs may allow third parties including analytics and advertising partners to collect your personal information for various purposes including to provide analytics services and content that is more relevant to you.
For more information about our use of APIs and SDKs, please contact us as set forth below.
4.
Onward Transfer to Third Parties
4.1
Information We Share
We do not disclose your personal information, except as provided below.

Data shared. A list of the categories of personal information we have disclosed about consumers for a business purpose in the past 12 months is included at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Note: Gfycat does not “sell” personal information as most people would typically understand that term.
However, we do allow certain third-party advertising partners to set tracking tools (e.g., cookies) to collect information regarding your activities (e.g., your IP address, page(s) visited, time of day).
We may also share de-identified information, as well as selected Personal Information (such as demographic information and past purchase history) we have collected with Third-Party advertising partners.
Our advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other websites) to deliver targeted advertisements to you when you visit non-Gfycat related websites within their networks.
This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “online behavioral advertising.” We may allow access to other data collected by the Site to facilitate transmittal of information that may be useful, relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest to you.
To the extent this practice is interpreted to constitute a “sale” under the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA), please see “Your Privacy Rights” below for more information on how to opt out.


We Use Vendors and Service Providers. We may share any information we receive with vendors and service providers.
The types of service providers to whom we entrust Personal Information include service providers for: (i) provision of IT and related services.
(ii) provision of information and Services you have requested.
iii) customer service activities.
and (iv) in connection with the provision of the Site.
Gfycat endeavors to execute appropriate contracts with the service providers that prohibit them from using or sharing Personal Information except as necessary to perform the contracted services on our behalf or to comply with applicable legal requirements.

Business Partners. Gfycat may share Personal Information with our business partners, and affiliates for our and our affiliates’ internal business purposes or to provide you with a product or Services that you have requested.
Gfycat may also provide Personal Information to business partners with whom we may jointly offer products or services, or whose products or services we believe may be of interest to you.
In such cases, our business partner’s name will appear, along with Gfycat.
Gfycat endeavors to require our affiliates and business partners to agree in writing to maintain the confidentiality and security of Personal Information they maintain on our behalf and not to use it for any purpose other than the purpose for which Gfycat provided them.

Displaying to Other Users. The content you post to the Site may be displayed on the Site.
Other users of the Site may be able to see some information about you, such as your name if you submit a review.
We are not responsible for privacy practices of the other users who will view and use the posted information.


Disclosures to Protect Us or Others (e.g., as Required by Law and Similar Disclosures).We may access, preserve, and disclose your Personal Information, other account information, and content if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (i) comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena.
(ii) respond to your requests.
(iii) protect yours’, ours’ or others’ rights, property, or safety.
(iv) to enforce Gfycat policies or contracts.
(v) to collect amounts owed to Gfycat.
(vi) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity.
or (vii) if we, in good faith, believe that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable.

Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction as permitted by law and/or contract.
In such event, Gfycat will endeavor to direct the transferee to use Personal Information in a manner that is consistent with the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such Personal Information was collected.


4.2
International Data Transfers
You agree that all Personal Information collected via or by Gfycat may be transferred, Processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the United States, the European Union, in the cloud, on our servers, on the servers of our affiliates or the servers of our service providers.
Your Personal Information may be accessible to law enforcement or other authorities pursuant to a lawful request.
By providing information to Gfycat, you explicitly consent to the storage of your Personal Information in these locations.
5.
Your Choices
5.1
General
You have the right to object to and opt out of certain uses and disclosures of your Personal Information.
Where you have consented to Gfycat’s Processing of your Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information, you may withdraw that consent at any time and opt out of further Processing by contacting contact at gfycat.com.
Even if you opt out, we may still collect and use non-Personal Information regarding your activities on our Site and/or information and for other legal purposes as described above.
5.2
Email and Telephone Communications
If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future emails.
We will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt.
Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or Services you have requested.
We may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding Gfycat and our Services and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding updates to our Terms or this Privacy Policy).
5.3
Mobile devices
Gfycat may occasionally send you push notifications through our mobile applications with notices that may be of interest to you.
You may at any time opt out from receiving these types of communications by changing the settings on your mobile device.
Gfycat may also collect location-based information if you use our mobile applications.
You may opt out of this collection by changing the settings on your mobile device.
5.4
“Do Not Track”
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers.
DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services.
Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.
5.5
Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising
As noted above, you may stop or restrict the placement of cookies on your computer or remove them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences.
Please note that cookie-based opt outs are not effective on mobile applications.
However, on many mobile devices, application users may opt out of certain mobile ads via their device settings.
The online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt out of receiving targeted ads from our data partners and our other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs.
You can access these, and also learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy, at https://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp, or https://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ and https://www.aboutads.info/choices/.
To separately make choices for mobile apps on a mobile device, you can download DAA’s AppChoices application from your device’s app store.
Alternatively, for some devices you may use your device’s platform controls in your settings to exercise choice.
Please note you must separately opt out in each browser and on each device.
Advertisements on third party websites that contain the AdChoices link may have been directed to you based on information collected by advertising partners over time and across websites.
These advertisements provide a mechanism to opt out of the advertising partners’ use of this information for interest-based advertising purposes.
6.
Your Privacy Rights
In accordance with applicable law, you may inquire as to whether Gfycat is Processing Personal Information about you, request access to Personal Information, and ask that we correct, amend or delete your Personal Information.
You may also have a right to request restriction of or object to processing of your Personal Information where such requests are permitted by law, and may opt out of our “sale” of data to third parties, as the term “sale” is defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
Where otherwise permitted by applicable law, you may send an e-mail to contact at gfycat.com or use any of the methods set out in this Privacy Policy to request access to, receive (port), seek rectification, request erasure, request restriction of or object to processing of Personal Information held about you by Gfycat.
or opt out of having your data sold to third parties as defined by the CCPA.
Please include your full name, email address associated with your account, and a detailed description of your data request.
Such requests will be processed in line with local laws.
Although Gfycat makes good faith efforts to provide Individuals with access to their Personal Information, there may be circumstances in which Gfycat is unable to provide access, including but not limited to: where the information contains legal privilege, would compromise others’ privacy or other legitimate rights, where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the Individual’s privacy in the case in question or where it is commercially proprietary.
If Gfycat determines that access should be restricted in any particular instance, we will provide you with an explanation of why that determination has been made and a contact point for any further inquiries.
To protect your privacy, Gfycat will take commercially reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to or making any changes to your Personal Information.
As required by law, if you are a California resident, you have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by Gfycat for the exercise of your rights conferred by the CCPA.
7.
Data Retention
Gfycat retains the Personal Information we receive as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.
8.
Security of Your Information
Gfycat takes reasonable steps to protect the Personal Information provided via the Services from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
Unfortunately, the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us.
In particular, email sent to or from the Services may not be secure.
Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email.
Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Information to Gfycat via the Internet.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.
By using the Site or providing Personal Information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Site.
If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Site or sending an e-mail to you.
9.
International Users
By using the Site, Gfycat will transfer data to the United States.
By choosing to visit the Site, utilize the Services or otherwise provide information to us, you agree that any dispute over privacy or the terms contained in this Privacy Policy will be governed by the laws of the United States and the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with Gfycat or the Site will be in accordance with the Terms.
If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your information to the United States and to Processing of your data globally.
By providing your Personal Information, you consent to any transfer and Processing in accordance with this Policy.
If you are located in the European Economic Area or the UK, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe our processing of your personal information violates applicable law.
10.
Children’s Privacy
Our Services are not directed to children under 13 (or other age as required by local law).
In addition, you are not permitted to use our Services if you do not meet the minimum age requirement applicable to our Services in your jurisdiction.
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 13.
If you learn that your child has provided us with Personal Information without your consent, you may alert us at contact at gfycat.com.
If we learn that we have collected Personal Information of a child, we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible unless we have a legal obligation to retain it, and terminate the child’s account.
11.
Redress/Compliance and Accountability
To keep your Personal Information accurate, current, and complete, please contact us as specified below.
We will take reasonable steps to update or correct Personal Information in our possession that you have previously submitted via the Services.
If you have any questions about our privacy practices, this Privacy Policy, or how to lodge a complaint with the appropriate authority, please contact Gfycat by email at: contact at gfycat.com.
Mailing address: 943 Howard Street, San Francisco, CA 94103.
We will address your concerns and attempt to resolve any privacy issues in a timely manner.
12.
Other Rights and Important Information

12.1
Changes To Our Privacy Policy and Practices

The Services and our business may change from time to time.
As a result, at times it may be necessary for Gfycat to make changes to this Privacy Policy.
Gfycat reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice.
Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any Personal Information.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above.
Your continued use of the Services after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.


Posting of Revised Privacy Policy. If there are any material changes to this Privacy Policy, Gfycat will notify you by email or as otherwise required by applicable law.
We will post any adjustments to the Privacy Policy on this web page, and the revised version will be effective immediately when it is posted (or upon notice as applicable).
If you are concerned about how your information is used, bookmark this page and read this Privacy Policy periodically.

New Uses of Personal Information. Additionally, before we use Personal Information for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will endeavor to provide information regarding the new purpose and give you the opportunity to opt out.
Where consent of the Individual for the Processing of Personal Information is otherwise required by law or contract, Gfycat will endeavor to comply with the law or contract.


12.2
California Privacy Rights

California law permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the Third Parties to whom we have disclosed their Personal Information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of Personal Information disclosed to those parties.
Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, Gfycat does not share Personal Information with Third Parties for their own marketing purposes.

13.
Definitions

The following capitalized terms shall have the meanings herein as set forth below.


“Agent” means any Third-Party that Processes Personal Information pursuant to the instructions of, and solely for, Gfycat or to which Gfycat discloses Personal Information for use on its behalf.

“Employee” refers to any current, temporary, permanent, prospective or former employee, director, contractor, worker, or retiree of Gfycat or its subsidiaries worldwide.

“Personal Information” is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“Individual”).

“Process” or “Processing” means any operation which is performed upon Personal Information, whether or not by automatic means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure, or destruction.

“Sensitive Data” or “Sensitive Personal Information” is a subset of Personal Information which, due to its nature, has been classified by law or by policy as deserving additional privacy and security protections.
Sensitive Personal Information includes Personal Information regarding EU residents that is classified as a “Special Category of Personal Information” under EU law, which consists of the following data elements: (1) race or ethnic origin.
(2) political opinions.
(3) religious or philosophical beliefs.
(4) trade union membership.
(5) genetic data.
(6) biometric data where Processed to uniquely identify a person.
(6) health information.
(7) sexual orientation or information about the Individual’s sex life.
or (8) information relating to the commission of a criminal offense.

“Third-Party” is any company, natural or legal person, public authority, agency, or body other than the Individual, Gfycat or Gfycat’s Agents.

14.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, or if you wish to submit a request to exercise your rights as detailed in this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:

Gfycat


Email address: contact at gfycat.com


Mailing address: 943 Howard Street, San Francisco, CA 94103 Attn: Privacy






CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION DISCLOSED FOR BUSINESS PURPOSES

Category
ExamplesA.
Identifiers.A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number (from employees—see B), or other similar identifiers.B.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal.
Civ.
Code § 1798.80(e)).A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Personal Information does not include publicly available information that is lawfully made available to the general public from federal, state, or local government records.
Note: Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.C.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).D.
Commercial information.Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.E.
Biometric information.Physiological, biological, or behavioral, characteristics (including DNA) that can be used to establish individual identity, or imagery of the iris, retina, fingerprint, face, hand, palm, vein patterns, and voice recordings, from which an identifier template such as a faceprint, a minutiae template, or a voiceprint, can be extracted and keystroke patterns or rhythms, gait patterns, or rhythms, and sleep, health or exercise data that contain identifying information.F.
Internet or other electronic network activity.Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement.G.
Geolocation data.Physical location or movements.H.
Sensory data.Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.I.
Professional or employment-related information.Current or past job history or performance evaluations.J.
Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C.
Sec.
1232g, 34 C.F.R.
Part 99)).Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.K.
Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer.Profile reflecting a consumer's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.

