
         Cookie PolicyCalvin Burrows2022-07-18T21:49:10+00:00 Cookie Policy
Last Modified: 27 November 2020
This site uses cookies.
On this page, we explain more about cookies and how we use them.
By using this website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
All collection and processing of personal information is done in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Capitalized terms used and not defined herein have the meaning ascribed to them in the GlobaliD Privacy Policy.
About Cookies
Cookies are small files that are placed on your browser or device by the website or app you’re using.
Pixel tags (also called clear GIFs, web beacons, or pixels) are small blocks of code on a webpage or app that allow us to do things like read and place cookies and transmit information to us or our partners.
The resulting connection can include information such as a device’sIP address, the time a person viewed the pixel, an identifier associated with the browser or device and the type of browser being used.
Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies.
A persistent cookie consists of a text file sent that allows a website or app to store and retrieve data on a person’s computer, mobile phone or other devices.
Some examples include device or HTML5 local storage and caching.
On the other hand, a session cookie expires at the end of the user session when the web browser is closed.
We may place or use these technologies when you interact with our Services, whether or not you are logged in.
For example, when you visit our website(s) or use our applications, we may place or read cookies or receive information from your devices.
We may also place cookies through a pixel on a partner’s site or through developer’s applications.
Why do we use these technologies?
We use these technologies for a variety of reasons.
We use them to help you sign up for our services, to help you sign in, to improve our Service, to count how many visitors we receive to a page, or to protect your data.
While specific names of the cookies and similar technologies that we use may change from time to time as we improve and update our Service, they fall into the below categories of use:

Category of use


Example


Cookie Domains in use on our site

Authentication
These technologies tell us when you are logged in so we can show you your dashboard and other information about your account.
They also give us information about your use of the Service that we use for a variety of reasons, including making your user experience better.
global.id
Features
These technologies can help make your use of the Service smoother and easier by remembering the information you provided and allowing us to tailor your experience.
global.id
Analytics
We may also use the technologies for general research and to understand how users are using the Service and/or third-party applications.
Google.com, global.id
Cookie Consent
We use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally.
If you delete this cookie, your preferences will not be remembered by the site.
global.id
What about mobile devices?
Many mobile devices contain browsers, not unlike browsers for computers.
When applicable, we will use cookies in the same way we do if you are using the Service via your computer.
If you consume the Service on devices that use local storage, Software Development Kits (“SDKs”) or Advanced Programming Interfaces (“APIs”), we will use these technologies to accomplish the same purposes.
We will use information about your device in ways consistent with the above and to improve the Service.
We will collect and use the information on transactions including payment information any applicable account, credit or debit card number and other card information, and other account and authentication information relating to any transactions.
As on the web, we also may use these technologies to store an identifier or other information on your device.
We describe how we use these technologies and the information we received through their use above.
When do we read cookies?
Web browsers send any cookies for a particular web domain (ex: global.id) to the website each time a device with those cookies accesses content served from that domain.
This means that any global.id cookie will be sent to us when any page is accessed at global.id by that device.
It also means that these cookies are sent to us when someone accesses a third-party website or application that integrates or uses our Service.
We may work with partners so that we can place or read cookies on your browsers or devices when you visit third-party services.
This allows us to do things like read and reference cookies from more than one device or browser that you use, on and off of our Service, so we can provide you with consistent service across all of your devices and improve and understand your experience.
Third Party Cookies
We sometimes use third parties in connection with the Service, including analytics providers and developers of applications that you can access through our Platform.
They may use a pixel to collect information about your device so that they or we can identify you.
If you authorize an application on our Platform, their developers may also use cookies, pixels or similar technologies (like local storage or information from your device), to help provide you with relevant services.
For example, a developer or platform partner may use cookies, SDKs or similar technologies to customize your experience while you are using their app.
Developers or our partners also may use these technologies to help share information with us, like how you use their website or application.
Those developing on our Platform may collect information when you view or use them, including information about you and your device or browser.
They may do this using cookies or similar technologies.
We require developers to be transparent about what they collect and how they use the information.
To learn more about the information they collect or receive, please review their privacy policies.
Can you control these technologies?
Your browser or device may offer settings related to these technologies, including how to delete or block them.
For more information about whether these settings are available, what they do, and how they work, visit your browser or device’s help material.
If you disable certain settings, we may not be able to recognize or respond to browser or device information, and that may interfere with your use of the Service or certain features of the Service.
What if you’re not a user?
We still use cookies if you don’t have an account or have logged out of your account.
For example, if you have logged out of your account we use cookies to help:

Identify and disable abuse
Recover your account
Provide security features
Identify public computers
Identify proxies
Generate insights about users and their usage

We also set cookies if you don’t have an account, but have visited our site, to help us protect our users, the Site and Services from malicious activity like denial-of-service attacks and the automated access, and for attribution modeling purposes.
Need further information?
If you have a question or you need further information about our Cookie Policy, please contact us.
