
←︎ Home GoatCounter terms of service 
16 January 2020
 Definitions
The “services” are any software, application, product, or service provided by GoatCounter.com.
Collectively they are also referred to as the “network”.
“GoatCounter.com”, “we”, and “us” refers to GoatCounter.com and its authorized agents.
The “user”, “you”, and “your” refers to any individual or organization which accesses our services. Account Terms
Accounts are only available to users who are 13 years of age or older, or the minimum age for accessing internet services in their country, whichever is older.
You must also be a human, accounts registered through automated means are not permitted.
Accounts utilized by an automated process are permitted, so long as the initial account registration was manually performed by a human.
You are responsible for your account, any activity performed with it, and the security of your account credentials.
We require an email address to register an account.
This email address must be kept up-to-date and we must be able to reach you for official communication at this address.
If we are unable to reach you, your account may be terminated.
This service is operated out of the Republic of Ireland.
It is your responsibility to ensure that all local laws regarding data collection are followed (e.g.
GDPR). Commercial use
The service is free for personal use, but all commercial users must purchase
a plan after the initial 14-day trial or stop using the service until a plan is
purchased.
A website is considered “commercial” if the primary goal is to sell
or advertise paid products or services.
There is a large amount of grey area between strictly ‘personal’ and
‘commercial’.
for example selling a service as a side-project which provides
just a little bit of pocket money is ‘commercial’, but also ‘personal’.
As a
rule, things like “pocket-money side-projects” are considered personal,
especially if they’re open source.
Just get in touch if you’re unsure and I’ll tell you if it’s considered
personal.
Also see the note on charities. Payments
You are billed immediately for the displayed term.
These services will be remitted to you at the displayed price, which will not change during the payment term.
If you authorize us to automatically renew your service at the end of the term, you will be notified at least 1 week in advance of renewal when the price has changed during the previous payment term.
No refunds are given for partial service or when you request your services to be downgraded.
In the event that your services are downgraded, you are billed the reduced price at the start of the next billing term. Limitation of liability
This software is provided by the copyright holders and contributors “as is” and any express or implied warranties, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are disclaimed.
In no event shall the copyright holder or contributors be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services.
loss of use, data, or profits.
or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of this software, even if advised of the possibility of such damage. Changes to these terms
We may make changes to these terms with at least two weeks notice.
Notice will be sent to the email on file for your account. Home | Contact | Documentation | Contribute Source code | NLnet NGI0 | GitHub sponsors | Patreon | Product Hunt | AlternativeTo 
      