
        Information Google collectsWe want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you’ll find most useful, the people who matter most to you online, or which YouTube videos you might like.
The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using.
This helps us do things like maintain your language preferences across browsing sessions.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as personal information.Things you create or provide to usWhen you create a Google Account, you provide us with personal information that includes your name and a password.
You can also choose to add a phone number or payment information to your account.
Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.
This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.Information we collect as you use our servicesYour apps, browsers &amp.
devicesWe collect information about the apps, browsers, and devices you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes unique identifiers, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number.
We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including IP address, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and referrer URL of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates.
If you’re using an Android device with Google apps, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services.
This information includes things like your device type, carrier name, crash reports, and which apps you've installed.Your activityWe collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like.
The activity information we collect may include:

Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information when you use audio features
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account

If you use our services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google AccountYour location informationWe collect information about your location when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions for your weekend getaway or showtimes for movies playing near you.
Your location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy by:

GPS
IP address
Sensor data from your device
Information about things near your device, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices

The types of location data we collect depend in part on your device and account settings.
For example, you can turn your Android device’s location on or off using the device’s settings app.
You can also turn on Location History if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources.
For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name.
We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, including marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
We also receive information from advertisers to provide advertising and research services on their behalf.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including cookies, pixel tags, local storage, such as browser web storage or application data caches, databases, and server logs.
