
         Skip to main content Tell us whether you accept cookies We use cookies to collect information about how you use GOV.UK.
We use this information to make the website work as well as possible and improve government services. Accept all cookies Set cookie preferences You’ve accepted all cookies.
You can change your cookie settings at any time. Hide GOV.UK Show or hide search Search on GOV.UK Search Coronavirus (COVID-19) Guidance and support Brexit transition Take action now for new rules in 2021 
 Home 
 Privacy notice GOV.UK (or www.gov.uk) is provided by the Government Digital Service (GDS), part of the Cabinet Office.
Cabinet Office is the data controller for pages starting with www.gov.uk - for example, www.gov.uk/pip.
If you follow a link to a service provided by another government department, agency or local authority, that organisation will:

be the data controller
be responsible for processing any data you share with them
publish and manage their own privacy notice with details of how to contact them


Example

If you make a claim for Universal Credit www.universal-credit.service.gov.uk, the Department for Work and Pensions will be the responsible controller.
The service’s own privacy notice will apply.
A data controller determines how and why personal data is processed.
For more information, read the Cabinet Office’s entry in the Data Protection Public Register. What data we collect The personal data we collect from you includes:

questions, queries or feedback you leave, including your email address if you contact GOV.UK
your postcode if you use a GOV.UK service that includes a postcode lookup function (such as the school term and holiday dates service)
your email address and subscription preferences when you sign up to our email alerts
how you use our emails - for example whether you open them and which links you click on
your Internet Protocol (IP) address, and details of which version of web browser you used
information on how you use the site, using cookies and page tagging techniques

We use Google Analytics software to collect information about how you use GOV.UK.
This includes IP addresses.
The data is anonymised before being used for analytics processing.
Google Analytics processes anonymised information about:

the pages you visit on GOV.UK
how long you spend on each GOV.UK page
how you got to the site
what you click on while you’re visiting the site

We do not store your personal information through Google Analytics (for example your name or address).
We will not identify you through analytics information, and we will not combine analytics information with other data sets in a way that would identify who you are.
We continuously test and monitor our data protection controls to make sure they’re effective and to detect any weaknesses. Why we need your data We collect information through Google Analytics to see how you use the site and government digital services.
We do this to help:

make sure the site is meeting the needs of its users
make improvements, for example improving site search


We also collect data in order to:

gather feedback to improve our services, for example our email alerts
respond to any feedback you send us, if you’ve asked us to
send email alerts to users who request them
allow you to access government services and make transactions
provide you with information about local services
monitor use of the site to identify security threats
 Our legal basis for processing your data The legal basis for processing personal data in relation to site security is our legitimate interests, and the legitimate interests of our users, in ensuring the security and integrity of GOV.UK.
The legal basis for processing anonymised data for Google Analytics is your consent.
The legal basis for processing all other personal data is that it’s necessary:

to perform a task in the public interest
in the exercise of our functions as a government department
 What we do with your data The data we collect may be shared with other government departments, agencies and public bodies.
It may also be shared with our technology suppliers, for example our hosting provider.
We will not:

sell or rent your data to third parties
share your data with third parties for marketing purposes
use your data in analytics

We will share your data if we are required to do so by law - for example, by court order, or to prevent fraud or other crime. How long we keep your data We will only retain your personal data for as long as:

it is needed for the purposes set out in this document
the law requires us to

We will keep your email data until you unsubscribe.
We will keep your feedback data for 2 years.
We will delete access log data after 120 days. Children’s privacy protection Our services are not designed for, or intentionally targeted at, children 13 years of age or younger.
We do not intentionally collect or maintain data about anyone under the age of 13. Where your data is processed and stored We design, build and run our systems to make sure that your data is as safe as possible at all stages, both while it’s processed and when it’s stored.
All personal data is stored in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Data collected by Google Analytics may be transferred outside the EEA for processing. How we protect your data and keep it secure We are committed to doing all that we can to keep your data secure.
We have set up systems and processes to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure of your data - for example, we protect your data using varying levels of encryption.
We also make sure that any third parties that we deal with keep all personal data they process on our behalf secure. Your rights You have the right to request:

information about how your personal data is processed
a copy of that personal data
that anything inaccurate in your personal data is corrected immediately

You can also:

raise an objection about how your personal data is processed
request that your personal data is erased if there is no longer a justification for it
ask that the processing of your personal data is restricted in certain circumstances

If you have any of these requests, get in contact with our Privacy Team. Links to other websites GOV.UK contains links to other websites.
This privacy notice only applies to GOV.UK, and does not cover other government services and transactions that we link to.
These services, such as Universal Credit, have their own terms and conditions and privacy policies. Following a link to another website If you go to another website from this one, read the privacy policy on that website to find out what it does with your information. Following a link to GOV.UK from another website If you come to GOV.UK from another website, we may receive personal information from the other website.
You should read the privacy policy of the website you came from to find out more about this. GOV.UK accounts trial GOV.UK is trialling accounts to try to improve online public services.
Creating an account is optional and all GOV.UK services are accessible with or without an account.
You can access, update or permanently delete your account and all the information stored in it at any time.
This privacy notice covers most things related to GOV.UK accounts but accounts need to collect and store some extra data to make them work.
Read the full GOV.UK accounts trial privacy notice for more detail on how GOV.UK accounts store, process and share your personal information. Contact us or make a complaint Contact the Privacy Team if you:

have a question about anything in this privacy notice
think that your personal data has been misused or mishandled


Privacy Team

gds-privacy-office@digital.cabinet-office.gov.uk
You can also contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO):
Data Protection Officer
DPO@cabinetoffice.gov.uk
Cabinet Office
70 Whitehall
London 
SW1A 2AS
The DPO provides independent advice and monitoring of our use of personal information.
You can also make a complaint to the Information Commissioner, who is an independent regulator.
casework@ico.org.uk
Telephone: 0303 123 1113
Textphone: 01625 545860
Monday to Friday, 9am to 4:30pm
Find out about call charges
 Information Commissioner's Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire SK9 5AF

 Changes to this policy We may change this privacy policy.
In that case, the ‘last updated’ date at the bottom of this page will also change.
Any changes to this privacy policy will apply to you and your data immediately.
If these changes affect how your personal data is processed, GDS will take reasonable steps to let you know. Last updated 31 October 2019 Brexit transition  17 days to go

Check you’re ready for 2021 Related content 
About GOV.UK
Terms and conditions
 Is this page useful? Maybe 
 Yes this page is useful 
 No this page is not useful 
 Thank you for your feedback There is something wrong with this page Close Help us improve GOV.UK Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details. What were you doing? What went wrong? Send Close Help us improve GOV.UK To help us improve GOV.UK, we’d like to know more about your visit today.
We’ll send you a link to a feedback form.
It will take only 2 minutes to fill in.
Don’t worry we won’t send you spam or share your email address with anyone. Email address Send me the survey Coronavirus (COVID-19) 
 Coronavirus (COVID-19): guidance and support 
 Brexit transition 
 Check the new rules for January 2021 
 Services and information 
 Benefits 
 Births, deaths, marriages and care 
 Business and self-employed 
 Childcare and parenting 
 Citizenship and living in the UK 
 Crime, justice and the law 
 Disabled people 
 Driving and transport 


 Education and learning 
 Employing people 
 Environment and countryside 
 Housing and local services 
 Money and tax 
 Passports, travel and living abroad 
 Visas and immigration 
 Working, jobs and pensions 
 Departments and policy 
 How government works 
 Departments 
 Worldwide 
 Services 
 Guidance and regulation 
 News and communications 
 Research and statistics 
 Policy papers and consultations 
 Transparency and freedom of information releases 
 Support links

Help
Privacy
Cookies
Contact
Accessibility statement
Terms and conditions
Rhestr o Wasanaethau Cymraeg
 Built by the Government Digital Service 

 Open Government Licence 
All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0, except where otherwise stated © Crown copyright 
      