
         Skip to main content Tell us whether you accept cookies We use cookies to collect information about how you use GOV.UK.
We use this information to make the website work as well as possible and improve government services. Accept all cookies Set cookie preferences You’ve accepted all cookies.
You can change your cookie settings at any time. Hide GOV.UK Show or hide search Search on GOV.UK Search Coronavirus (COVID-19) Guidance and support Brexit transition Take action now for new rules in 2021 
 Home 
 Terms and conditions This page and any pages it links to explains GOV.UK’s terms of use.
You must agree to these to use GOV.UK. Who we are GOV.UK is managed by Government Digital Service (GDS) on behalf of the Crown.
GDS is part of the Cabinet Office and will be referred to as ‘we’ from now on. Using GOV.UK You agree to use GOV.UK only for lawful purposes.
You must also use it in a way that does not infringe the rights of, or restrict or inhibit the use and enjoyment of, this site by anyone else.
We update GOV.UK all the time.
We can change or remove content at any time without notice. Services and transactions You can use GOV.UK to access online government services and transactions, for example GOV.UK Verify or register to vote.
These can be managed by GDS or another government department or agency.
Some services have their own terms and conditions which also apply - read these before you use the service. Linking to GOV.UK We welcome and encourage other websites to link to GOV.UK.
You must contact us for permission if you want to either:

charge your website’s users to click on a link to any page on GOV.UK
say your website is associated with or endorsed by GOV.UK or another government department or agency
 Linking from GOV.UK GOV.UK links to websites that are managed by other government departments and agencies, service providers or other organisations.
We do not have any control over the content on these websites.
We’re not responsible for:

the protection of any information you give to these websites
any loss or damage that may come from your use of these websites, or any other websites they link to

You agree to release us from any claims or disputes that may come from using these websites.
You should read all terms and conditions, privacy policies and end user licences that relate to these websites before you use them. Using GOV.UK content Most content on GOV.UK is subject to Crown copyright protection and is published under the Open Government Licence (OGL).
Some content is exempt from the OGL - check the list of exemptions.
Departmental logos and crests are also exempt from the OGL, except when they form an integral part of a document or dataset.
If any content is not subject to Crown copyright protection or published under the OGL, we’ll usually credit the author or copyright holder.
You can reproduce content published on GOV.UK under the OGL as long as you follow the licence’s conditions.
Contact us if you want to reproduce a piece of content but are not sure if it’s covered by Crown copyright or the OGL.
We make most of the content on GOV.UK available through feeds for other websites and applications to use.
The websites and applications that use our feeds are not our products, and they might use versions of our content that have been edited and stored for later use (‘cached’).
We do not give any guarantees, conditions or warranties about the accuracy or completeness of any content used by these products.
We’re not liable for any loss or damage that may come from your use of these products.
The most up to date version of our content will always be on GOV.UK. Disclaimer While we make every effort to keep GOV.UK up to date, we do not provide any guarantees, conditions or warranties that the information will be:

current
secure
accurate
complete
free from bugs or viruses

We do not publish advice on GOV.UK.
You should get professional or specialist advice before doing anything on the basis of the content.
We’re not liable for any loss or damage that may come from using GOV.UK.
This includes:

any direct, indirect or consequential losses
any loss or damage caused by civil wrongs (‘tort’, including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise
the use of GOV.UK and any websites that are linked to or from it
the inability to use GOV.UK and any websites that are linked to or from it

This applies if the loss or damage was foreseeable, arose in the normal course of things or you advised us that it might happen.
This includes (but is not limited to) the loss of your:

income or revenue
salary, benefits or other payments
business
profits or contracts
opportunity
anticipated savings
data
goodwill or reputation
tangible property
intangible property, including loss, corruption or damage to data or any computer system
wasted management or office time

We may still be liable for:

death or personal injury arising from our negligence
fraudulent misrepresentation
any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law
 Requests to remove content You can ask for content to be removed from GOV.UK.
We’ll remove content:

in order to comply with data protection legislation covering the rights and freedoms of individuals
if it breaches copyright laws, contains sensitive personal data or material that may be considered obscene or defamatory

Contact us to ask for content to be removed.
You’ll need to send us the web address (URL) of the content and explain why you think it should be removed.
We’ll reply to let you know whether we’ll remove it.
We remove content at our discretion in discussion with the department or agency responsible for it.
You can still request information under the Freedom of Information Act and the Data Protection Act. Information about you and your visits to GOV.UK We collect information about you in accordance with our privacy policy and our cookie policy.
By using GOV.UK, you agree to us collecting this information and confirm that any data you provide is accurate. Virus protection We make every effort to check and test GOV.UK for viruses at every stage of production.
You must make sure that the way you use GOV.UK does not expose you to the risk of viruses, malicious computer code or other forms of interference which can damage your computer system.
We’re not responsible for any loss, disruption or damage to your data or computer system that might happen when you use GOV.UK. Viruses, hacking and other offences When using GOV.UK, you must not introduce viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or any other material that’s malicious or technologically harmful.
You must not try to gain unauthorised access to GOV.UK, the server on which it’s stored or any server, computer or database connected to it.
You must not attack GOV.UK in any way.
This includes denial-of-service attacks.
We’ll report any attacks or attempts to gain unauthorised access to GOV.UK to the relevant law enforcement authorities and share information about you with them. Governing law These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.
Any dispute you have which relates to these terms and conditions, or your use of GOV.UK (whether it be contractual or non-contractual), will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales. General There may be legal notices elsewhere on GOV.UK that relate to how you use the site.
We’re not liable if we fail to comply with these terms and conditions because of circumstances beyond our reasonable control.
We might decide not to exercise or enforce any right available to us under these terms and conditions.
We can always decide to exercise or enforce that right at a later date.
Doing this once will not mean we automatically waive the right on any other occasion.
If any of these terms and conditions are held to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal for any reason, the remaining terms and conditions will still apply. Changes to these terms and conditions Please check these terms and conditions regularly.
We can update them at any time without notice.
You’ll agree to any changes if you continue to use GOV.UK after the terms and conditions have been updated. Last updated 6 October 2015 Brexit transition  17 days to go

Check you’re ready for 2021 Related content 
Privacy notice
About GOV.UK
 Is this page useful? Maybe 
 Yes this page is useful 
 No this page is not useful 
 Thank you for your feedback There is something wrong with this page Close Help us improve GOV.UK Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details. What were you doing? What went wrong? Send Close Help us improve GOV.UK To help us improve GOV.UK, we’d like to know more about your visit today.
We’ll send you a link to a feedback form.
It will take only 2 minutes to fill in.
Don’t worry we won’t send you spam or share your email address with anyone. Email address Send me the survey Coronavirus (COVID-19) 
 Coronavirus (COVID-19): guidance and support 
 Brexit transition 
 Check the new rules for January 2021 
 Services and information 
 Benefits 
 Births, deaths, marriages and care 
 Business and self-employed 
 Childcare and parenting 
 Citizenship and living in the UK 
 Crime, justice and the law 
 Disabled people 
 Driving and transport 


 Education and learning 
 Employing people 
 Environment and countryside 
 Housing and local services 
 Money and tax 
 Passports, travel and living abroad 
 Visas and immigration 
 Working, jobs and pensions 
 Departments and policy 
 How government works 
 Departments 
 Worldwide 
 Services 
 Guidance and regulation 
 News and communications 
 Research and statistics 
 Policy papers and consultations 
 Transparency and freedom of information releases 
 Support links

Help
Privacy
Cookies
Contact
Accessibility statement
Terms and conditions
Rhestr o Wasanaethau Cymraeg
 Built by the Government Digital Service 

 Open Government Licence 
All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0, except where otherwise stated © Crown copyright 
      