
         Skip to main content Tell us whether you accept cookies We use cookies to collect information about how you use GOV.UK.
We use this information to make the website work as well as possible and improve government services. Accept all cookies Set cookie preferences You’ve accepted all cookies.
You can change your cookie settings at any time. Hide GOV.UK Show or hide search Search on GOV.UK Search Coronavirus (COVID-19) Guidance and support Brexit transition Take action now for new rules in 2021 Your cookie settings were saved Government services may set additional cookies and, if so, will have their own cookie policy and banner. Go back to the page you were looking at Cookies on GOV.UK Cookies are files saved on your phone, tablet or computer when you visit a website.
We use cookies to store information about how you use the GOV.UK website, such as the pages you visit. Cookie settings We use Javascript to set most of our cookies.
Unfortunately Javascript is not running on your browser, so you cannot change your settings.
You can try:

reloading the page
turning on Javascript in your browser

We use 4 types of cookie.
You can choose which cookies you're happy for us to use. Cookies that measure website use We use Google Analytics to measure how you use the website so we can improve it based on user needs.
We do not allow Google to use or share the data about how you use this site.
Google Analytics sets cookies that store anonymised information about:

how you got to the site
the pages you visit on GOV.UK and government digital services, and how long you spend on each page
what you click on while you're visiting the site
 Use cookies that measure my website use Do not use cookies that measure my website use Cookies that help with our communications and marketing These cookies may be set by third party websites and do things like measure how you view YouTube videos that are on GOV.UK. Use cookies that help with communications and marketing Do not use cookies that help with communications and marketing Cookies that remember your settings These cookies do things like remember your preferences and the choices you make, to personalise your experience of using the site.
Use cookies that remember my settings on the site Do not use cookies that remember my settings on the site Strictly necessary cookies These essential cookies do things like remember your progress through a form (for example a licence application)
They always need to be on.
 Find out more about cookies on GOV.UK  Save changes Government services Most services we link to are run by different government departments, for example DWP’s Universal Credit online, DVLA’s vehicle tax service, or HMRC’s webchat.
These services may set additional cookies and, if so, will have their own cookie policy and banner linking to it. Is this page useful? Maybe 
 Yes this page is useful 
 No this page is not useful 
 Thank you for your feedback There is something wrong with this page Close Help us improve GOV.UK Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details. What were you doing? What went wrong? Send Close Help us improve GOV.UK To help us improve GOV.UK, we’d like to know more about your visit today.
We’ll send you a link to a feedback form.
It will take only 2 minutes to fill in.
Don’t worry we won’t send you spam or share your email address with anyone. Email address Send me the survey Coronavirus (COVID-19) 
 Coronavirus (COVID-19): guidance and support 
 Brexit transition 
 Check the new rules for January 2021 
 Services and information 
 Benefits 
 Births, deaths, marriages and care 
 Business and self-employed 
 Childcare and parenting 
 Citizenship and living in the UK 
 Crime, justice and the law 
 Disabled people 
 Driving and transport 


 Education and learning 
 Employing people 
 Environment and countryside 
 Housing and local services 
 Money and tax 
 Passports, travel and living abroad 
 Visas and immigration 
 Working, jobs and pensions 
 Departments and policy 
 How government works 
 Departments 
 Worldwide 
 Services 
 Guidance and regulation 
 News and communications 
 Research and statistics 
 Policy papers and consultations 
 Transparency and freedom of information releases 
 Support links

Help
Privacy
Cookies
Contact
Accessibility statement
Terms and conditions
Rhestr o Wasanaethau Cymraeg
 Built by the Government Digital Service 

 Open Government Licence 
All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0, except where otherwise stated © Crown copyright 
      