


WordPress.com
Create a free website.


VaultPress
Backup and security scanning for your site.


Akismet
The anti-spam service for the web.


Crowdsignal
Create surveys for the web and mobile.



 G Menu 
What is Gravatar?
How to Use Gravatar
Help


 WordPress.com Sign In 
 Gravatar Terms of Use 
PLEASE READ THESE GRAVATAR TERMS OF USE (“GRAVATAR TERMS”) CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING OR USING ANY PART OF THE SERVICES OR WEBSITE.
BY USING THE SERVICES OR WEBSITE IN ANY MANNER, YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND AGREE TO BECOME BOUND BY THE GRAVATAR TERMS.
IF THE GRAVATAR TERMS ARE CONSIDERED AN OFFER, ACCEPTANCE IS EXPRESSLY LIMITED TO SUCH TERMS.
IF YOU DO NOT UNCONDITIONALLY AGREE TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE GRAVATAR TERMS, YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO USE ANY PORTION OF THE SERVICES OR WEBSITE.


The Gravatar Terms govern the terms and conditions under which you may use the website located at www.gravatar.com and related services by Automattic, including without limitation, the user accounts, profiles, avatars, technology, and other content and materials offered on or through that website (collectively, “Services”, and each of which shall be deemed a “Website” for purposes of the Terms of Service (defined below)).
The Gravatar Terms supplement the Terms of Service located at http://wordpress.com/tos/ (the “Terms of Service”), including without limitation, the Responsibilities of Website Visitors, all warranty disclaimers, limitations of liability, and dispute resolution provisions therein, which shall apply to the subject matter of these Gravatar Terms, and which are incorporated herein by this reference.
If there is any conflict between the Gravatar Terms and the Terms of Service, the Gravatar Terms will govern.
All capitalized terms that are not defined herein have the meaning specified in the Terms of Service.').


Automattic may update the Gravatar Terms from time to time.
Your continued use of the Services following notification of such updates constitutes your acceptance of those changes.


1.
User Submissions. The Services may provide you with the ability to create, upload, distribute or post (“Submit(ting)”) data, photographs, avatars, software, graphics, profile and other information to the Services (collectively, the “User Submissions”).
By Submitting User Submissions, you acknowledge that you are publishing that User Submission, and that you may be identified publicly by your avatar and other User Submissions (e.g., in connection with your blogs, comments and/or email address) by Automattic, third party Gravatar-enabled websites (as that term in defined below), and others.
More specifically, you hereby do and shall grant to Automattic a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free and fully-paid, transferable (including rights to sublicense) right to perform the Services (e.g., to use, modify, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, perform, and otherwise fully exercise and exploit all intellectual property, publicity, and moral rights with respect to any User Submissions, and to allow others to do so).


By Submitting, you agree to be solely responsible for the User Submissions and release Automattic from any liability related to your use of the Services.
You warrant, represent and agree that you will not Submit any User Submissions or otherwise use the Services in a manner that (i) infringes the intellectual property or proprietary rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, of any third party.
(ii) violates any law, statute, ordinance or regulation.
or (iii) is harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortuous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, or otherwise objectionable.
You understand that Automattic shall not be responsible or liable for controlling or editing any User Submission, for any errors or omissions in any User Submission, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any User Submission.
nor can Automattic ensure prompt removal of inappropriate or unlawful content or guarantee the identity of any other users or websites with whom you may interact in the course of using the Services.


2.
Use of the Services by Third Party Websites. Third party websites may enable the use of the Services on their respective websites as expressly authorized by Automattic (e.g., API calls into Gravatar: http://en.gravatar.com/site/implement).
provided that they (i) do not copy, store or modify User Submissions.
(ii) do not distribute, display, perform, use or otherwise exercise or exploit any User Submission or other user information for any purpose other than as necessary to perform the Services for the applicable user.
(iii) have a privacy policy in effect and posted on such website that complies with all applicable laws and regulations and that notifies such user that it will only use personally identifiable information as set forth in (ii) above.
and (iv) agree to be bound by and comply with all the terms, conditions, and limitations set forth in the Terms of Service (“Gravatar-enabled website”).


Blog
Developer Resources
Technical Support
 An Automattic Team 
Languages
Privacy Policy








 &nbsp.

      