

 What is the purpose of collecting personal information?

 What personal information does Greater Goods gather?

 Does Greater Goods share the information it collects?

 How secure is my information?

 What about links to other websites?

 Amazon Affiliate Disclosure

 What choices do I have?

 How does Greater Goods handle Do Not Track signals?

 What about the California Privacy Rights?

 What about COPPA?

 What about the CAN-SPAM Act?

 Applicable Law

 Intellectual Property Rights

 Product Descriptions

 How to Contact Us

 Changes to this Policy

 Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability

Privacy Policy

Greater Goods is committed to protecting the security and privacy of your personal information, since we are deeply aware of the trust you place in us.
Therefore, we conduct our business in compliance with all applicable laws concerning data security and privacy.
The Privacy Policy (“Policy”) outlined below is created to inform you as to what information Greater Goods collects from visitors/users/customers, and how we treat this information to improve your experience.
This Policy applies to our products, our websites greatergoods.com and weightgurus.com, and our Weight Gurus and Balance Health mobile apps—collectively, “Greater Goods".
Please read it carefully.
This Policy may be changed at any time without prior notice to any visitors/users/customers, so please check this policy periodically for any changes.
BY USING Greater Goods, YOU APPROVE AND AGREE TO THE PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN OUR POLICY.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us: Tel: 1-866-991-8494 Email: info@greatergoods.com

1.
What is the purpose of collecting personal information?

The information you provide to us will be used to respond to inquiries, notify you of promotions and announcements, or to supply you with requested information on products and service.

We use your collected information to improve our content, product offerings and service specifically for you.
We use your collected information to service your account with us, including but not limited to investigating problems, resolving disputes and enforcing agreements with us.
We do not sell your information to third parties.


2.
What personal information does Greater Goods gather?

The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your experience with Greater Goods.
Here are the types of information we gather:

Information you provide: We receive and store any information you enter while using Greater Goods so as to provide you with a better experience and to improve the quality of our service—for example, we store information when you (a) provide information in your account (and you might have more than one if you have used more than one e-mail address when registering with us) or your profile.
(b) enter and track your weight with WeightGURUS or your blood pressure with Balance Health.
(d) communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise.
(e) complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form.
(f) participate in Discussion Boards or other community features.
(g) provide and write reviews.
As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone numbers.
credit card information.
people to whom purchases have been shipped, including addresses and phone number.
people (with addresses and phone numbers).
e-mail addresses.
content of reviews and e-mails to us.
personal description and photograph in Your Profile, etc.
For certain services, we may give you the opportunity to opt out of combining such information.
If you have previously submitted this information and would like to remove it, please contact us at info@greatergoods.com, and we will make all reasonable attempts to delete your information from our files.

Automatic information: We receive and store certain types of information that is not personally identifiable whenever you interact with us.
For instance, we use “cookies”, like many other websites, and we may document the type of computer operating system you are using or type the internet browser you are operating.
Other examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet.
login.
e-mail address.
password.
computer and connection information such as browser type, version, and time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform.
purchase history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create features such as Top Sellers.
the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our Web site, including date and time.
cookie number.
products you viewed or searched for.
and the phone number you used to call our 800 number.
We may also use browser data such as cookies, Flash cookies (also known as Flash Local Shared Objects), or similar data on certain parts of our Web site for fraud prevention and other purposes.
During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information, including (a) page response times, (b) download errors, (c) length of visits to certain pages, (d) page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), (e) methods used to browse away from the page.
We will not sell your non-personal information to third parties.
We may share this non-personal information with our business partners.

Information from other sources: We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information.
For example, to help us make emails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open email from us if your computer supports such capabilities.
We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers.
If you do not want to receive emails from us, please contact us at info@greatergoods.com.
Other examples of information we receive from other sources includes (a) updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties, which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily.
(b) account information, purchase or redemption information, and page view information from some merchants with which we operate co-branded business or for which we provide technical, fulfillment, advertising, or other services.
(c) search term and search result information from some searches conducted through the web search features offered by our subsidiaries.
(d) search results and links, such as paid listing.
(e) credit history information from credit bureaus, which we use to help prevent and detect fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers.


If you would like to update or delete any personal information we have collected about you, contact us at info@greatergoods.com.
We will abide by requests to have personally identifiable information deleted from our records, except in cases where retention of that information may be required by law.

3.
Does Greater Goods share the information it collects?

Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we will never sell your information to third parties.
We only share personal information with other companies or individuals outside of Greater Goods in the following limited circumstances:

We have your consent.
We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information.
We provide such information to our affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf.
We require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Greater Goods, its users or the public as required or permitted by law.
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf such as fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and email, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, provide search results and links (including paid links), processing credit card payment, and providing customer service.
They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for any other purpose.
We release account and other personal information when we believe that release is appropriate to comply with the law, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Greater Goods, our users or others.
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Obviously, however, this does not mean we sell, rent, share or disclose personal identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of commitments set forth in this Policy.
If Greater Goods becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of its assets, we will ensure the confidentiality of any personal information involved in such transactions and provide notice before personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a privacy policy.


4.
How secure is my information?

Your information is stored on our servers and we treat data as an asset that must be protected.
We use professional tools (encryption, passwords, physical security, etc.) to protect your personal information against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data.
These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, including appropriate encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data.
However, as you probably know, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, and other users may abuse or misuse your personal information that they collect from the site.
Therefore, although we work very hard to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private.
We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order.
Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
Contractors and agents who need to know information in order to process it on our behalf are restricted in their access to personal information.
These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer.
Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
Generally, you are automatically asked to log into your Greater Goods account when you need to access account or order information to review or change something.
If you have trouble logging in, here are some things to check:

Incorrect email address: Make sure your email address is in the following format: username@domain.com(or .net, .org, etc.).
If you have more than one email address, be sure that you're using the correct email address and password combination for the account you are trying to access.
Also, if your computer is set to auto-complete the email, make sure it's the correct email address listed.
Incorrect password: If you're sure you're using the correct email address, try to reset your password.

If you are using a public terminal, do not forget to log off, or sign out before you leave the computer.
You can click the "Log Out" link at any time to exit your Greater Goods account to protect the security of your information.
After you sign out, your name will be removed from the home page, and your ordering settings will be inaccessible to anyone using the same computer after you.
We recommend that you sign out only when you feel that you must.
If we can't identify you, it will be difficult for us to identify items that might be of interest to you.
You’ll need to sign in again if you want to regain access to the items saved in your Shopping Cart, to place orders, or to view your recommendations.

5.
What about links to other websites?

Since our site includes third-party advertising and links to other websites, we promise not to disclose any personally identifiable customer information to these advertisers or third-party websites.
These third-party websites and advertisers, or Internet advertising companies working on their behalf, sometimes use technology to send (or "serve") the advertisements that appear on Greater Goods directly to your browser.
They automatically receive your IP address when this happens.
They may also use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (also known as action tags or single-pixel gifs), and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content.
We do not have access to or control over cookies or other features that they may use, and the information practices of these advertisers and third-party websites are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
Please contact them directly for more information about their privacy practices.

6.
Amazon Affiliate Disclosure

Greater Goods is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.

7.
What choices do I have?

You can always choose to control the information stored in your Greater Goods account or choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of Greater Goods functions.
You can also always add or update certain information on pages.
In addition, if you do not want to receive email from us, please contact us at info@greatergoods.com at any time.
(If you do not want to receive legal notices from us, such as changes of Privacy Policy, those notices will still govern your use of Greater Goods, and it is your responsibility to review them for changes.)
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer.
However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of essential features of Greater Goods, we recommend that you leave them turned on.
For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to Checkout, etc.

8.
How does Greater Goods handle Do Not Track signals?

We honor Do Not Track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.

9.
What about the California Privacy Rights?

(For California residents) As section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code required, businesses have to disclose policies relating to the sharing of certain categories of your Personal Information with third parties.
If you reside in California and have provided your personal information to Greater Goods, you may request information about our disclosures of personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes.
Such kind of requests can be submitted by email at info@greatergoods.com.
After receiving such a request, we will provide the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for third-party direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of those third parties.
This request may be made no more than once per calendar year.
We reserve our right not to respond to requests submitted other than to the address specified in this section.
We may utilize your personal information outside of necessary limits in the following circumstances:

If we have gotten your written approval;
To avoid urgent danger to your life, body or personal property;
To avoid great harm on others’ rights and benefits;
To promote public benefits without harming yours.

We may also disclose your personal information in response to the requests from government or for the purpose of public safety, and we are exempt from responsibility for the aforementioned disclosures.

10.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)

When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control.
The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.

11.
CAN-SPAM act

The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:

Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
 Send you additional information related to your product and/or service
 Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.

To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:

 Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
 Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
 Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
 Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
 Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.

If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.

12.
Applicable Law

By using Greater Goods, you agree that the laws of the state of Missouri, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Greater Goods.

13.
Intellectual Property Rights

Greater Goods and all the content available on Greater Goods are the property of Greater Goods and are protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws.
You may not use Greater Goods or the materials or services available on Greater Goods in a manner that constitutes an infringement of our rights or that has not been authorized by us or is otherwise contrary to any applicable laws.When you submit or post any content, you are granting Greater Goods, and anyone authorized by Greater Goods, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, unrestricted, fully sub-licensable, worldwide license to use, display, copy, modify, transmit, sell, exploit, create derivative works from, incorporate into other works, distribute, and/or digitally perform or publicly perform or display such content, in whole or in part, in any manner or medium, now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose.
This license is non-exclusive, except that you agree that Greater Goods shall have the exclusive right to practice this license to the extent of combining your posted content with the posted content of other website users for the purposes of constructing or populating a database for the benefit of any party which may be authorized by Greater Goods.In connection with the exercise of such rights, you grant Greater Goods, and anyone authorized by Greater Goods, the right to identify you as the author of any of your postings or submissions by name, e-mail address or screen name, as we deem appropriate.
Greater Goods is under no obligation to give credit or pay any consideration for your posted content.

14.
Product Descriptions

Greater Goods works hard to be as accurate as possible.
However, we do not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free.
If a product offered by Greater Goods itself is not as described completely, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition.

15.
How to Contact Us

If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about this privacy policy, please refer to the “Contact Us” page.
We are glad to hear any suggestions from you.

16.
Changes to this Policy

Please refer to this privacy policy periodically for any variations.
We may email periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check this page frequently to see recent changes.
Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account.
We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.

17.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability

All information, content, materials, products (including software) and services included on or otherwise made available to you through Greater Goods are provided by Greater Goods on an "as is" and "as available" basis, unless otherwise specified in writing.
Greater Goods makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of Greater Goods or the information, content, materials, products (including software) or services included on or otherwise made available to you through Greater Goods, unless otherwise specified in writing.
You expressly agree that your use of Greater Goods is at your sole risk.To the full extent permissible by applicable law, Greater Goods disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
Greater Goods does not warrant that Greater Goods.
information, content, materials, products (including software) or services included on or otherwise made available to you through Greater Goods.
their servers.
or e-mail sent from Greater Goods are free of viruses or other harmful components.
Greater Goods will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site or from any information, content, materials, products (including software) or services included on or otherwise made available to you through Greater Goods, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages, unless otherwise specified in writing.Certain state laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages.
If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply to you, and you might have additional rights


Date updated: June 7, 2018
