
         Grey Arrows Drone Club UK 
About
FAQ
Terms of Service
Privacy


 What information do we collect? We collect information from you when you register on our site and gather data when you participate in the forum by reading, writing, and evaluating the content shared here.
When you visit our site we use a third party service provider, Google, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns.
We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site.
This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone.
We do not make any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
When registering on our site, you may be asked to enter your name and e-mail address.
You may, however, visit our site without registering.
Your e-mail address will be verified by an email containing a unique link.
If that link is visited, we know that you control the e-mail address.
When registered and posting, we record the IP address that the post originated from.
We also may retain server logs which include the IP address of every request to our server.

 What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:

To personalize your experience — your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve our site — we continually strive to improve our site offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To send periodic emails — The email address you provide may be used to send you information, notifications that you request about changes to topics or in response to your user name, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.


 How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.

 What is your data retention policy? We will make a good faith effort to:

Retain server logs containing the IP address of all requests to this server no more than 90 days.
Retain the IP addresses associated with registered users and their posts no more than 5 years.


 Do we use cookies? Yes.
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow).
These cookies enable the site to recognise your browser and, if you have a registered account, associate it with your registered account.
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors.
We use cookies to provide both personalised and non-personalised advertising via a third party vendor, Google (Google Advertising Products).

 Do we disclose any information to outside parties? Google (in particular, Google Advertising Products) will have access to some data that we collect.
This is to provide the personalisation of adverts and cookies and may be further used for personalised and non-personalised advertising.
You can view Google’s Privacy and Terms policies at https://policies.google.com/
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to protect ours or others rights.

 Third party links Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our site.
These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies.
We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.

 Online Privacy Policy Only This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our site and not to information collected offline.

 Your Consent By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.

 Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
This document is CC-BY-SA.
It was last updated 23rd February 2022.

 Home 
 Categories 
 FAQ/Guidelines 
 Terms of Service 
 Privacy Policy 

Powered by Discourse, best viewed with JavaScript enabled
