
         Oh no, we can’t open that page.
You appear to have Javascript turned off. Please visit your browser settings to enable Javascript.
Skip to main content View our accessibility policy About About Grove About Grove Beauty How It Works FAQ Contact Us Hello, Friend Log In Cart Recently added to your cart View Cart Household › Personal Care › Baby &amp.
Kids › Pet › Clean Beauty › Discover › Offer Free gift set &amp.
free shipping w/first order! × You unlocked your bonus gift! Cleaner Concentrate 1pk + Reusable Spray Bottle with Silicone Sleeve Check Out &amp.
Get Free Gifts Keep Shopping 150+ natural and sustainable brands – shipped right to your door  Choose from 2,000+ products rated 4 stars &amp.
up, all backed by our Happiness Guarantee.
 Grove Collaborative Privacy Policy 
Effective Date: January 25, 2021

 Grove Collaborative operates an ecommerce service and related services through grove.com, grove.co, mobile applications, and related sites accessible to mobile devices, tablets, and other connected devices (collectively, the “Grove Collaborative Services” or “Services”).
As used in this policy, “Grove Collaborative” refers to Grove Collaborative, Inc.
and its subsidiaries.
We may refer to Grove Collaborative as “we”, “us”, or “our”.
We may refer to you as “customer”, “you”, or “your”.

 This privacy policy describes the information that we gather from you, how we use and disclose that information, and the ways in which you can control how we use and share it.
By using our Service, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agreed to the terms of this privacy policy.

 This privacy policy is incorporated into and is subject to the Grove Collaborative Terms of Use.
Please make sure that you have carefully read and understand the Grove Collaborative Terms of Use before you use our Service.
Capitalized terms that are not defined in the privacy policy have the meaning given to them in the Grove Collaborative Terms of Use.
 TYPE OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT Information That You Give Us Directly  We receive and store any information you enter into the Service.
You may choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to use the Service or take advantage of many of our features.
You provide most of this information when you interact with the Service.
Some examples of this type of information are below.


 When you create an account or login to your account, the information that we request such as your first and last name, email address, shipping address, billing address, phone number, and password.

 When you order products on our Service, the information necessary to complete the transaction, such as your name, items purchased, special instructions, date and time of order, purchase price information, credit card information, billing information and shipping information.

 When you interact with certain Service features, the information that you provide during that interaction, such as (i) product reviews, (ii) information required to participate in one of our surveys, sweepstakes, giveaways, contests, customer panels, or other programs, and (iii) information required to verify your identity.
Please do not post or add personal information to your reviews.

 When you contact us, the information that you provide and the information that we need in order to respond such as your name, email address, your message to us, and our response.

 When you visit us at our offices or locations, information that you provide, such as your name and email address and information gathered from security surveillance.

 Information Collected Automatically  When you use the Service, we collect information automatically to help us operate and improve the Service, such as the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet.
device data, login.
email address.
password.
computer and connection information such as browser type, version, and time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform.
the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL).
clickstream to, through, and from any of our Internet web sites, including date and time.
cookie number.
products you viewed or searched for.
and the phone number you used to call our 800 number.
We may also use browser data such as cookies, Flash cookies (also known as Flash Local Shared Objects), or similar technologies on certain parts of our website for fraud prevention and other purposes.
For details about how we use these technologies, and your opt-out opportunities and other options, please see our Cookie Policy.
We receive information from you, and third-parties that helps us approximate your location.
During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
We may also collect technical information to help us identify your device for fraud prevention and diagnostic purposes.
 Information from Other Sources  We may receive or collect information about you from third parties and combine and store it on our servers with other information we may have already received or collected from you.
We may store this information or combine it with information we collect in other ways.
Some examples include: 

 Service partners that provide or make available advertising, features and functionality, and content on or through the Service.

 Partners that collect and maintain information on their customers.
These partners may provide Grove Collaborative with certain information about those customers for the purposes of serving advertisements and/or marketing offers to their customers on the Grove Collaborative Service.

 Marketing companies and data providers that create, maintain, and distribute professional marketing lists or segments, or maintain and distribute other marketing, or similar information.

 Governmental or quasi-governmental agencies or organizations that provide or make available, to the public, census and demographic data.

 Third-party social media websites, applications, or services that you use, when we allow those websites, applications, or services to interact through the Service to provide personalized services to you.
In some cases, those websites, applications, or services may automatically provide us with information about you to facilitate personalization unless you use the controls available on those websites, applications, or services to opt-out of such sharing.

 HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT  We use your personal information in ways that help us operate and improve the Service.
Some examples include: 

 To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.

 To fulfill your requests or to meet the reason you provided the information.
For example, if you share your name and contact information to ask a question about our products or Service, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry.
If you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery.
We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns.

 To personalize and provide the Service, such as to identify you as a customer, to establish and maintain your account, to remember your information so that you do not have to re-enter it, to provide the transactions that you request, to assess the current and future needs of your household, to process and fulfill your orders, provide refunds.

 To contact you for administrative purposes, legal purposes, and certain Service-related purposes, such as to send you emails, text messages, or other communications about your orders, customer support requests, and products and services that we believe may interest you.

 To contract or partner with third parties to provide specialized services on our behalf, such as development, hosting, analytics, maintenance, payment processing, products, shipping, message delivery, payment processors, customer support, ad servers or other providers of advertising services, platform technology providers, bulk email processors, parties who assist us with sweepstakes management and prize fulfillment, and other services relating to the operation of the Service.

 To test, research, and analyze our Services.

 To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Service, databases and other technology assets, and business.

 To execute any other purpose disclosed to you at the time we collect or receive the information, or otherwise with your consent.

 WHEN WE DISCLOSE THE INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT  We disclose your personal information for business purposes, which may include disclosure to third parties that help us perform the Service, are necessary to our business operations or that you designate to receive such information, including other websites, social media platforms, other individuals, and other businesses.
For example, we may disclose your personal information to: 

 Service providers who provide specialized services on our behalf such as development, hosting, analytics, maintenance, payment processing, products, shipping, message delivery, text messaging, customer support, ad servers or other providers of advertising services, platform technology providers, bulk email processors, parties who assist us with sweepstakes management and prize fulfillment, and other services relating to the operation of the Service.

 Third party payment processors who process your payment when you make a purchase on the Service.
We rely on these third parties (such as Paypal and Stripe) for payment and financial information you provide to pay for your purchases is collected and processed directly by them.
The terms and policies regarding the security practices of and use of your information by the payment processors is governed by the terms and conditions of these third parties, and we encourage you to read their terms carefully before submitting your information.

 Other parties that we think are necessary to: (i) take precautions against liability.
(ii) protect Grove Collaborative and others from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses or activity.
(iii) investigate and defend ourselves against any third party claims or allegations.
(iv) protect the security or integrity of the Service.
and/or (v) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Grove Collaborative, our users, or others.
We may also disclose your information if required to do so by law or if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws.
in response to a court order, judicial or other government subpoena or warrant.
or to otherwise cooperate with law enforcement activity.


 We can also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events.
Any other entity which buys Grove Collaborative or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your information, but only in the manner set out in this privacy policy unless you agree otherwise.
 Links to Third Party Services  The Service may also contain features or links to websites and services provided by third parties that we do not operate and are outside of our control.
Any personal information you provide on these third party sites or services is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party's policies, if any, governing privacy and security, even if accessed through the Service.
Please exercise caution and review their applicable privacy and security policies before providing them with personal information.
 Our Commitment To Children's Privacy  We do not knowingly allow children under 13 years of age to use the Service or knowingly collect or maintain personal information from persons under 13 years of age.
If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use or access the Service at any time or in any manner.
If a child under 13 submits personal information to Grove Collaborative and we learn that the personal information is the information of a child under 13, we will attempt to delete the information as soon as possible.
If you believe that we might have any personal information from a child under 13, please contact us at legal@grove.co.
 Our Commitment To Data Security  We use certain physical, managerial, and technical safeguards that are designed to improve the integrity and security of your personal information.
We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or store on the Service and you do so at your own risk.
We also cannot guarantee that such information will not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
 If we learn of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps.
We may post a notice through the Service if a security breach occurs.
Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
To receive a free written notice of any security breaches, you should notify us at at support@grove.co.
 California Residents  If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) grants you certain rights related to your information.
They are summarized below.


Right to Know: You may ask us for a copy of your personal data collected over the past 12 months and for information about how we collect, use, disclose, and sell it.

Right to Deletion: You may ask us to delete any personal data.
If you delete your personal data, you will permanently lose access to your account and the information in your account.
We may save personal data when permitted by applicable law or for business purposes including, without limitation, when the information is needed to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, meet requirements of our business operations, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse, enforce our Terms of Service, fulfill your request to “unsubscribe” from further messages from us, or confirm that we have deleted your data.
We retain de-personalized information after your account has been closed.
Any information that you posted in product reviews, including your first name and last initial will remain visible on the Service.
We cannot disclose or delete specific pieces of personal information if the disclosure would create a substantial, articulable, and unreasonable risk to the security of the personal information, your account with us or the security of our systems.

Right to Correction: You may modify certain details of your personal information by logging into our Service and using your username and password and visiting the “Account” page.

 Do Not Sell: Notice of Sale and Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Your Personal Information: Grove Collaborative does not sell, in the traditional sense of the word, or rent personal information to third parties.
We do, however, share your personal information as we describe in this privacy policy to make the Service available to you.
Some of the disclosures we have made over the past 12 months may be considered a "sale" under the CCPA.
For example, we may disclose information to advertising partners, advertising technology companies, and companies that perform advertising-related services in order to improve the relevance of our advertising and marketing.

 You have the Right to Opt-Out of these disclosures.
To exercise this right, please submit a request by clicking here.
Please note that any request to opt-out may take a few days to become effective, but will be handled within the timeframe permitted by law.
Once your opt out request is processed, it will apply on a going forward basis with respect to our disclosure of information.
Although we will not sell your personal data (as those terms are defined in the CCPA) after you submit a “Right to Opt Out”, we will continue to share some personal data with service providers.
These service providers help us perform a host of services, including, but not limited to, analytic-related functions such as measuring our website performance, ensuring services are working correctly and securely, providing aggregate statistics and analytics, communicating directly with users and/or reducing fraud.

Right to Non-Discrimination: Grove Collaborative will not discriminate against customers who exercise their rights.
Specifically, if you exercise your rights, we will not deny you access to the site or Services, charge you different prices or rates for products or Services or provide you a different level or quality of products or Services.


 You can learn more about how to make these requests by clicking here, or contacting us at dataprivacy@grove.co, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
In order to complete your request, you must confirm your identity.
If you request to opt-out of sales of your personal data, you will be directed to verify your identity before completing your request.
If you choose to exercise another right under the CCPA, you will be directed to verify your identity by logging into your account.

 Below is a summary of the personal information we collected from consumers over the past 12 months, the reason we collected the personal information, where we obtained the personal information we collected, and the third parties with whom we may share consumer personal information.
The section references relate to the sections above in this Policy.
 Type of Information Sources of Information How We Use Information How We Share Information Identifiers (such as a name, address, unique personal identifier, email, phone number) Type Of Information We Collect  Category of Use of Cookies How We Use The Information That We Collect  Description When We Disclose The Information That We Collect Customer records such account and password Information Type Of Information We Collect  How We Use The Information That We Collect  When We Disclose The Information That We Collect Commercial information such as records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered Type Of Information We Collect  Category of Use of Cookies How We Use The Information That We Collect  Description When We Disclose The Information That We Collect Third Party Cookies Internet/electronic activity Type Of Information We Collect  Category of Use of Cookies How We Use The Information That We Collect  Description When We Disclose The Information That We Collect Links to Third Party Services Third Party Cookies Geolocation Type Of Information We Collect  Category of Use of Cookies How We Use The Information That We Collect  Description When We Disclose The Information That We Collect Third Party Cookies Demographic Information Type Of Information We Collect  How We Use The Information That We Collect  When We Disclose The Information That We Collect Sensory data, such as audio, electronic, visual, or other similar information Type Of Information We Collect  Category of Use of Cookies How We Use The Information That We Collect  Description When We Disclose The Information That We Collect Third Party Cookies Inferences about preferences, characteristics Type Of Information We Collect  Category of Use of Cookies How We Use The Information That We Collect  Description When We Disclose The Information That We Collect Third Party Cookies Nevada Residents  Nevada residents may have the right to request opt-out of the sale of personal information that we may collect through our websites or online applications.
If you are a Nevada resident and wish to make this request, contact support@grove.co. International visitors  The Service is hosted in the United States and is intended solely for visitors located within the United States.
If you choose to use the Service from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S.
law, then please note that you are transferring your personally identifiable information outside of those regions to the United States for storage and processing, and by providing your personally identifiable information on the Service you consent to that transfer, storage, and processing.
Please note that the United States does not have the same data protection laws as the European Union and other regions.
 Changes and updates to this Privacy Policy  Please revisit this page periodically to stay aware of any changes to this Privacy Policy.
If we modify this Privacy Policy, we will make the modified version available through the Service and update the last updated data above.
In the event that the modifications materially alter your rights or obligations hereunder, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the change.
Our amended Privacy Policy will automatically take effect 30 days after it is made available through the Service, and if you do not agree with any changes to the Privacy Policy, you may terminate your account and stop using the Service.
Your continued use of the Service after the revised Privacy Policy has become effective indicates that you have read, understood and agreed to the then-current version of the Privacy Policy.

Our contact information
 Please contact us with any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, your Personal Information, our use and disclosure practices, or your consent choices by e-mail at dataprivacy@grove.co.
You may also contact us at the following address: Grove Collaborative, Inc. 1301 Sansome Street San Francisco, CA 94111
 Try Grove today Join thousands of happy customers creating a healthier home Claim My Offer Or Log In By submitting your email, you accept Grove’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Use .
Shop 
 Household 
 Personal Care 
 Baby &amp.
Kids 
 Pet 
 Discover 
 About 
 FAQ 
 About Grove 
 Contact Us 
 Careers (We're hiring!) 
 Partner Program 
 Press 
 Values 
 The Grove Standard 
 Sustainability 
 Beyond Plastic 
 Happiness Guarantee 

Certified B Corp

 Follow Grove 
 Facebook 
 Instagram 
 Twitter 
 Pinterest 
 ©2021 Grove Collaborative, Inc.
CA Supply Chain Act Privacy Policy Terms of Use Policies &amp.
Disclosures Notice to California Consumers: For your opt-out options, see: Do Not Sell My Personal Information 
      