
        Control your personal information at GrubhubUnderstand your options for controlling the way your personal information is used.
What does “Do Not Sell My Info” mean?The law broadly defines “sell” to include many different types of data sharing with third parties.
While Grubhub may share your personal information with select third parties, we are not in the business of compiling and selling our diners’ personal information to third parties (e.g.
data brokers or other data resellers).Does Grubhub actually “sell” my personal information? As explained above, we do not “sell” your information in the traditional sense of the word.
Instead, we use it to connect you with restaurants partners where you have previously placed orders so that they can communicate directly with you and share exclusive offers with you.
The data-sharing relationship we have with this limited set of restaurant partners are considered “sales” under the law.What happens if I opt out of data sales?If you opt out, Grubhub will stop disclosing your personal information to our restaurant partners, and you will miss out on deals and offers those restaurant partners might otherwise communicate to you.
If you place an order with that restaurant partner, we will share your personal information as needed for operational purposes only, such as completing your order.
Once you opt out of data sales, you will be unable to opt back in.

What part of my experience doesn't change?Opting out of data sales with Grubhub does not have any effect on:Grubhub marketing communicationsTo stop receiving marketing communications from Grubhub, please follow the unsubscribe instructions in those emails or texts, or change communications preferences in your account settings.
Previous data salesIf we previously disclosed your personal information to a third party before receiving your opt-out request, that third party may continue to use your personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies.
For example, if we shared your information with one of our restaurant partners and they added you to their restaurant email distribution list, you will continue to receive those emails unless or until you unsubscribe from that restaurant partner.Other disclosures for business purposesWe may disclose information to third parties including Grubhub vendors and service providers for business purposes such as fraud detection, care support, error tracking, and any other function required for the operation of our service, as permitted by law and your applicable account settings.Online advertisingLike most online services, we work with third parties to advertise and market on our services and elsewhere based on your online activity.
These third parties may collect information directly from your browser or device when you visit our site or use our mobile apps.
To learn more about online advertising and your choices, please review our About Our Ads policy.I have read what it means to opt out.Continue to opt-out

