
We value your privacy.
This Privacy Policy describes the information collected from you when you visit the website guestreservations.com (the “Site”) and how Guest Reservations (“Guest Reservations,” “we,” or “us”) uses that information.
You agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy by visiting the Site. Children Guest Reservations does not seek to collect personal information about children under 13 through the Site, and you must be 18 or older to use the Site.
We may collect information from parents with their verified consent about reservation plans for their families.
If we learn and have actual knowledge of a child providing information through the Site, we will delete such information as soon as possible.
Given the foregoing, and because we do not seek to collect information about children, we typically retain no information about children that could be reviewed.
We will honor requests by a parent or guardian to review or delete information about their child. Security We use procedural and technical safeguards to protect your personal information against loss or theft as well as unauthorized access and disclosure to protect your privacy, including monitoring for intrusion attempts, encryption technology, “firewalls,” Secure Socket Layers (SSL), and security audits and inspections.
We treat data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access.
When setting up an account, your information is stored behind a secure server via multiple encryption methods as well as a Secure Socket Layer on the site.
Information stored on the server is only available to a select number of people that have access to these records.
The privacy of communication over the internet cannot be guaranteed because the internet is not a secure medium.
Guest Reservations does not assume any responsibility for any harm, loss, or damage you may experience or incur by the sending of personal or confidential information over the internet by or to Guest Reservations.
If you have any questions about the security of our website, you can send an e-mail to us through our contact page. Information Collected We collect two kinds of information from visitors to the Site, personal and non-personal information.
Personal information includes, for example: name, email address, and physical address, including city and state.
Non-personal information includes, for example: search preferences, product searches, merchant searches, and general demographics.
Our primary purpose in collecting personal and non-personal information is to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, and customized experience.
This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our service to make your experience safer and easier.
We only collect information about you that we consider necessary for achieving this purpose.
In general, you can browse the Site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself.
Once you give us your personal information, you are no longer anonymous to us.
If you choose to use our services, we may require you to provide contact and identity information, billing information, and other personal information as indicated on the forms throughout the Site.
Where possible, we indicate which fields are required and which fields are optional.
You always have the option to not provide information by choosing not to use a particular service or feature.
Technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags, and scripts are used by Guest Reservations and our affiliates, analytics providers, or our online customer support provider.
These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
We use cookies, including “necessary,” “preferences,” “analytics and performance,” and “advertising” cookies, some of which may be third-party cookies, for the reasons outlined in this Privacy Policy, including for keeping the Site functioning and for security, current and historical search information, authentication and affiliate source, analyzing aggregate user behavior, and sending personalized advertisements of interest to users.
Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level.
If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our site may be limited or not available.
We partner with a third-party ad network to either display advertising on our Site or to manage our advertising on other sites.
Our ad network partner uses cookies and web beacons to collect non-personal information about your activities on this and other websites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.
If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt out by emailing us.
Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising.
You will continue to receive generic ads and non-marketing communications.
For more information about cookies and opting out, please visit https://www.allaboutcookies.org/, www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices, www.networkadvertising.org/choices, and www.aboutads.info/choices.

 We also gather certain information automatically and store it in log files.
This information includes the IP addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you.
We use this information to review trends, to administer our website, to track users’ movements around the Site and to gather demographic information about our customers.

If you have chosen to receive marketing messages from us about our products and services, we may use information from our log files, cookies, or pixel tags to help us make those communications more useful to you.
We also get information from your transactions with us, our affiliates, or non-affiliated third parties, such as account activity and your purchase information.
We also use information from third parties, including public information, such as verification services and consumer reporting agencies (to comply with regulatory requirements, ensure data accuracy, and prevent fraud, for example), or from other sources.
We use this information to develop, offer, and deliver our products and services, to process transactions in your accounts, and to obey legal and regulatory requirements.
We limit the collection and use of customer information to the minimum we require to deliver great service to our customers (including telling our customers about our hotel reservation services, deals, and other opportunities through email) and to run our business. Retention of Information We will retain your personal information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
We will retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
We are based in the United States, and your personal information may be transferred to and controlled in the United States and Canada, regardless of where you are located.
 Use of Information Guest Reservations is an independent travel network with over 100,000 hotels.
We aggregate deals for users by connecting to these different hotels.
When you search for or book a reservation, your information is transferred to companies related to our platform, including the respective hotel(s) where you book, as necessary and in order to provide and fulfill your booking requests.
In other words, you are using the Site to transfer your information to and to interact with these third parties, and we use your personal information to facilitate the services you request.
We do not transfer or disclose your personal information to third parties absent this use or direction by you.
Your personal information is not sold.
We use your personal information in the file we maintain about you, and other information we obtain from your current and past activities on the Site, to measure interest in the third-party products and services we offer.
inform you via email about special offers, products, services, and updates.
customize your experience.
detect and protect us against error, fraud, and other criminal activity.
and enforce our terms and conditions of the Site’s use.
We also use your information to provide customer support, prevent fraud, create reports for analytics and business reporting, facilitate asset transactions, and otherwise comply with legal obligations.
At times, we may look across multiple users to identify problems and in particular we may examine your personal information to identify users using multiple Customer IDs or aliases.
We may compare and review your personal information for errors, omissions, and for accuracy.
By continuing to use the Site, you agree that we may use personal information about you to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to analyze site usage, improve our content and product offerings, and customize the Site’s content, layout, and services.
These uses improve the Site and better tailor it to meet your needs, so as to provide you with a smooth, efficient, safe, and customized experience while using the Site.
You agree that we may use, with your permission via the “My Reservations” tab, your personal information to contact you and deliver information to you that, in some cases, is targeted to your interests, such as targeted banner advertisements, administrative notices, product and services offerings of Guest Reservations or third parties, and communications relevant to your use of the Site.
By opting in to receive this communication on the “My Reservations” tab of our Site, you expressly agree to receive this information.
If you do not wish to receive these communications, we encourage you to opt out of the receipt of certain communications under the notification preferences on the “My Reservations” tab of our Site.
You may make changes to your notification preferences on the “My Reservations” tab at any time or you may contact a customer service representative through our contact page.
We reserve the right to send you specific administrative notices that are required by law, regulation, or as needed to service your account.
We may use your personal information to send marketing emails to you.
If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional email communications, you may opt out of receiving them by following instructions in each email, by going to your “My Reservations” tab, by emailing us through our contact page, or by calling Customer Service at (866) 238-4218.
Our legitimate interests in using and disclosing your information are the purposes listed above.
 Disclosure of Your Information If you do not want us to share your personal information with these companies, contact us through our contact page or at the contact information listed below.
However, the following describes some of the ways that your personal information may be disclosed in the normal scope of business to provide you with the ability to order the third-party products and services offered through the Site.

Advertisers.
We aggregate (gather up data across all user accounts) personal information and disclose such information in a non-personally identifiable manner to advertisers and other third parties for their marketing and promotional purposes.
However, in these situations, we do not disclose to these entities any information that could be used to identify you personally.
Certain information, such as your name, email address, and password are not disclosed to these third parties in a personally identifiable manner without your explicit consent.
We collect booking information via our forms that include the collection of personal and financial information.
Some of these transaction pages may not appear on guestreservations.com pages and we do not control the privacy of the information given on these pages.
Once the user submits the info, payment is made and verified, the booking is confirmed and removed from our inventory and passed on to the third-party vendor booking the travel.
The booking info then gets passed along to the third party for fulfillment.
We do collect payment and verify credit card info to complete the booking, but we act only as the booking agent.
The third party will receive the confirmation request from the guest for the reservation and then their privacy policy would be in effect.
We do not have any control over the third-party use of information or their privacy policies.
Guest Reservations is disclosing this information to users so that they have the option to not do business on the Site.
Because we do not control the privacy practices of these third parties, you should evaluate their practices before deciding to book with such lodging establishments.
We may share information with our service providers that is in aggregate form or as otherwise necessary to fulfill your requests.
We may from time to time contract with third parties to handle surveys on the site.
Upon completion of these projects, all information is returned to us.
These companies that act as our service providers are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.

Legal Requests.
Guest Reservations cooperates with law enforcement bodies, as well as other third parties, for law enforcement purposes, to protect intellectual property rights, and to help protect you and our other customers from bad actors.
Therefore, in response to a verified request by law enforcement or other government officials relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose your name, city, state, telephone number, email address, and Customer ID history without a subpoena.
Without limiting the above, in an effort to respect your privacy and our ability to keep the community free from bad actors, we will not otherwise disclose your personal information to law enforcement or other government officials without a subpoena, court order, or substantially similar legal procedure, except when we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss or report suspected illegal activity.
If Guest Reservations is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
We may also disclose your personal information to any other third party with your prior consent.
Due to the existing regulatory environment, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
By way of example (without limiting the foregoing), we may be forced to disclose personal information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or users may abuse or misuse your personal information that they collect from the Site.
Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private. Testimonials We display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our Site in addition to other endorsements.
By posting public content about us, you consent that we may post your testimonial along with your name.
If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us through our contact page. Social Media Widgets Our Site includes social media features, such as the Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram buttons (individually and collectively, “Features” and “Social Media Features”, respectively).
These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly.
Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site.
Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. Other Websites Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you.
This Site contains links to other websites.
Please be aware that Guest Reservations is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites, even if they link from the Site.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our Site to read the privacy policy of each and every website that collects personal information.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by this Site.
To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties, whether they are third-party providers of products or services, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them.
Since Guest Reservations does not control the privacy policies of third parties, you are subject to the privacy policies of that third party.
We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others. Your Rights You have a right to request that the personal information we’ve collected from you be corrected, updated, or deleted.
You may also have the right to access information about the personal information we’ve collected from you.
Please contact us using the contact information given below if you would like to correct, update, delete, or access your personal information.
If you are a California resident, please also review the additional provisions below. Basis for Processing We use your personal information to provide our services to you, and for other legitimate business purposes as set forth herein.
Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
If the GDPR applies to you, our basis for processing your information includes: Art.
6(1) lit.
a-d, f GDPR.
We may process your personal data because:

We need to perform a contract with you;
You have given us permission to do so;
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it is not overridden by your rights;
For payment processing purposes.
and
To comply with the law.
 California Residents We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT").
Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the preferences or settings page of your web browser.
A business subject to California Civil Code Section 1798.83 is required to disclose to its California customers, upon request, the identity of any third parties to whom the business has disclosed personal information within the previous calendar year, along with the type of personal information disclosed, for the third parties' direct marketing purposes.
If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing using the contact information below.
California Civil Code Section 1789.100, also known as the “CCPA,” allows California residents to request to access all information that Guest Reservations has collected and retained about you, for the past 12 months and under certain circumstances, for the purposes of correcting, amending, downloading, or deleting such information.
In particular, you have the right to request that Guest Reservations disclose the following: the categories of information we have collected about you.
the categories of sources from which the information is collected.
the business or commercial purpose for collecting the information.
the categories of third parties with whom we share the information.
and the specific pieces of information we have collected about you.
To make a request, please contact us using the contact information below and include your name and the address to which you would like us to respond.
We will attempt to provide you with the requested information within 45 days following receipt of your request.
To protect your privacy and security, we may take reasonable steps to help verify your identify before granting access, making corrections, providing you with information, or deleting information.

Guest Reservations collects personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
In particular, Guest Reservations may collect the following personal information about consumers: Information You Provide to Us: We collect information from you when you voluntarily provide it to us, such as your name, email address, telephone number(s), or address.
Content You Make Public: We may collect information from you that you publicly upload, such as when you post a review or comment.
Transaction and Payment Information: We may gather information from you when you make a reservation through the Site or contact customer service.
Device/Internet Connection Information: When you use the Site, we automatically gather information made available by your web browser, internet service provider, and device, depending on your settings.
Internet Activity Information: We may collect information about your browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with a particular website, application, or advertisement, including the Site.
Geolocation Information: We may collect geolocation information, such as your address or IP address.
and Other/Inference Information: We may collect other information from you, such as when you contact us or if we create a profile using the information obtained above.

Guest Reservations uses the information we’ve collected from you for business purposes, including for security, to fulfill your orders or requests, to improve products and services, to improve the Site, to personalize user experience, to communicate with users, and to create deidentified aggregate information, as well as for commercial purposes, including to advertise to you, to build a profile, and to advertise to others.
Guest Reservations shares your personal information as directed by you, as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
In particular, Guest Reservations may share your personal information to the following third parties: (1) companies related to our booking platform, including the respective hotel with which you book, as mentioned above, (2) service providers that allow us to operate, such as payment processors and customer management, for the foregoing business purposes, (3) affiliated entities and, if any, entities related to any subsequent acquisition, merger, sale, or other change of control, for the foregoing business purposes, (4) government officials and private parties to comply with legal obligations and prevent illegal, fraudulent, or injurious actions, (5) advertising partners, such as through the referenced cookies, for the foregoing commercial purposes, and (6) other consumers to advertise any public content, such as reviews or comments, that you make public.
Guest Reservations does not sell personal information.
 Changes to Privacy Policy We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on the Site.
You are responsible for checking this Privacy Policy when you visit the Site to review the current policy.
All amended terms shall automatically be effective 30 days after they are initially posted on the Site.
Guest Reservations will use the information collected on the Site in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which the information was collected.
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently.
If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our homepage prior to the change becoming effective.
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. How to Contact Us If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy, you should first contact Customer Service through our contact page or call Customer Service at (866) 238-4218.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact us.
This Privacy Policy was updated Oct 25, 2020.
