
         BACK Privacy Statement Effective Date: Aug 1st, 2018  (we”, “us”, or “our”) is committed to respecting your privacy.
We have developed this Privacy Statement (this “Statement”) to describe how we may collect information about you through your online interactions with us and use of our website www.gutterprotectiondeals.com (the “Website”), how we use information, and how and under what circumstances we share that information.

 When you affirmatively submit information to us or through the Website (“Users”), you consent to the collection and processing of your information as described in this Statement.
Those that do not affirmatively submit information to us or through the Website (“Visitors”) also consent to the collection and processing of information as described herein.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY PART OF THIS STATEMENT, THEN PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITE OR SUBMIT INFORMATION TO US.

 We may change this Statement.
The “Effective Date” legend at the top of the page indicates when this Statement was last revised.
Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Statement on the Website.
Your continued use of the Website following these changes means that you accept the revised Statement.
 1.
Information We Collect  THE WEBSITE IS INTENDED FOR U.S.
USERS AND VISITORS ONLY.
WE DO NOT KNOWINGLY COLLECT OR PROCESS DATA OF PERSONS LOCATED IN THE EUROPEAN UNION.

 We collect information that personally identifies individual Users (“Personal Information”).
This information is collected directly from you when you voluntarily request information from us, supply information through the Website (including any and all materials submitted by you when you fill out a form), interact with the Website, or respond to a questionnaire or inquiry.

 “Personal Information” means name, email, phone number and zip code.
Such information may be transferred to Third-Parties for reporting and content delivery purposes, so that we may serve you with targeted advertisements and/or for purposes outlined elsewhere herein.

 We and/or Third-Parties may also collect information from Users and Visitors that does not, on its own, identify a specific individual.
If we link this information with the Personal Information of Users in a way that renders it individually identifiable, we will treat it as Personal Information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Statement.

 “User Data” means information about you and/or your device, other than Personal Information, which includes, device ID, IP address, regional location, service provider, unique identifiers, device types, operating system used, browser type, clickstream data, information about the websites you visit and the date/time of such access, how you interact with the Website, user agent string, click data, referring URL, etc.
User Data may be transferred to Third-Parties for reporting and content delivery purposes, so that we may serve Users and Visitors with targeted advertisements and/or for purposes outlined elsewhere herein.

 Please note that we may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Website.
For example, we may collect information about you from sources such as social media, our business partners, vendors, subcontractors, other advertising companies and publicly available sources.

 This Website originates in the United States and is intended for U.S.-based Visitors and Users, only.
 2.
Use of Information  Use of Personal Information.
We and Third-Parties may use Personal Information of Users to establish and manage business relations with you.
to notify you of changes or updates to features of the Website.
to provide you with the services you request.
to respond to inquiries/requests and comments from you.
to determine what content is most relevant to you.
to send you first and third-party promotional marketing communication, including but not limited to, via email and display advertisements.
to send you newsletters and information about our products, services and promotions, as well as the products, services and promotions of our business partners and affiliates.
for operational and personalization purposes to give each user a more consistent and personalized experience when interacting with us.
for customer service, security, to detect fraud or illegal activities, and to enforce our other applicable policies.
to prevent or investigate activity we think may be potentially illegal, unlawful or harmful.
for archival and backup purposes.
to better understand how you access and use the Website.
for the purposes of trying to improve the Website, diagnose problems and respond to User preferences.
and for business purposes such as marketing and research.
As set forth above, Personal Information may be transferred to Third-Parties for reporting and content delivery purposes and/or so that we may serve Users with targeted advertisements.

 Use of User Data.
We and Third-Parties may automatically collect and use User Data from Users and Visitors to determine what content is most relevant to our Users and Visitors.
to send Users and Visitors first and third-party promotional marketing communications, including, but not limited to, via display advertisements.
for operational and personalization purposes to give each User and Visitor a more consistent and personalized experience when interacting with us.
for customer service, security, to detect fraud or illegal activities, and to enforce our other applicable policies.
to prevent or investigate activity we think may be potentially illegal, unlawful or harmful.
for archival and backup purposes.
to better understand how you, as a User or Visitor, access and use the Website.
for the purposes of trying to improve the Website, diagnose problems and respond to your preferences.
for business purposes such as marketing and research.
and for analytical and/or real-time tracking purposes.
As set forth above, User Data may be transferred to Third-Parties for reporting content delivery purposes and/or so that we may serve Visitors with targeted advertisements.

 Please note that we may track the activities of Users and Visitors over time and across other websites in order to serve you with targeted advertisements.
 We will not rent or sell your Personal Information or User Data to any company other than LeafFilter, Inc., for any reason whatsoever, without your consent.
You may opt-out of receiving promotional emails and marketing communications from us by following the instructions in those emails, by emailing us at privacy@gutterprotectiondeals.com or by clicking here  As set forth and in addition to the above, we may share the Personal Information and User Data we collect from Users and Visitors, as follows or as otherwise described in this Statement, with vendors, subcontractors, agents, consultants, ad server companies and other service providers (“Third-Parties”) that may require access to such information to carry out work or perform services on our behalf, including, without limitation, displaying targeted behavioral advertising based upon your web browsing activity, sending commercial email, managing and updating customer lists, developing and delivering targeted advertising, providing analytics and site usage information, processing transactions and payments, administering our promotions and surveys.
providing other marketing and promotional assistance, and providing other services related to the operation of our business.
Third-Parties may require Personal Information and User Data to perform their functions on our behalf or to permit us to perform our functions.
These companies and individuals have agreed to keep such Personal Information and User Data confidential.

 Note that we may also share any/all information gathered on or via this Website: (i) in response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, rule, regulation or legal process.
(ii) if we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, or to protect our rights, property or safety, or others’.
(iii) in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company.
(iv) between and among us and any current or future parent, subsidiary and/or affiliated company.
and (v) with your consent or at your direction.

 We may also share de-identified or aggregated Personal Information and/or User Data, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you (“Aggregated Data”).
For example, we may share Aggregated Data with advertisers that partner with us to help them understand how well their advertisements performed.
 3.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies We Use to Collect Information  We, like many companies, use cookies and similar technologies such as web beacons (“Cookies”) to collect User Data and enhance Users’ and Visitors’ experience with the Website.
These technologies are small text files that allow us to store Cookies on your mobile device or computer hard drive so that we can recognize your browser and capture certain User Data, such as browsing history and activities conducted while using the Website.
Web beacons are electronic images that may be used to perform a variety of functions, including delivering Cookies, counting visits and understanding usage.
Cookies enable us to tailor recommendations and promoted content to your preferences over time, and to remember the location or specific webpage you have visited so the next time you return to our Website you do not have to select that location or webpage again.
For example, we may use your User Data to show you specific recommendations and sponsored recommendations that we think will be of particular interest to you.
You can adjust how your Internet browser (like Chrome or Safari) responds to cookies (e.g., to warn you every time a cookie is sent, or to turn off all cookies).
See your browser’s Help menu for these instructions.
Most web browsers are set to accept Cookies by default.
If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser Cookies.
Please note that if you choose to remove or reject Cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of some websites.
By disabling your Cookies, please understand you may not have access to some of the features that enhance your user experience.
For more information about Cookies, and how to disable them, please see “Your Choices” below.

 you.
You can adjust how your Internet browser (like Chrome or Safari) responds to cookies (e.g., to warn you every time a cookie is sent, or to turn off all cookies).
See your browser’s Help menu for these instructions.
Most web browsers are set to accept Cookies by default.
If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser Cookies.
Please note that if you choose to remove or reject Cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of some websites.
By disabling your Cookies, please understand you may not have access to some of the features that enhance your user experience.
For more information about Cookies, and how to disable them, please see “Your Choices” below.
 4.
Your Choices  Users may opt out of receiving email advertisements and newsletters from us by clicking the “Opt Out” button at the bottom of this page or by clicking here.
For information about interest-based ads, or to opt-out of having web browsing information used for interest-based advertising purposes by companies that participate in the Digital Adverting Alliance, please visit a and http://optout.aboutads.info/.
If you wish to limit the collection of information for advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests, you may click http://preferences-mgr.truste.com.
To opt-out of targeted advertising on your mobile device, iOS users can click https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT205223 to learn how to limit ad tracking and Android users can click https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en to learn how to opt-out of interest-based ads.
Please note that opting out of interest-based/targeted advertising does not limit all advertising.
You will continue to receive generic advertisements.

 We strive to maintain the accuracy of Personal Information collected.
We will work with you to correct any information you submitted to us upon your request.
If may not always be possible to completely remove or modify information in our databases, although we will make reasonable efforts to do so upon your request.
Users may log-in to their account to modify or delete their Personal Information by logging-in, here.
 5.
Your California Privacy Rights California Residents – Your Additional Privacy Rights
 If you are a California resident, you have a right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third-parties to which the company has disclosed Personal Information, as defined under California Civil Code Section 1798.80(e), during the preceding year for third- party direct marketing purposes.
We will respond to one request per California resident per calendar year, according to California Civil Code Section 1798.83.
You may request this information in writing by contacting us by mail at 60 Railroad Place, Suite 203 Saratoga Springs, NY 12866 or by email at privacy@gutterprotectiondeals.com .
In your request, please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for your response.
Please allow up to thirty (30) days for a response.
 6.
How We Protect the Information We Collect  We implement security measures to maintain the safety of your Personal Information, including storage on a server that requires a 256 bit SSH key, and password access.
However, the security of information transmitted through the internet can never be guaranteed.
We (like all websites) cannot warrant or guarantee 100% security of any information you transmit to us through the Site.
Data is stored in the United States.
 7.
Data Retention  We store Personal Information and User Data for as long as necessary for the purpose(s) for which we originally collected it.
Users may request their data be deleted by emailing privacy@gutterprotectiondeals.com.
Once request is processed we delete any corresponding Personal Information and User Data from our servers and systems, except if we are required by law to retain it.
In addition, when a User deletes their account, we send a request to any relevant Third-Parties to delete any corresponding Personal Information from their servers and systems.
Please note, however, that we do not control the privacy and data practices of Third-Parties.
Notwithstanding a request for deletion, we and/or Third-Parties may retain certain information for legitimate business purposes or as required by law.
 8.
Managing “Do Not Track” Signals  To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Website.
As a result of your visit to our Website, Third-Parties may collect information such as User Data.
For further information, consult the privacy policies of the companies representing the ads and the privacy policies of independent third-party operators.

 Third-Parties may use Flash cookies and HTML5 to collect and store information.
Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5.
To manage Flash cookies, please click here: http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html
 “Do-Not-Track” (“DNT”) is an optional browser setting that allows you to express your preferences regarding tracking by advertisers and other third-parties.
When you choose to turn on the DNT setting in your browser, your browser sends a special signal to websites, ad networks, plug-in providers, and other web services you encounter while browsing to stop tracking your activity via cookies or other tracking technologies.
We and many Third-Parties do not currently respond to Do-Not-Track browser signals or mechanisms.
See the privacy policies of independent operators with respect to how they respond to DNT signals, as their policies may differ from our own.
 9.
Third-Party Links  The Website may contain links to websites or mobile applications maintained by independent operators, including Social Media websites, with which we have no affiliation other than that we may be compensated when you click on a link.
This Statement does not reflect the privacy practices of those websites, and you should carefully consult the privacy policies of those sites to learn about their practices.
A link to any third-party site does not mean that we endorse it or the quality or accuracy of information presented on it.
We are not responsible for any practices employed on third-party websites or applications, including the information and content contained on the website or application.
 10.
Additional Protections for Children  You must be at least 18 years old to obtain use or visit the Website.
The Website is not targeted to children.
We will never knowingly solicit or collect personally identifiable information from a child under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent or unless authorized by law.
If we discover that a child under the age of 13 has submitted personally identifiable information without verifiable parental consent, we will delete that information.
If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child under 13 years old and you believe we have received personal information from your child, please contact us at privacy@gutterprotectiondeals.com to request deletion of that information.
 11.
Contacting Us  If you have questions or comments about this Statement or would like to review, update correct or delete any Personal Information you have provided, please contact us at privacy@gutterprotectiondeals.com.
We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect or misleading.
 12.
Changes to Our Privacy Statement  The Effective Date of this Statement is set forth at the top of this Statement.
We may from time to time make changes to this Statement to reflect changes in legal or regulatory obligations or changes in the manner in which we collect and use Personal Information.
We will notify you by posting the modified Statement, and its effective date, on this page.
For this reason, you should regularly review this Statement and note the effective date.
Your continued use of the Website after the Effective Date constitutes your acceptance of the amended Statement.
The amended Statement supersedes all previous versions.

 Visit our privacy center for more information 
