
        CookiesA cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns.
Hackster uses cookies to help Hackster identify and track visitors, their usage of Hackster's websites, and their website access preferences.
Hackster visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Hackster's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Hackster's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
We use cookies and other tracking technologies for the following purposes:

Assisting you in navigation;
Assisting in registration to our events, login, and your ability to provide feedback;
Analysing your use of our products, services or applications;
Assisting with our promotional and marketing efforts (including behavioural advertising).

Below is a detailed list of the cookies we use on our Websites.
Our Websites are scanned with our cookie scanning tool regularly to maintain a list as accurate as possible.
We classify cookies in the following categories:

Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Third-Party Cookies
Third Party CookiesSome of the cookies used on our website are set by third party organizations that we use for different services like Google Analytics.
We may also sometimes embed video or other content from websites such as YouTube and these sites may set their own cookies.
Further details on the third party cookies we use are included on the list of cookies above.
You can check the relevant third party’s website for more information about their cookie policy.
You can find information about Google's / YouTube's use of cookies here.How do I control my cookies?You have the ability control, accept and decline cookies, if you choose to decline cookies.
you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of our site and any preferences will be lost if you delete cookies.
All recent versions of popular browsers give users a level of control over cookies.
Users can set their browsers to accept or reject all, or certain, cookies.
You should do this through the web browser settings for each web browser you use, and, on each device, you use to access the Internet.
Alternatively, you may wish to visit www.allaboutcookies.org which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wider variety of browsers.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
