
Effective date: December 1st, 2015
Thank you for visiting www.harpermacaw.com (we’ll also go by “Site”, “Harper Macaw”, or “us”).
We want to make sure you understand our Privacy Policy so that you can comfortably enjoy our Site and online shopping experience.
Please know that we have done everything in our power to make sure your transactions with us are secure and private.
Your credit card number and other personal data will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality.
Online Security The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that nomethod of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.
While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Orders placed on our Site are encrypted with SSL technology.
The secure sever software (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us.
This technology can be trusted to send and receive information securely via the Internet.
In order for SSL security to work you must use an SSL-enabled browser.
E-mail is not encrypted and is not a secure means to transmit credit card numbers.
We will only display the last 4 digits of your credit card number when confirming your order.
We are confident that your visit to harpermacaw.com is secure and safe.
If you prefer to place your order over the telephone please call us at (202) 800-0351.
Online Privacy Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site ("Log Data").
This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this information to help us improve your shopping experience.
Harper Macaw does not sell or exchange names or any other information about our customers with third parties.
Changes To This Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy is effective as of December 1st, 2015 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically.
Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at hello@harpermacaw.com.
