
Effective date: December 1st, 2015
Thank you for visiting www.harpermacaw.com (we’ll also go by “Site”, “Harper Macaw”, or “us”).
We want to make sure you understand our Terms &amp.
Conditions to give you a clear and straightforward online shopping experience and relationship with Harper Macaw.
By ordering from Harper Macaw you agree to the following:
Online Store Customers

PAYMENT: The terms of payment are at the sole discretion of Harper Macaw.
Harper Macaw must receive payment prior to our acceptance, processing, and shipping of your order.
We accept purchases with most major credit cards.
By making online orders you agree that the credit card information provided by you is correct and true, and your credit card company will honor that charges incurred.
You are required to pay all charges posted on our website including any applicable taxes.
We accept most major credit cards for purchases.
You represent and warrant that the credit card information you supply to us is true, correct and complete, charges incurred by you will be honored by your credit card company, and you will pay charges incurred by you at the posted prices, including all applicable taxes, if any.

SHIPPING: Unless shipping and handling fees are waved due to meeting an announced total sales figure, the customer is responsible for shipping and handling fees.
We do our best to package our chocolate in a manner that prevents damage and melting, however, our chocolate bars are delicate and we cannot guarantee that some bars will not break in transit.
If your order damaged please contact us and we will file a claim with our carriers.
Wholesale Customers
By submitting our wholesale application form, you agree that you have the authority to act on behalf of the above company and bind it to these terms and conditions.
Purchases Unless approved for credit terms, payment is due prior to shipping or delivery of orders.
For customers on credit terms, all invoices are due within thirty (30) days of the invoice date.
A service charge of one and one half percent (1.5% per month) may be assessed on delinquent invoices.
Taxes Unless a government tax exemption or resale form is provided to Harper Macaw, you are responsible for the payment of applicable federal, state, and local taxes.
Shipping All Prices are F.O.B.
Harper Macaw, Washington, DC USA.
We do our best to package our chocolate in a manner that prevents damage and melting, however, our chocolate bars are delicate and we cannot guarantee that some bars will not break in transit.
If your order damaged please contact us and we will file a claim with our carriers.
Price Changes Harper Macaw reserves the right to change the prices of its products and services at its sole discretion.
Cancellation and Return of Products Once an order has been placed and processed by Harper Macaw, it may only be cancelled with the consent of Harper Macaw.
Items may be added to processed orders, but additional product and shipping charges will apply.
If items are cancelled from a processed order, a 20% restocking fee may apply.
Any return of product should occur within thirty (30) days of delivery of product and will be solely at your expense.
Any refund for returned product will be determined at Harper Macaw’s discretion and may incur a 20% restocking fee.
Harper Macaw will make any refund within thirty (30) days of Harper Macaw’s receipt of product.
Vendor Sales You agree that you will only sell Harper Macaw products to end users and that you are not authorized to sell Harper Macaw products to other resellers.
Sale of Products Online Macaw permits the sale of its products online, only if the MSRP (stated in the wholesale brochure) is met.
Concerns &amp.
Complaints All questions or controversies arising out of, or in any way relating to this Agreement shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the District of Columbia.
Contact Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at hello@harpermacaw.com.
