
        Cookie PolicyThis website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn moreGot it!Allow cookies Save 25% TODAY ONLY Click Here 

All Products Cloud Web Hosting 
Shared
Reseller
Semi Dedicated 
Cloud Compute
Virtual Private Servers
 Domains 
Register Domain 
Transfer Domain 
 Other Services 
SSL Certificates
Specials


Hosting Shared Web Hosting      Simple, secure, and reliable cloud hosting Semi-Dedicated Cloud Hosting      Higher power &amp.
more resources Reseller Cloud Web Hosting      White label &amp.
fully customizable 
Cloud 
Domains Register New Domain      Get your new custom domain name Transfer Your Domain      Transfer your existing domains to us 
VPS
Contact
 Support and Client Area 
All Products Cloud Web Hosting 
Shared
Reseller
Semi Dedicated 
Cloud Compute
Virtual Private Servers
 Domains 
Register Domain 
Transfer Domain 
 Other Services 
SSL Certificates
Specials


Hosting Shared Web Hosting      Simple, secure, and reliable cloud hosting Semi-Dedicated Cloud Hosting      Higher power &amp.
more resources Reseller Cloud Web Hosting      White label &amp.
fully customizable 
Cloud 
Domains Register New Domain      Get your new custom domain name Transfer Your Domain      Transfer your existing domains to us 
VPS
Contact
 Acceptable Use Policy Home Legal Acceptable Use Policy &nbsp.

 Overview 
 Terms of Service 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Privacy Policy 
 Service Level Agreement 
 Affiliate Terms 
 Contact Abuse 
 Acceptable Use Policy  Hawk Host general policy is to act as a neutral provider of access to the global Internet.
Hawk Host reserves the right to suspend or cancel a customers access to any or all services provided by Hawk Host when Hawk Host decides that the account has been used inappropriately.
 The following are considered violations of Hawk Host AUP (acceptable use policy) 

 Illegal use: Hawk Host's services may not be used for illegal purposes, or in support of illegal activities.
Hawk Host reserves the right to cooperate with legal authorities and/or injured third parties in the investigation of any suspected crime or civil wrongdoing.

 Threats: Use of the Hawk Host service to transmit any material (by e-mail, uploading, posting or otherwise) that threatens or encourages bodily harm or destruction of property.

 Harassment: Use of the Hawk Host service to transmit any material (by e-mail, uploading, posting or otherwise) that harasses another.

 Forgery or impersonation: Adding, removing or modifying identifying network header information in an effort to deceive or mislead is prohibited.
Attempting to impersonate any person by using forged headers or other identifying information is prohibited.
The use of anonymous remailers or nicknames does not constitute impersonation.

 Fraudulent activity: Use of Hawk Host service to make fraudulent offers to sell or buy products, items, or services, or to advance any type of financial scam such as "pyramid schemes" and "chain letters." 
 Unsolicited commercial e-mail / Unsolicited bulk e-mail (SPAM) Use of the Hawk Host service to transmit any unsolicited commercial or unsolicited bulk e-mail is expressly prohibited.
Violations of this type will result in the immediate termination of the offending Hawk Host account.

 IMPORTANT NOTICE: Anyone hosting websites or services on their server that support spammers or cause any of our IP space to be listed in any of the various Spam Databases will have their server immediately removed from our network.
The server will not be reconnected until such time that you agree to remove ANY and ALL traces of the offending material immediately upon reconnection and agree to allow us access to the server to confirm that all material has been COMPLETELY removed.
Severe violations may result in immediate and permanent removal of the server from our network without notice to the customer.
Any server guilty of a second violation WILL be immediately and permanently removed from our network without notice.

 E-mail / News Bombing: Malicious intent to impede another person's use of electronic mail services or news will result in the immediate termination of the offending Hawk Host account.

 E-mail / Message Forging: Forging any message header, in part or whole, of any electronic transmission, originating or passing through the Hawk Host service is in violation of this AUP.

 Usenet SPAMing: Hawk Host has a zero tolerance policy for the use of its network for the posting of messages or commercial advertisements, which violate the rules, regulations, FAQ or charter of any newsgroups or mailing list.
Commercial messages that are appropriate under the rules of a newsgroup or mailing list or that are solicited by the recipients are permitted.

 Unauthorized access: Use of the Hawk Host service to access, or to attempt to access, the accounts of others, or to penetrate, or attempt to penetrate, security measures of Hawk Host's or another entity's computer software or hardware, electronic communications system, or telecommunications system, whether or not the intrusion results in the corruption or loss of data, is expressly prohibited and the offending Hawk Host account is subject to immediate termination.

 Copyright or trademark infringement: Use of the Hawk Host service to transmit any material (by e-mail, uploading, posting or otherwise) that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret or other proprietary rights of any third party, including, but not limited to, the unauthorized copying of copyrighted material, the digitization and distribution of photographs from magazines, books, or other copyrighted sources, and the unauthorized transmittal of copyrighted software.

 Collection of personal data: Use of the Hawk Host service to collect, or attempt to collect, personal information about third parties without their knowledge or consent.

 Network disruptions and unfriendly activity: Use of the Hawk Host service for any activity which affects the ability of other people or systems to use Hawk Host Services or the Internet.
This includes "denial of service" (DOS) attacks against another network host or individual user.
Interference with or disruption of other network users, services or equipment is prohibited.
It is the Member's responsibility to ensure that their network is configured in a secure manner.
A Subscriber may not, through action or inaction, allow others to use their network for illegal or inappropriate actions.
A Subscriber may not permit their network, through action or inaction, to be configured in such a way that gives a third party the capability to use their network in an illegal or inappropriate manner.
Unauthorized entry and/or use of another company and/or individual's computer system will result in immediate account termination.
Hawk Host will not tolerate any subscriber attempting to access the accounts of others, or penetrate security measures of other systems, whether or not the intrusion results in corruption or loss of data.

 Fraud: Involves a knowing misrepresentation or misleading statement, writing or activity made with the intent that the person receiving it will act upon it.

 Copyrights: Infringement of Copyright, Patent, Trademark, Trade Secret, or Intellectual Property Right: Distribution and/or posting of copyrighted or the aforementioned infringements will not be tolerated.

 Distribution of Viruses: Intentional distributions of software that attempts to and/or causes damage, harassment, or annoyance to persons, data, and/or computer systems are prohibited.
Such an offense will result in the immediate termination of the offending account.

 Inappropriate Use of Software: Use of software or any device that would facilitate a continued connection, i.e.
pinging, while using Hawk Host services could result in suspension service.

 Third Party Accountability: Hawk Host subscribers will be held responsible and accountable for any activity by third parties, using their account, that violates guidelines created within the Acceptable Use Policy.

 Reseller accounts may not be used to offer any form of free domain hosting services.
Violations will result in immediate suspension of service 
 Accounts may not be used as torrent trackers of any kind.
This includes torrent trackers of legitimate content.

 Accounts may not run proxy scripts of any kind.
This is not strictly limited to PHPProxy or CGIProxy this also includes any others.

 HYIP: High-yield investment program sites of any kind, including those related to cryptocurrency.

 Accounts may not be used as part of a CDN (content delivery network) or any similar service meant to serve videos, media, or other high bandwidth applications.

 Any accounts receiving a high volume of verified abuse complaints may be removed from our network.

 Hawk Host 
Home
About Us
Blog
Billing Login
Hosting Network 
 Services 
Shared Hosting 
Cloud Hosting
Domains
Reseller Web Hosting
Semi-Dedicated Web Hosting 
Cloud Compute
Virtual Private Servers
SSL Certificates
Enterprise E-Mail
1-Click Installs
 Support 
Forums
Help Desk
Legalese
Status Page
Affiliate Program

Email Sales
Email Support








Copyright Â© 2020 Hawk Host, All Rights Reserved

Privacy Policy
Terms Of Service
Acceptable Use Policy
SLA
 DON'T GO! Our HUGE sale is ending soon! Click below to get your unique code!*
*Coupon code not valid for cloud compute or VPS packages. GET MY COUPON NOW Close without getting coupon
Coupon code for 30% off (recurring): HHI-HN6FZ6NBVE USE MY COUPON 
      