
        Cookie PolicyThis website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn moreGot it!Allow cookies Save 25% TODAY ONLY Click Here 

All Products Cloud Web Hosting 
Shared
Reseller
Semi Dedicated 
Cloud Compute
Virtual Private Servers
 Domains 
Register Domain 
Transfer Domain 
 Other Services 
SSL Certificates
Specials


Hosting Shared Web Hosting      Simple, secure, and reliable cloud hosting Semi-Dedicated Cloud Hosting      Higher power &amp.
more resources Reseller Cloud Web Hosting      White label &amp.
fully customizable 
Cloud 
Domains Register New Domain      Get your new custom domain name Transfer Your Domain      Transfer your existing domains to us 
VPS
Contact
 Support and Client Area 
All Products Cloud Web Hosting 
Shared
Reseller
Semi Dedicated 
Cloud Compute
Virtual Private Servers
 Domains 
Register Domain 
Transfer Domain 
 Other Services 
SSL Certificates
Specials


Hosting Shared Web Hosting      Simple, secure, and reliable cloud hosting Semi-Dedicated Cloud Hosting      Higher power &amp.
more resources Reseller Cloud Web Hosting      White label &amp.
fully customizable 
Cloud 
Domains Register New Domain      Get your new custom domain name Transfer Your Domain      Transfer your existing domains to us 
VPS
Contact
 Affiliate Terms of Service Home Legal Affiliate Terms &nbsp.

 Overview 
 Terms of Service 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Privacy Policy 
 Service Level Agreement 
 Affiliate Terms 
 Contact Abuse 
 Affiliate Terms Of Service  This Affiliate program agreement (this "Agreement") is between Hawk Host Inc., a web hosting company formed under the laws of the Province of Ontario with its principal office at 710 Tower St South PO Box 50081 N1M 2R0 Canada ("Hawk Host") and the person (individual or legal person) whose signs Hawk Host's affiliate program (the "Order") incorporating this Agreement by reference ("User").
This Agreement governs User's participation in Hawk Host's affiliate program Table of Contents 
Enrollment
Site Links
Commissions
Your Website
Paid Search
Minimum Payment Threshold
Terms of Agreement
Relationship of Parties
Limitation of Liability.
Disclaimers
Representations and Warranties
Indemnification


 To start the enrollment process, you will need to sign up through our website at Your account will be instantly active in our program.
We will evaluate your account in good faith to ensure you comply with all our rules and agreements.
We may reject your account if we determine in our sole discretion that your site is unsuitable for the Program for any reason, including, but not limited to, if your site incorporates images or content that is unlawful, defamatory, obscene, harassing or otherwise objectionable, such as sites that facilitate illegal activity or promote violence or promote or assist others in promoting copyright infringement.

 As an affiliate website of Hawk Host, you may use any form of promotion you choose, consistent with the terms of this Agreement.
You may use banner advertisements, button links and/or text links to our site (the "Links"), however, you cannot under any circumstance be involved in spam.
Any activity by you or on your behalf that we determine or reasonably suspect to be the result of an unsolicited bulk e-mail program will result in your immediate termination from the Program and your forfeiting of monies otherwise due you hereunder.
Allowable promotional links may contain Hawk Host's trade names, service marks, and/or logos for display on your Affiliate Site.
Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, you are granted a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to access and download such links and other designated promotional materials for placement on your Affiliate Site for the sole and exclusive purpose of promoting websites owned, operated or controlled by Hawk Host.
In utilizing the links, you agree that you will cooperate fully with us in order to establish and maintain such link or links.
A link may only be visually modified with our consent.

 Affiliate commissions are 40% of the first payment of eligible services final invoice price.
For example you refer a user who signs up for the Professional plan for one year.
The invoice price is $107.88 you will receive  $107.88 x 40% = $43.15 
 Commissions deemed due and owed to you under the program will be paid to you directly by Hawk Host after any holding period and in accordance with a regular payout cycle established by Hawk Host.
No commission will be paid for signups by you, your household, or anyone within your organization.
Hawk Host reserves the right to only pay for referrals that are active.
Active is defined by clients with a website and domain name pointed to a Hawk Host server with user uploaded content.
Commissions can be earned per each new client referred through the unique affiliate link.
All commissions are paid by Paypal 
 You will be solely responsible for the development, operation and maintenance of your site and for all materials that appear on your site.
We shall have no responsibility for the development, operation and maintenance of your site and for all materials that appear on your site.
You shall also be responsible for ensuring that materials posted on your site do not violate or infringe upon any laws.
You must have express permission to use another party's copyrighted or other proprietary material.
We will not be responsible if you use another party's copyrighted or other proprietary material in violation of the law.
Hawk Host expressly requires you to disclose that there is a "material connection" between you and Hawk Host any time you offer an endorsement or testimonial on our services.
Such disclosure should be clear and prominent, meaning close to the endorsement or testimonial.
You agree that you will maintain and follow a privacy policy that complies with all applicable laws and regulations regarding the privacy of visitor information, be commercially reasonable, and fully and accurately disclose your collection and use of visitor information.
Please note: You should obtain legal advice on how to fully comply with these responsibilities in your specific situation.
In addition to the foregoing, we will immediately terminate your participation in the Program if we believe you have engaged in any of the following: - Unsolicited mass e-mail solicitations, IRC postings or any other form of spamming, including but not limited to, newsgroups or otherwise violate the anti-spamming policies of Hawk Host.
- Provide inaccurate or incomplete information to Hawk Host concerning your identity, address or other required information.
- Attempt to cheat, defraud or mislead us in any way.
- Misrepresent to the public the terms and conditions of our sites or your sites.
- Engage in popup advertisement network activities.
- IFrames may not be used unless given express permission by Hawk Host, sales made through hidden IFrames or Cookie Stuffing methods will be considered invalid 
 You may not under any circumstance infringe on Hawk Host trademarks, or any variations and misspellings when utilizing paid search.
Examples of prohibited keywords would contain "hawkhost", "hawk host", "HawkHost", "Hawk Host" "www.hawkhost.com", "hawkhost.com", "hawkhost coupons", "hawkhost reviews".
This is an example and not strictly limited to the keywords mentioned.

 Affiliates must earn a minimum affiliate account balance of $100 or more before their account is eligible for payment.
Account balances under $100 will remain until the user is eligible to be paid out.
Affiliates must earn a minimum affiliate account balance of $100 or more before their account is eligible for payment.

 The term of this Agreement will begin upon our acceptance of your Affiliate Program Application and will end when terminated by either party.
Either you or we may terminate this Agreement at any time, with or without cause, by giving the other party notice of termination.
Notice by e-mail, to your e-mail address on our records, is considered sufficient notice for to terminate this Agreement.
If this Agreement is terminated because you have violated the terms of this Agreement you are not eligible to receive any commissions payments, even for commissions earned prior to the date of termination.
If this Agreement is terminated for any other reason, you are only eligible to earn a commission on sales occurring during the term of the Agreement, and commissions earned through the date of termination will remain payable only if the related orders are not canceled or returned.
We reserve the right to withhold your final payment for a reasonable time to ensure that the correct amount is paid.

 You and Hawk Host are independent contractors, and nothing in this Agreement will create any partnership, joint venture, agency franchise, sales representative, or employment relationship between the parties.
You will have no authority to make or accept any offers or representations on our behalf.
You will not make any statement, whether on your site or otherwise, that reasonably would contradict anything in this Section.
You are not an agent of the Hawk Host and Hawk Host expressly disclaims responsibility for any conduct by you in violation of our terms of agreement.

 We will not be liable for indirect, special, or consequential damages, or any loss of revenue, profits, or data, arising in connection with this Agreement or the Affiliate Program, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Further, our aggregate liability arising with respect to this Agreement and the Affiliate Program will not exceed the total commissions paid or payable to you under this Agreement.

 We will not be liable for indirect, special, or consequential damages, or any loss of revenue, profits, or data, arising in connection with this Agreement or the Affiliate Program, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Further, our aggregate liability arising with respect to this Agreement and the Affiliate Program will not exceed the total commissions paid or payable to you under this Agreement.

 You hereby represent and warrant to us that this Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by you and constitutes your legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against you in accordance with its terms.
and that the execution, delivery and performance by you of this Agreement are within your legal capacity and power.
have been duly authorized by all requisite action on your part.
require the approval or consent of no other persons.
and neither violate nor constitute a default under the (i) provision of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree to which you are subject or which is binding upon you, or (ii) the terms of any other agreement, document or instrument applicable to you or binding upon you.
Should any law enforcement agency or internet service provider provide Hawk Host with notice that you have engaged in transmission of unsolicited bulk e-mails or have otherwise engaged in unlawful conduct or conduct in violation of said service provider's terms of service, we reserve the right to cooperate in any investigation relating to your activities including disclosure of your account information in connection therewith.

You hereby agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Hawk Host, officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates, successors and assigns, from and against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, damages or expense (including attorneys' fees and costs) of any nature whatsoever incurred or suffered by us (collectively the "Losses"), in so far as such Losses (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based on (i) any claim or threatened claim that our use of the Affiliate Trademarks infringes on the rights of any third party.
(ii) the breach of any promise, covenant, representation or warranty made by you herein.
or (iii) or any claim related to your site.

 Hawk Host 
Home
About Us
Blog
Billing Login
Hosting Network 
 Services 
Shared Hosting 
Cloud Hosting
Domains
Reseller Web Hosting
Semi-Dedicated Web Hosting 
Cloud Compute
Virtual Private Servers
SSL Certificates
Enterprise E-Mail
1-Click Installs
 Support 
Forums
Help Desk
Legalese
Status Page
Affiliate Program

Email Sales
Email Support








Copyright Â© 2020 Hawk Host, All Rights Reserved

Privacy Policy
Terms Of Service
Acceptable Use Policy
SLA
 DON'T GO! Our HUGE sale is ending soon! Click below to get your unique code!*
*Coupon code not valid for cloud compute or VPS packages. GET MY COUPON NOW Close without getting coupon
Coupon code for 30% off (recurring): HHI-HN6FZ6NBVE USE MY COUPON 
      