











Home
Diet


Lose Weight


Exercise


Spiritual Health


General Health


Cholesterol
Dental Health
Headaches
Human Body
Mouth Care
Podiatry
Skin Health
Women Health
Allergies


Family


Childcare
House


Fashion
Pets
Shopping


 Sign in 
 Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Privacy Policy 
 Password recovery Recover your password your email 
 Search 
 HealthsToday 
Home
Diet


Lose Weight


Exercise


Spiritual Health


General Health


Cholesterol
Dental Health
Headaches
Human Body
Mouth Care
Podiatry
Skin Health
Women Health
Allergies


 Allergies Let’s Get Nutty With Allergies Allergies Food substitutes for the most common allergies Allergies Daily Showers- Are They Good Or Bad For The Immune System? Allergies How to know if I have an Egg allergy Allergies How to avoid pollen allergy 








Family


Childcare
House


Fashion
Pets
Shopping












 Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Privacy Policy Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you.
Home 
 Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Last revised: March 10, 2020
HealthsToday owns and operates a number of different Website/App on mobile, TV, set top boxes, and other devices (each one or all together referred to as “HealthsToday Website/App”).
The Company is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of its user community.
The intent of this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) is to detail the information the Company might gather about individuals who visit HealthsToday Website/App, how that information is used, and our disclosure practices.
By using any HealthsToday Website/App, you signify that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use, which are incorporated by reference herein to this Privacy Policy.
Your Consent for Our Collection, Use and Disclosure
Typically, we will seek consent for the collection, use or disclosure of your personal information at the time of collection.
In certain circumstances, consent may be sought after the information has been collected but before use (for example, when we want to use information for a purpose not previously identified).
The form of consent that we seek, including whether it is express or implied, will largely depend on the sensitivity of the personal information and the reasonable expectations of the individual in the circumstances.
You may withdraw consent at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice.
If you wish to withdraw your consent at any time, please contact us as set out below.
We will inform you of the implications of withdrawing consent.
We will not, as a condition of the supply of a product or service, require you to consent to the collection, use or disclosure of information beyond that required to fulfill the explicitly specified and legitimate purposes for which the information is being provided.
What Personal Information We Collect
When you sign up for the HealthsToday Website/App you will be required to share information that identifies you personally.
“Personal Information” refers to any information that lets us know the specifics of who you are and which can be used to identify, contact or locate you.
Examples of Personal Information include, without limitation, your first name together with your last name, your credit card number, your mailing address and/or email address, and your phone number.
When We Collect Personal Information
Generally, we collect Personal Information when you provide it to us by signing up on HealthsToday Website/App, filling out surveys or questionnaires, joining our mailing list, corresponding with us, entering one of our sweepstakes or contests, choosing to submit testimonials, stories, photos or the like to the HealthsToday Website/App, or otherwise volunteering information about yourself.
The Company usually collects Personal Information so that it can provide you with the Company’s goods or services.
The Company may also use your Personal Information for other reasons, including updating you on the Company’s services, news and special offers (unless you choose to “opt-out” as described in the “Choice/Opt-out” section below).
If you don’t provide some of the Personal Information the Company asks for (e.g.
your name, your mailing address and/or email address), it may be unable to provide you with the Company’s goods or services.
Anonymous User Information
The Company collects or may collect some information each time you visit HealthsToday Website/App so we can improve the overall quality of your online experience.
We collect or may collect your IP address, referral data, and browser and platform type.
You do not have to register on the HealthsToday Website/App or provide any Personal Information to us before we can collect this anonymous information.
The Company assigns an anonymous ID number to your requests and links the following additional data to that anonymous ID number: the date and time you visited, your search terms, and the links you choose to click.
Like most standard servers, we use log files to collect and store this anonymous user information.
The Company analyzes the information to determine trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
Such aggregated anonymous information is used in our market research surveys, offers, and other activities.
Correspondence
If you contact the Company, we may keep a record of that correspondence and we may collect your email address for archival purposes but will not use, transfer or sell your email address except as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Third Party Advertisements
The HealthsToday Website/App may contain links to various other Website/App that are not owned by the Company.
While the Company makes every effort to ensure that its advertisers post clear and complete privacy policies and observe appropriate data practices, each of these Website/App has a privacy policy that may differ from that of the Company.
The privacy practices of other Website and companies are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
Please be aware that the Company is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other Website/App.
The Company encourages you to be aware when you leave the HealthsToday Website/App and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collect personally identifiable information.
The Company may allow other companies, called third party ad servers or ad networks, to display advertisements on the HealthsToday Website/App to you.
Some of these ad networks may place a persistent cookie on your device.
Doing this allows them to recognize your device each time they send you an online advertisement.
In this way, ad networks may compile information about where you, or others who are using your device, saw their advertisements and determine which ads are clicked on.
This information allows an ad network to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
The Company does not have access to or control over the cookies that may be placed by these parties on your device, and has no control over these parties’ privacy policies or information collection practices.
Except as specifically set forth in this Privacy Policy, the Company does not to provide your Personal Information to its advertisers unless you make the choice to share it with them.
The Company occasionally passes Personally Identifiable Information via a secure interface to certain of its advertisers for the purpose of making it easier for you to sign up for their offers.
However, this information is only to be used by the advertiser if you agree to submit the information to the advertiser for the purposes of completing an offer.
In the event that the Company is unable to capture your transaction detail, the Company may need to validate your transaction with an advertiser or merchant partner to ensure that your account is credited.
The validation information shared is used solely for this purpose and may include your first name, last name, email address, mailing address or date of birth.
The Company will require that these third parties comply with the information practices set forth in this Privacy Policy and that the information not be shared or used for any other purpose.
The Company may share non-personally identifiable information collected via the service in aggregate, anonymous form with advertisers or other third parties so that they may better evaluate what products and services are most appealing to different segments of the Company’s user base.
The Company does not disclose your first name, last name, address, email address, or any other Personal Information to these third parties unless you give your express consent.
Cookies
The Company may set and access cookies on your device or device.
A cookie is a small data file that a Web site may send to your browser and which may then be stored on your system.
We use both session cookies and persistent cookies.
For the session cookie, once you close the browser, the cookie terminates.
A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on your hard drive for an extended period of time.
Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions.
We use cookie and web beacon technology to track which pages on the HealthsToday Website/App our visitors view and which Web browsers our visitors use.
We may also use cookies to help us provide personalized features and preferences to you within the various HealthsToday Website/App in a way that may be linked to individual user information that you elect to share with us.
We also use “action tags” to assist in delivering the cookie.
These action tags allow us to compile statistics and other data about our customers on an aggregate basis, by embedding a random identifying number on each user’s browser.
We then track where that number shows up on our site.
Cookies help us track your responses to our market research surveys, to record statistics behind special offers, our “shop &amp.
earn” promotions, electronic recycling and our polls, however, we will never share such personally identifiable information with third parties except as set forth below under “Sharing.”
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually configure your browser to prevent this.
Not accepting cookies may make certain features of the HealthsToday Website/App unavailable to you, though we will make every effort to ensure that users who have disabled cookies are denied access only to those portions of the website that legitimately require cookies for their functionality.
Notwithstanding anything else in this policy, we or a data provider we have engaged may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you to receive customized ads or content.
These cookies contain no personally identifiable information.
The cookies may reflect de-identified demographic or other data linked to data you voluntarily have submitted to us, e.g., your email address, that we may share with a data provider solely in hashed, non-human readable form.
To opt-out of these cookies and for more information, please visit aboutads.info/choices and/or networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
Sharing
Though we make every effort to preserve your privacy, we may need to disclose Personal Information when required by law, where we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding or administrative legal, a criminal investigation, a court order, or legal process served on HealthsToday Website/App.
We may also share your Personal Information if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of HealthsToday Website/App’ terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
Personal Information collected by the Company may be disclosed to third parties to whom the Company contracts out specialized goods or services (such as IT service providers).
If the Company does disclose Personal Information to third party contractors, the Company takes steps to ensure that those contractors:
• Comply with their obligations under applicable privacy laws.
and
• Are authorized only to use Personal Information in order to provide the goods and services required by the Company.
The Company may also disclose your Personal Information to third parties where it has your express permission to do so, or where it can reasonably be inferred from the circumstances that you consent to the disclosure to the third parties.
The Company tries to limit the information it provides to third parties to the information they need to help the Company provide goods and services to you.
Mergers.
Business Transitions
In the event the Company goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, users’ Personal Information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred, unless such a transfer will violate any applicable law.
Choice/Opt-out
Our goal is to keep you in control of the Personal Information you provide to us.
Accordingly, you can review, correct, change or remove any personal registration information you provide to the Company.
In order to “opt-out” and elect not to receive future communications from us, please email us at HealthsToday.com@gmail.com.
Please note that as long as you remain a HealthsToday user, opting not to receive email does not exempt you from receiving administrative emails, which include, but are not limited to, notices about vital service and status changes or alterations to the Company’s Terms.
Notification of Changes
We do reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time.
If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes in places on the HealthsToday Website/App deemed appropriate by us so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we would disclose it.
If, however, we are going to use Personal Information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users by posting a notice on HealthsToday Website/App for at least 30 days.
Your continued use of HealthsToday Website/App after the changes are posted constitutes your agreement to the changes.
If you do not agree to the changes, please discontinue your use of HealthsToday Website/App.
Special Notification with respect to Children’s Privacy (Users under the age of 13)
In response to concerns about protecting children’s privacy online, Congress enacted the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (“COPPA”), which sets forth rules and procedures governing the ways in which Website may collect, use and disclose any personal information for children under the age of 13.
In accordance with the Company policy and COPPA regulations, we DO NOT:

Request or knowingly collect personally identifiable information online or offline contact information from users under 13 years of age.
or
Knowingly use or share personal information from users under 13 years of age with third parties;
We request that children under the age of 13 not submit any Personal Information to us via the HealthsToday Website/App.
It is possible that by fraud or deception we may receive information given to us or pertaining to children under 13.
If we are notified of this, as soon as we verify the information, we will immediately delete the information from our servers.

Questions regarding children’s privacy should be directed to:
HealthsToday.com@gmail.com
Security
We use SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encryption technology to safeguard the security of your Personal Information.
however transmissions made on or through the Internet are vulnerable to attack and cannot be guaranteed to be secure.
You hereby acknowledge that the Company is not responsible for any intercepted information sent via the internet, and you hereby release us from any and all claims arising out of or related to the use of intercepted information in any unauthorized manner.
Transfers of your Personal Information
Although the Company houses its data in the United States, it is possible that some of data processing may occur outside of the United States.
While the data protection laws of these countries may vary, the Company will make every reasonable effort to protect your information based upon the express terms of this Privacy Policy.
By enrolling in the service, you consent to this transfer of your personal data to any server used by the Company. In our portal you will find content of various kinds: diseases and treatments, well-being, natural remedies, diets and recipes, psychology, couples, motherhood and lifestyle.Contact us: HealthsToday.com@gmail.com 




 POPULAR POSTS Exclusive Deal – Click Below October 13, 2021 Top 5 Browser Extensions for Online Shopping August 4, 2021 Life Insurance Without the Hassle June 3, 2021 POPULAR CATEGORY
Diet38
Exercise30
General Health28
House26
Lose Weight24
Family23
Human Body22
Spiritual Health20
Alt Meds19


About us
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Submit a Health Tip
Contact us
 © Copyright 2021 - HealthsToday.com SkipAds by SkipAds by 
      