
         Skip to main content Top Menu 
 About us 
 Order resources 
 Subscribe 
 The Male 
 Contact us 


 Main navigation 
 + Men's health Men's health 
Blood in semen
Premature ejaculation
Foreskin problems &amp.
circumcision
Prostate enlargement (BPH)
Klinefelter syndrome
Prostatitis
Male infertility
Testosterone deficiency
Peyronie's disease
Urinary problems (LUTS)

View all health conditions

 + Resources &amp.
tools Resources &amp.
tools 
Current research studies &amp.
projects
Resource library
Glossary
Spanner in the Works?
Men's health events
The Male magazine
Order resources
Useful websites &amp.
support groups
Plus Paternal: A focus on fathers
Your stories


 + For health professionals For health professionals 
Clinical resources
Plus Paternal: A focus on fathers
Conferences &amp.
events
Position statements
Engaging men in primary health care
Professional education
Our publications
Research reviews


 News 
 Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Terms of use Privacy &amp.
personal information Healthy Male will not collect personally identifiable information about you unless such information is provided voluntarily by you.
Any personally identifiable information we collect is strictly confidential. We will not sell any personal information that you may have provided unless permitted by law or we have your express written consent to do so.
Healthy Male uses select service providers to whom we disclose personal information.
  Cookies Non-personal information may be automatically collected through the use of 'cookies'.
These are pieces of information that a website can place on a visitor's hard drive to record data such as what time a visit occurs, whether the visitor has been to the site before and what website or search engine the visitor was referred from.
Healthy Male uses Google Analytics to analyse this data, in order to make its online content more relevant and accessible to visitors.
No personal information is collected from Google Analytics and we will not match any data collected by Google Analytics with any personal information.
The Google Analytics policy can be found here.
  Copyright Editorial material is copyright and may not be reproduced without permission.
  Links to third party content This website contains links to third party websites.
These linked websites are not under the control of Healthy Male, and Healthy Male is not responsible for the contents of any linked websites or any hyperlink contained in any linked websites.
Healthy Male provides these links as a convenience only, and the inclusion of any link does not imply any endorsement of the linked website by Healthy Male.
You visit any linked website at your own risk.
  Virus warning Healthy Male does not represent or warrant that any files obtained from or through this website are free from computer viruses or other defects.
Any such files are provided and may be used on the basis that the user accepts all responsibility for any loss, damage or other consequence resulting directly or indirectly from the use of those files.
  Governing law These Conditions are governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of Victoria, Australia.
Any disputes arising from these Conditions or in connection with the use of this website are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Victoria, Australia.
This website may be accessed throughout Australia and overseas.
Healthy Male makes no representation that the Content on this website complies with the laws of any country outside Australia.
If you access this site from outside Australia you are responsible for ensuring that your access to, downloading of, use of or reliance on the Content contained in this website is in compliance with all laws in the place in which you are located.
  Footer Left 
 About us 
 Find a doctor 
 Men's health 
 Footer Right 
 Careers 
 Glossary 
 Resource library 
 Footer Last 
 Contact us 
 For health professionals 
 Resources &amp.
tools 
 Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Healthy Male is funded by the Australian Government Department of Health.
This website does not host any form of advertisement.
Information provided on this website is not a substitute for medical advice. Â© Healthy Male 2021 Footer Bottom 
 Disclaimer 
 Sitemap 
 Terms of use 

