
        Terms &amp.
Conditions
The Terms and Conditions that govern and apply to the use of the HEAnet website (the website) are outlined as follows.
Use and access to the website are conditional on acceptance of and compliance with the ‘Terms and Conditions’, which expression includes the content of this document as well as any other terms, notices or disclaimers provided for elsewhere on the website.
Your continued use of and access to the website constitutes your agreement to these terms.
HEAnet reserve the right to amend these Terms and Conditions at any time.
Copyright &amp.
Trade Marks
All website ‘Content’ which expression includes the text, material, graphics and advertisement are Copyright © HEAnet, its suppliers and/or licensors unless expressly indicated otherwise.
You must not alter, publish, amend or distribute the content except with our advance written agreement.
Subject to the condition that you maintain all content as presented on the website in its unaltered form, you are permitted to:

View and download the Content for your personal and non-commercial use;
Supply the Content to subscribers if you are an Internet Service Provider;
Use the website for its intended purpose subject to the strict condition that you do not use the website in any manner or for any purpose that is unlawful or contrary to the rights of HEAnet, conflicts with the HEAnet Acceptable Use Policy, or otherwise is prohibited by these Terms and Conditions

Where trademarks are displayed on the website, these are the trademarks of HEAnet or their respective owners.
Nothing on the website should be construed as granting any license or right of use of any trademark displayed on the website without the express written permission of HEAnet or the third party owner.
Links
The website contains links to websites operated by third parties for the convenience of HEAnet website users only.
HEAnet specifically disclaim any responsibility for the content of any such linked website or hyperlinks.
The display of a link to a third party website does not in any way constitute an endorsement of the linked website by HEAnet.
Limitation of liability
Under no circumstances (including but not limited to any act or omission on the part of HEAnet) will HEAnet be liable for any indirect, incidental, special and/or consequential damages or loss of profits whatsoever which result from any use or access of, or any inability to use or access, the website or any Content.
Login for Additional Services
In order to access information in certain areas of the website, you must be a client of HEAnet and login with your username and password.
You must take all reasonable steps to ensure that your password remains confidential.
Other
This agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Ireland.
If any provision of this agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of law, such invalidity or unenforceability will not affect the remainder of the agreement, which will continue in full force and effect.
All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Acceptance of Terms and Conditions
Your use of this website indicates your agreement to be bound by these Terms and Conditions.
