
         Privacy Policy Effective Date: [9/2/2021]

hear.com (“we,” “us”, “our”) presents this privacy policy to describe how we collect, use, and share information through our website and our other digital properties that link to it.


Information Collection

We collect information in two ways: information you provide to us and information we automatically collect when you access our digital property.
We may combine this information together.

Information You Provide to Us. When you engage with our digital properties you may provide us certain information about yourself.
This information may include your name, email, phone number, and postal address.
We also collect information about your payment method, transaction history, health insurance, and other information about your medical history or visits with certain medical professionals when you provide it to us or they provide it to us on your behalf.


Information We Automatically Collect. This data reflects your usage of the website and our services.
This information includes digital identifiers like cookie and device identifiers, IP addresses, browser type, date and time of your visit, and your interactions and page views while interacting with our digital property.
We also make inferences about your potential interests based on this viewing activity.
We typically collect this type of information using cookies, web beacons, clear gifs, and other similar technologies.


Information Use and Sharing

We use the information we collect about you for a variety of purposes, including:

To present our websites and digital properties to you;
To authenticate users and remember preferences.

To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us;
To provide you with information about our products and services we believe are relevant to your interest.

To provide you with additional information about our services;
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered between you and us, including for appointment confirmation, scheduling, billing, shipping, financing, or transaction information;
Internal auditing and debugging;
Product and service improvement and development;
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our website;
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
and 
For any other purpose with your consent.

We may share or disclose information we collect about you with several entities, including:

With local audiologists, hearing aid manufacturers, financing companies, and health insurance companies to fulfil your requests and orders.

To our affiliates and subsidiaries;
To vendors and service providers that help us provide the website and services;
To third parties to help advertiser our services.

To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all the Company’s assets, including at bankruptcy;
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it, such as communicating with you via email or other means.
and
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.


Third Party Websites

This privacy policy addresses the collection, use, and disclosure of information we collect from you on our website or digital property that links to the policy.
Other websites that may be accessible through this website have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices.
If you link to any such website, we urge you review the website’s privacy policy.

Ad Choices

We may partner with ad networks and other ad serving providers (“Advertising Providers”) who serve ads on behalf of us and others on non-affiliated sites.
Some of those ads may be personalized, meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on information Advertising Providers collect about your visits to this website and elsewhere on the Internet over time, as well as from various mobile applications you use, and across different associated devices.
This is called “interest-based advertising.” Interest-based advertising includes when Advertising Partners identify possible relationships among different browsers and devices.
You may visit https://optout.aboutads.info/ to learn more about this type of advertising and how to opt-out of this type of advertising by companies participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance self-regulatory program.
Additionally, if you would like to opt-out of this type of advertising in mobile apps, you can visit https://youradchoices.com/appchoices and download the appropriate app for your device.
We adhere to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles.
Note that electing to opt out will not stop advertising from appearing in your browser or applications.
It may make the ads you see less relevant to your interests.
In addition, note that if you use a different browser or devices, erase cookies, or reset a device identifier from your browser or mobile device, you may need to renew you opt-out choice.

Updating Information

If you would like to request that we update or modify the information we collect about you, you can do so by writing us at Data-protection@hear.com or by phone at 1-888-998-1946.

Child Privacy

Our websites and digital properties not intended for use by children under the age of 13.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.

Security

We implement a reasonable security measures help protect the information we collect.

Updates to This Privacy Policy

We may update this privacy policy from time to time.
We encourage you to review this policy to learn about those changes.

Contact Us

If you have inquiries about this policy please contact us at Data-protection@hear.com.

California Privacy Rights

This section contains disclosures required by the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and applies only to “personal information” (“PI”) that is subject to the CCPA.
Consumers with disabilities may access this notice by standard screen reading software.
Personal Information We Collect, Disclose for a Business Purpose, and Sell. We collect the categories of personal information about California consumers identified in the chart below.
Hear.com sells some PI but not other PI: As further set forth in the chart below, in the past 12 months, we have disclosed and sold California consumers’ personal information to third parties for business and commercial purposes.
To provide our services, California consumers send us personal information and direct us to transfer that information to doctor’s offices and other service providers to assist them in obtaining appointments, products, and/or services.
In the past 12 months, we have not sold the personal information that California consumers have directed us to share with third parties for these purposes.
However, we collect other data about visits to our websites and advertisements, and we have sold such data to third party partners in the past 12 months.
To opt out of our sale of this subset of data to third parties, please follow the instructions in the “Your Rights Regarding Personal Information” section below. Categories of Personal Information
Collected in the last 12 months:
Categories of sources from which information is collected:
Business or commercial purposes for collection, use, and sharing:
Disclosed for business purposes to the following categories of third parties:
Sold to the following categories of third parties: Personal and online identifiers (such as first and last name, email address, date of birth, address, telephone number)
Yes
Consumers through Hear.com &amp.
https://m.cdn.hearing-aid-advice.com/ websites and telephone consultation
Doctor consultation, Hearing aid fitting, financing, insurance claims, sales, marketing, advertising, auditing related to our interactions with you, legal compliance, detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity, debugging, performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments, analytics, internal research for technological improvement, internal operations, activities to maintain and improve our services.
and other one-time uses.
Local audiologist, Accounting Software, Insurance Company, Hearing Aid manufacturer, survey tools, financing companies, service providers
Local audiologist, Accounting Software, Insurance Company, Hearing Aid manufacturer, survey tools, financing companies, service providers Categories of information described in Section 1798.80(e) of the California Civil Code (such as insurance policy number, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information)
Yes
Consumers through telephone consultation
Doctor consultation, Hearing aid fitting, financing, insurance claims, sales, marketing, advertising, auditing related to our interactions with you, legal compliance, detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity, debugging, performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments, analytics, internal research for technological improvement, internal operations, activities to maintain and improve our services.
and other one-time uses
Local audiologist, Accounting Software, Insurance Company, Hearing Aid manufacturer, survey tools, financing companies, service providers
None Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law (such as gender)
Yes
Consumers through Hear.com &amp.
https://m.cdn.hearing-aid-advice.com/ websites
Identification, personalization of messages, marketing, advertising, auditing related to our interactions with you, legal compliance, detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity, debugging, performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments, analytics, internal research for technological improvement, internal operations, activities to maintain and improve our services.
and other one-time uses.
Local audiologist, Accounting Software, Insurance Company, Hearing Aid manufacturer, survey tools, financing companies, service providers
None Commercial or transactions information (such products or services purchased, obtained or considered)
Yes
Local Audiologist who completed fitting, telephone, fax
Order processing, guarantees, marketing, advertising, auditing related to our interactions with you, legal compliance, detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity, debugging, performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments, analytics, internal research for technological improvement, internal operations, activities to maintain and improve our services.
and other one-time uses.
Local audiologist, Accounting Software, Insurance Company, Hearing Aid manufacturer, survey tools, financing companies, service providers
None Internet or other electronic network activity information (interactions with a website, email, or advertisement)
Yes
Consumers through Hear.com &amp.
https://m.cdn.hearing-aid-advice.com/ websites
Marketing, customer journey, advertising, auditing related to our interactions with you, legal compliance, detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity, debugging, performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments, analytics, internal research for technological improvement, internal operations, activities to maintain and improve our services.
and other one-time uses.
Tracking software, CRM, service providers
Advertising and Marketing Companies.
Sensory information (such as audio call recordings)
Yes
Consumer telephone conversations with our agents
Quality control, auditing related to our interactions with you, legal compliance, detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity, debugging, performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments, analytics, internal research for technological improvement, internal operations, activities to maintain and improve our services.
and other one-time uses.
Service providers
None Professional or employment related information
Yes
Consumers through Hear.com &amp.
https://m.cdn.hearing-aid-advice.com/ websites and telephone consultation
Financing, auditing related to our interactions with you, legal compliance, detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity, debugging, performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments, analytics, internal research for technological improvement, internal operations, activities to maintain and improve our services.
and other one-time uses.
Finance companies, service providers
None Inferences drawn from the above information about your predicted characteristics and preferences
Yes
Consumers through Hear.com &amp.
https://m.cdn.hearing-aid-advice.com/ websites and telephone consultation
Financing, auditing related to our interactions with you, legal compliance, detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity, debugging, performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments, analytics, internal research for technological improvement, internal operations, activities to maintain and improve our services.
and other one-time uses.
Accounting Software, financing companies, service providers
None Other information about you that is linked to the personal information above
No
Consumers through Hear.com &amp.
https://m.cdn.hearing-aid-advice.com/ websites and telephone consultation
Doctor consultation, Hearing aid fitting, financing, insurance claims, sales, marketing, advertising, auditing related to our interactions with you, legal compliance, detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity, debugging, performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments, analytics, internal research for technological improvement, internal operations, activities to maintain and improve our services.
and other one-time uses.
Local audiologist, Accounting Software, Insurance Company, Hearing Aid manufacturer, survey tools, financing companies, , service providers
Advertising and marketing companies 
Your Rights Regarding Personal Information. California residents have certain rights with respect to the personal information collected by businesses.
If you are a California resident, you may exercise the following rights regarding your personal information, subject to certain exceptions and limitations:

The right to know the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected personal information about you, our purposes for collecting or selling personal information about you, the categories of personal information about you that we have either sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have shared personal information;
The right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you.
The right to opt out of our sale(s) of personal information about you.
Please note that if you opt out of certain types of sales, we will be unable to provide you with the services that rely on such sales.
The right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the CCPA.
To exercise any of the above rights, please contact us using the following information and submit the required verifying information, as further described below:
By phone at 1-888-998-1946
Online at Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Note that we may need to request additional information from you to verify your identity or understand the scope of your request, although you will not be required to create an account with us to submit a request or have it fulfilled.
We will require you to provide, at a minimum the full name you used, your telephone number, the email you entered into our site, and your Zip Code.
You may designate an authorized agent to make a CCPA request on your behalf.
You will need to provide your identification, the identification of the agent, and your written consent for them to act on your behalf.
We do not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.


Contact Information

If you have additional privacy questions or if you are otherwise concerned with our personal information practices, then you may contact us here:


 hear.com LLC 396 Alhambra Circle, Suite 600 Coral Gables, Florida 33134


We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time.
We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
