
        
Terms of Service
1.1.
It is forbidden to transfer or sell accounts.1.2.
As your password must be kept secret from others, we store it in an irreversible format.
Keep it safe is your responsibility, we shall not be made liable for any improper access to your account because of incorrect password management.1.3.
You can only have one account.
Any attempt to create more than one account will lead to the termination of all of them.
This also applies to your payment processor account id which has to be unique and not shared with another user.1.4.
Only one account per computer is allowed to view advertisements.
If more than one account in a single computer view advertisements, all of those accounts will be permanently suspended.1.5.
You can only view advertisements using one IP address within a 24 hours period.
On the other hand, you can use multiple IP addresses to login.
Any attempt to do otherwise may lead to the termination of your account.
Logging in from proxies or shared network environments (such as, but not limited to schools, LAN houses, cybercafes, etc.) is not allowed.1.6.
Your email addresses will not be shown or sold under any circumstances.1.7.
We will not modify user account information based on user request.
Upline and username change requests will be declined.1.8.
Users using false information when registering or changing their personal settings will have their account suspended.
Be sure you provide your real name and address as it is in your payment processor accounts, in terms of no match your request of withdrawal may get denied and your account may get suspended.1.9.
Members must log in at least once every 30 days in order to stay active.
You will still be able to login after being incative to activate your account again within 30 days.1.10.
After 60 days of inactivity, your account will be closed.
If the users account becomes closed, all balances, Referrals and Memberships will reset.
It is possible to request to re-activate your account again with a support ticket.
Losses due closed accounts such as balances, Referrals and Memberships can not be recovered
My terms of service
