
         Applications SSH Config Editor
Assistant for Arkham Horror Feedback SSH Config Editor Privacy Policy
Security and privacy are fundamental to all our apps,we have put much efforts to improve the security. Data Storage


SSH Config Editor store all data in ssh config file you choose after the first start of the application or you select if from File/Open menu.
Application configuration files are stored localy on the device you use them.


 No Statistics of Usage

All our apps don’t send any data to our or other vendor’s server.
We don’t push Ads to you, and we don’t collect your usage data.

SSH Config Editor don’t connect to any servers.
 Conform to Apple’s App Sandbox


SSH Config Editor conform to App Sandbox.
App Sandbox is an access control technology provided in macOS, enforced at the kernel level.
Its strategy is twofold:

App Sandbox force the app describes how to interact with the system.
The system then grants the app the access it needs to get its job done, and no more.
App Sandbox allows the user to transparently grant the app additional access by way of Open and Save dialogs, drag and drop, and other familiar user interactions.


A non-sandboxed app has the full rights of the user who is running that app, and can access any resources that the user can access.
If an attacker can potentially exploit that app, the attacker gains the ability to do anything that the user can do.
By limiting access to resources on a per-app basis, App Sandbox provides a last line of defense against the theft, corruption, or deletion of user data if an attacker successfully exploits the app.
 App Store Certified


SSH Config Editor are distribute on Mac App Store.
Apple reviews all apps submitted to the Mac App Store to ensure that they are reliable, perform as expected, and are free of offensive material.
This means SSH Config Editor follow the strict review policy that be implemented by Apple.
 Changes to this Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason.
We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here.
You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
 Questions About the Privacy Policy

If you have any questions regarding privacy while using our apps, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at support@hejki.org.
 This Policy was last revised: Apr 18, 2020 Copyright © 2016-2022 Hejki.
Generated using Publish.
Feedback &nbsp.
Idea &nbsp.
Problem &nbsp.
Question Email Message Please insert info about related application.
It will be nice if you provided the version of application for bug reports. Submit Feedback 
      