
         Drop and Send Terms of Service By using Helena Express Drop and Send service, you agree to the following:


We can charge your credit/debit card for shipping costs.
Your card will be charged whenever you send a package with Helena Express.
We might combine multiple
shipments into one charge.
By dropping off or giving us a package you agree to pay what we charge.
Here’s something our payment provider says we should say: You authorize Helena Express to send instructions to the financial
institution that issued your card to take payments from your card account in accordance with the
terms of this agreement.

You’ll pay the shipping price plus a small fee.
We usually charge the retail rate for shipping.
This means you get the same pricing as if you
brought your package to the post office or UPS/FedEx location.
Sometimes (such as if there’s no retail pricing for a shipping option) we adjust rates so we can make money.
You can check our current rates with our rate calculator tool.
We also charge a fee, typically $5 or less.
The fee could be slightly higher if you’re sending something that takes extra work for us,
like a giant pile of letters or a package that requires unusual handling.

We can store information about you.
To provide you with quality service, and to protect us and you from legal and liability issues,
we save information you provide us.
This may include your name, phone number, email, street address,
IP address, and ZIP code.
It also includes information about packages you ship with us, including
the to and from addresses, tracking number, and tracking history.
Your card info is stored as well,
but we don’t have access to your full card number or security code.
Some of the information listed
is stored with our postage and payment providers.
the rest of it is stored on our server here in Helena.
Our privacy policy is part of these terms, and can be found at helena.express/privacy.

You won’t hold us responsible for shipping delays, lost packages, or other issues.
We try to handle your packages as quickly as possible.
We usually only have in our custody them for an hour or less.
This means that if your package is stolen, delayed, lost, damaged, confiscated, burned, or smited from Above,
it’s not our fault.
We can work with you and the carrier to figure out what happened and take additional steps
like filing an insurance claim, but if you file a chargeback, threaten to sue us, or do something else that’s not nice,
you will no longer be able to do business with us.
You also agree that if something happens while you’re using
a drop box on private property (for example, you slip and fall, crash your car, get robbed, etc), you
won’t hold the property owner liable for anything either.

FYI: When we say “package” or “shipment”, we mean any item you send, regardless of size, shape, carrier, or service.
