
This website is AudioEye enabled and is being optimized for accessibility.
To open the AudioEye Toolbar, press shift + =.
The toolbar contains the following
The AudioEye Help Desk to report accessibility and usability related issues.
The AudioEye Certification Statement to explain the ongoing web accessibility and usability enhancements for this website.
The Player tool to listen to this site read aloud.
The Player is not intended as a substitute for your screen reader. Skip to main content 

Sales: 877-721-0013 

Accessible Main Menu
 Cars For Sale 

Search Vehicles

 Shop All Used Cars 
 Used Cars Under 15K 
 Used Cars Under 20K 
 Luxury Cars for Sale 

Buying Options

 Hertz Certified 



Search By Body Type







 Financing 

Hertz Car Sales Finance

 Learn About Hertz Financing 



Hertz Protection Plans

 Hertz Warranty 
 Vehicle Protection Plans 
 Total Loss Protection (GAP) 
 Pre-Paid Maintenance 
 Technology Coverage 
 Ding Shield 
 Road Hazard Tire &amp.
Wheel 



Hertz Products

 Katzkin Leather 




 Trade-In 
 Locations 
 About 

About Us

 Frequently Asked Questions 
 Hertz Buy Back Guarantee 
 Home Delivery 
 Why Buy from Hertz Car Sales 



Our Blog

 Blog 




 View Saved Cars Make the most of your secure shopping experience by creating an account.

Access your saved cars on any device.

Receive Price Alert emails when price changes, new offers become available or a vehicle is sold.

Securely store your current vehicle information and access tools to save time at the the dealership.
 Privacy Policy Already Registered?
View Saved Cars Enter your registered email address to request a password reset link. Privacy Policy View Saved Cars
|
Sign Up New to our site?
Sign Up Forgot Password? You've Successfully logged in!
Logout View My Favorites Page Â» Structure My Deal Recent Activity 



Structure My Deal tools are complete â€” you're ready to visit Hertz Car Sales! 
We'll have this time-saving information on file when you visit the dealership.
 Get Driving Directions Done with the tools you need? You're ready to visit Hertz Car Sales! Get Driving Directions 0Saved Vehicles We've saved this car for you! Registration Successful!
You're now logged in as and will receive alerts when price changes, new offers become available or a vehicle is sold.
Would you like us to send you price alerts? Yes pleaseNot now Make the most of your secure shopping experience by creating an account.

Access your saved cars on any device.

Receive Price Alert emails when price changes, new offers become available or a vehicle is sold.

Securely store your current vehicle information and access tools to save time at the the dealership.
 Privacy Policy Already Registered?
View Saved Cars 

You do not have any saved cars at this time.
View My Favorites Page Â» 0Viewed Vehicles Registration Successful!
You're now logged in as and will receive alerts when price changes, new offers become available or a vehicle is sold.
Would you like us to send you price alerts? Yes pleaseNot now Make the most of your secure shopping experience by creating an account.

Access your saved cars on any device.

Receive Price Alert emails when price changes, new offers become available or a vehicle is sold.

Securely store your current vehicle information and access tools to save time at the the dealership.
 Privacy Policy Already Registered?
View Saved Cars 

You do not have any recently viewed cars at this time.
View My Favorites Page Â» 0Alerts Sign Up Alerts Set!
You're now logged in as and will receive alerts when price changes, new offers become available or a vehicle is sold.
Please provide your email address to begin receiving price alerts at home, at work, and on your phone! Privacy Policy Already Registered?
View Saved Cars 

You do not have any unread price alerts at this time.
View My Favorites Page Â» Info Make the most of your shopping experience!
View Saved Cars | Create Account Save Cars and continue your research later at home or on the go with your phone! Compare all your cars at once from one place, side-by-side! Get notified by email or text message when a car you're interested in drops in price! Hide
Show Masks Required In-Store.
Read our COVID-19 update.
PRIVACY STATEMENT
This Privacy Statement covers the information
practices of Hertz Car Sales, LLC and its applicable car sales subsidiaries and
affiliates whose registered office is 8501 Williams Road Estero, Florida 33928
("Hertz") and is to be read in conjunction with the The Hertz
Corporation Privacy Policy which can be found here.
This Privacy Statement was last updated December 31, 2019.

Hertz believes strongly in protecting your
privacy and the confidentiality of your Personal Information.
We acknowledge
that you may have privacy and security concerns with respect to the information
we collect, use, and disclose to third parties for the purpose of allowing us
to view and/or sell our vehicles and          &nbsp.
services to you.
As used in this Statement, Personal Information is any
combination of information, in the possession of or likely to come into the
possession of Hertz, that identifies,
relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably
be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual or household
("Personal&nbsp.
Information")&nbsp.
and&nbsp.
will&nbsp.
be&nbsp.
treated&nbsp.
in&nbsp.
accordance&nbsp.
with&nbsp.
this&nbsp.
Privacy Statement.
Any information which cannot be used to identify a discrete individual or household (such as aggregated statistical information) is not Personal
Information.
 
PURPOSE FOR
COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Hertz
collects, uses and discloses your Personal Information in its normal course of
business for the following purposes:
Â·       &nbsp.
Where you are interested in purchasing a vehicle from Hertz, assisting you in the completion of your application and the assessment of your eligibility for making such a purchase;
Â·       &nbsp.
Where you have
purchased a vehicle from Hertz, the processing and maintenance of any
additional services you have obtained with the purchased vehicle, as well as
any applicable renewal of such service;
Â·       &nbsp.
Establishing and maintaining communications with you;
Â·       &nbsp.
Responding to your inquiries about other
vehicles or services;
Â·       &nbsp.
Allowing our affiliated companies to notify
you of certain vehicles, products,
or services offered
by our affiliated companies;
Â·       &nbsp.
Processing transactions through service providers
(e.g.
banks);
Â·       &nbsp.
Meeting legal, security, processing, and
regulatory requirements;
Â·       &nbsp.
Protecting against fraud, suspicious or other
illegal activities.
 
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The information gathered by Hertz during the
initial interest and/or purchasing process falls into two categories: (1)
information voluntarily supplied you and (2) information provided by third
parties necessary to complete any sales transaction.
Information voluntarily provided by you
 
When purchasing or viewing a vehicle, you may
choose to provide us with information to help us serve your needs.
The Personal
Information that we collect will depend on what those needs are.
Â·       &nbsp.
Where and what type of vehicle you are looking
to purchase
To best provide you with a positive experience,
we may collect information about your preferences and needs in a vehicle.
We
may use this information to communicate with you in the future regarding such
preferred vehicle.
We may also collect information related to any additional
services which go along with purchasing such a vehicle.
For example, we may
collect information related to your financing needs, your warranty or servicing
needs, and other services     &nbsp.
which are
offered with the vehicle by third parties (like OnStar subscriptions, SIRIUSXM
subscriptions or AT&T in-vehicle hot-spot services).
If you request further
information about third party services, we require you to submit your name,
e-mail address, and other Personal Information so we may send you the material you have requested,
and to enable us to support the third party offering those services to you.
 
Any Personal Information that you send us will
be used for the purpose indicated this Privacy Statement or as otherwise
necessary for the completion of the sales transaction you agree to.
Information provided by Third Parties
 
As part of your purchase of a vehicle from
Hertz, we may be required to collect information from third parties such as
governmental or taxing authorities.
Additionally, we may be required to check
your credit history if you are contemplating financing your purchase of a
vehicle.
As a consequence, we will also collect information from consumer
reporting agencies relating to your credit and insurability.
 
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO OTHERS
We do not disclose any Personal Information
about you to any third parties except as stated in this Privacy Statement, as
otherwise permitted by law, or authorized by you.
We may sell or otherwise
monetize your information to unrelated third parties where permitted by law.

Third parties to whom we disclose information
are required by law and contractual undertakings to keep your Personal
Information confidential and secure, and to use and disclose it for purposes
that a reasonable person would consider appropriate in the circumstances, in
compliance with all applicable legislation, which purposes are as follows:
Â·       &nbsp.
To provide the products and services you have
requested from us;
Â·       &nbsp.
To notify you or allow our entrusted
third parties to notify you of certain products or services offered by our entrusted third parties;
Â·       &nbsp.
For legal, claims settlement and valuation services;
Â·       &nbsp.
To process transactions through data
processing service providers;
Â·       &nbsp.
If the information is a credit card number, to
process credit card payments-through third party payment processing, clearing
and settlement systems in association with various banks.
and
Â·       &nbsp.
To other financial institutions with whom we
have joint marketing agreements.
 
If these third parties wish to use your
Personal Information for any other purpose, they will have a legal obligation
to notify you of this and, where required, to obtain your consent.
Contact us
at Privacy@Hertz.com
for more information on these third parties.
Affiliate
Sharing
In the normal course of performing services
for our clients, Personal Information may be shared within Hertz and its
affiliates for marketing, research and statistical purposes, system
administration, and crime prevention or detection.
Service
Providers
Hertz vehicles often have services which
correspond or are otherwise available to the owner of the vehicle.
For example,
warranty, road-side services, and   &nbsp.
mobile communication services may be available for the vehicle you are
purchasing.
In order to best support your acquisition and use of such services,
your Personal Information may be disclosed
to these service providers as part of your transaction with Hertz.
Additionally,
Hertz may engage other third party service
providers in support
of our interaction with you.
We will provide relevant
personal Information to these
service providers as well.
Hertz's service suppliers adhere to the same
protections regarding the collection, use, and retention of data as we do.
Business
Transactions
As we continue to develop our business, we
might sell or buy assets.
In such transactions, user information, including
Personal Information, generally is one of the transferred business assets.
Also,
if either Hertz itself or substantially all of Hertz assets were acquired, your
Personal Information may be one of the transferred assets.
Therefore, we may
disclose and/or transfer your Personal Information to a third party purchaser
in these circumstances
 
Other Legally Required Disclosures
Hertz preserves the right to disclose, without
your prior permission, any Personal Information about you if Hertz has a good
faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) protect and defend the
rights, property or safety of Hertz, employees, other customers or clients, or
the public.
(b) enforce the terms and conditions that apply to the purchase of
a vehicle.
or (c) as required by a legally valid request from a competent
governmental authority.
We may also disclose Personal Information as we deem necessary
to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental
request
 
LIMITING COLLECTION AND RETENTION
OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Hertz will
collect, use, or disclose Personal Information that is necessary for the
purposes described in this Statement or as permitted by law.
Hertz will collect
Personal Information by fair and lawful means.
We will normally retain Personal
Information as long as necessary
for the fulfillment of the Identified Purposes.
However, some Personal Information may be retained
for longer periods
as required by law, contract,
or auditing requirements.
 
SAFEGUARDS
We have in place physical, electronic and
procedural safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information we
maintain.
Safeguards will vary depending on the sensitivity, format, location,
amount, distribution and storage of the Personal Information.
They include
physical, technical, and managerial measures to keep Personal Information
protected from unauthorized access
 
ACCURACY, ACCOUNTABILITY, OPENNESS AND
CUSTOMER ACCESS
Our knowing about changes to some of your
Personal Information (e.g.
email address) may be key to effectively
communicating with you at your request.
If any of your details change you can
update us by e-mailing us at contact@Hertz.com.
Please keep us informed of changes to your Personal Information.
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS 
California's Civil Code section 1798.100 et
seq.
provides residents of California a number of rights as they relate to
Personal Information.
These are the "right to know", the "right to delete", and
the "right to opt-out".

Right to Know.
You may request Hertz provide you the
specific pieces of personal information that Hertz has about you.
categories of
personal information we have collected about you.
categories of sources from
which the personal information is collected.
categories of personal information
that Hertz sold or disclosed for a business purpose about you.
categories of
third parties to whom the personal information was sold or disclosed for a
business purpose.
and the business or commercial purpose for collecting or
selling personal information.
Please note that much of the information you can
make a request for is already contained in this Policy.
Should you wish to
exercise this right, please see the section below which explains how to do so.
If you do not have an account with Hertz, we may ask for some Personal
Information in order to verify your identity and your rights to the data
subject to your request.

Right to Delete.
California law gives residents a limited
right to request deletion of their Personal Information.
However, this right is
limited by a number of exceptions.
Fundamentally, if Hertz has a permissible
need to retain Personal Information, we are not under an obligation to delete
such information, even when requested.
Generally, we retain Personal
Information so we may complete the transaction for which the personal
information was collected, provide a good or service requested by you, or
reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship
with you, or otherwise perform a contract between us and you.
detect security
incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity.
or prosecute those responsible for that activity.
debug to identify and repair
errors that impair existing intended functionality of our online properties.
enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations
based on your relationship with Hertz.
comply with a legal obligation.
or
otherwise use your personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is
compatible with the context in which your provided the information.
As such, we
generally do not accept requests to delete Personal Information.
However, we
will respond to requests to remove Personal Information from some of our
systems as a part of a request to close or otherwise disable a membership
account.
If you would like to request deletion of Personal Information, please
see the section below which explains how to do so.
If you do not have an
account with Hertz, we may ask for some Personal Information in order to verify
your identity and your rights to the data subject to your request.

Right to Opt-Out.
We may sell or
otherwise monetize your information to unrelated third parties where permitted
by law.
You have the right to request that We do not sell Personal
Information that We have collected.&nbsp.
If
you exercise that right, please note that pursuant to the CCPA We may have to
subsequently inform you that you need to opt-in if the sale of your Personal
Information is required to complete a transaction you have initiated.&nbsp.
If opting-in is required, We will provide you
with the necessary instructions.
If you would like to request that We do not
sell your Personal Information pursuant to the requirements of the CCPA, click here or call 888-777-5870.&nbsp.
The link
will take you to an interactive webform that you can complete and submit to
make a request for deletion.
if you use the telephone number, you will be
guided through a process that will allow you to submit a request.
We may also share
Personal Information with third parties for marketing purposes.
You may choose
to opt-out of the sharing of your Personal Information with third parties for
marketing purposes at any time by submitting a request in writing to Our
contact address below .
Please note that this opt-out does not prohibit
disclosure made for non-marketing purposes.

Designating an Authorized Agent.
California law permits California residents
to designate an agent to manage their rights under California law.
If you would
like to designate an agent to manage your privacy preferences, you may do so using
the mechanisms noted below under "Exercising California Privacy Rights".
Note
that If you do not have an account with Hertz, we may ask for some Personal
Information in order to verify your identity and your rights to the data
subject to your request.
We will also need sufficient Personal Information
about your authorized agent to be able to identify them.
As part of this
process, you must have permission from your authorized agent to disclose their
Personal Information to us for the purpose of acting as your agent.

Non-discrimination.
California law does not permit Hertz to
discriminate against you because you exercised any your rights under this
title, including, but not limited to, by: denying you access to goods or
services.
charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including
through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties.
providing
a different level or quality of goods or services.
suggesting that you will
receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or
quality of goods or services.        &nbsp.


Exercising California privacy rights.
If you are a California resident and would
like to exercise any of your rights you may do so by going to our website at
www.hertz.com/californiaprivacyrights, emailing us at privacy@hertz.com, or
calling 888-777-5870.


QUESTIONS OR TO WITHDRAW CONSENTIf you have
any further questions about this Statement, or other data handling practices of
Hertz, please contact by sending an email to us at: privacy@Hertz.comWe will need to validate the identity of
anyone making such a request to ensure that we do not provide your information
to anyone who does not have the right to such information.
Normally we will respond
to access requests within 30 days.

ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURESThis
site is being monitored by one or more third-party monitoring software(s), and may capture information about your visit that will help
us improve the quality of our service.
You may unsubscribe and/or control the data being collected from the web visit by clicking here www.RecaptureIQ.com.
Find A Used Rental Car 
 Search All Used Cars 
 See Hertz Car Locations 
 Location Log In 
 Get In Touch With Us 
 Contact Us 
 Visit the Hertz Car Sales Blog 
 Site Map 
 About Hertz Car Sales 
 A Better Way to Buy Used Cars 
 Frequently Asked Questions 
 Careers 
 Hertz Companies 
 Hertz Car Rental 
 Hertz Entertainment Services 
 Hertz Dealer Direct 
 Follow Us 
 Facebook Twitter Instagram HERTZ IS COMMITTED TO YOUR PRIVACY.
FOR DETAILS PLEASE READ OUR PRIVACY POLICY | YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS &amp.
TERMS OF CONDITIONSHERTZ CAR SALESÂ® AND HERTZ RENT2BUYÂ® ARE REGISTERED TRADEMARKSÂ© 2015 THE HERTZ CORPORATION.
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
.
.
.
Opens in new window PDF Download Word Download Excel Download PowerPoint Download Document Download Explore your accessibility options.
transfer close carousel 
      