
         $.02 How it works Links FAQ Moreexpand_more Testimonials Security Scam? HEX vs Bitcoin credit_cardHow to buy menu How it works Links FAQ Testimonials Security Scam? HEX vs Bitcoin credit_cardHow to buy Privacy Policy At HEX.COM, accessible from https://HEX.com or http://HEX.com or any subdomain, such as https://go.HEX.com, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors.
This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by HEX.COM and how we use it.
 If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
 Analytics If you really care about your privacy you should be using the tor browser from http://tor.eff.org.
We prefer not to have any data about you at all really, as it's just a liability.
We do use google analytics and are hosted on AWS currently to try and figure out where traffic is coming from and which pages on the site are being read the most.
Many hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics.
The information collected by analytics includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks.
These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
No matter what any company writes in their terms of service, they can always change them, or break their own rules, so you must be responsible for protecting your own privacy.
 Cookies and Web Beacons Like any other website, HEX.COM uses 'cookies'.
These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited.
The information is used to optimize the users' experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information.
 Privacy Policies Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on HEX.COM, which are sent directly to users' browser.
They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs.
These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
 Note that HEX.COM has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
 Third Party Privacy Policies HEX.COM's Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites.
Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information.
It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.
You may find a complete list of these Privacy Policies and their links here: Privacy Policy Links.
 You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options.
To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
What Are Cookies
 Children's Information Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet.
We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
 HEX.COM does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13.
If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
 Online Privacy Policy Only This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in HEX.COM.
This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Downloads Trading Developers Copyright © 2022.
All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer ToS Privacy 
      