
Hey.Café services may not be used for illegal purposes, or in support of illegal activities.
Hey.Café reserves the right to cooperate with legal authorities and/or injured third parties in the investigation of any suspected crime or civil wrongdoing.
Activities that are not allowed on any Hey.Café services


Threats / Harassment
Any material or abuse of services that threatens or encourages bodily harm or destruction of property, or that harasses another.


Forgery or impersonation
Adding, removing or modifying identifying network header information in an effort to deceive or mislead is prohibited.
Attempting to impersonate any person by using forged headers or other identifying information is prohibited.
The use of anonymous remailers or nicknames does not constitute impersonation.


Fraudulent activity
Using any Hey.Café services to make fraudulent offers to sell or buy products, items, or services, or to advance any type of financial scam such as "pyramid schemes".


Unauthorized access
To access, or to attempt to access, the accounts of others, or to penetrate, or attempt to penetrate, security measures of Hey.Café or another entity's computer software or hardware, electronic communications system, or telecommunications system, whether or not the intrusion results in the corruption or loss of data, is expressly prohibited and the offending Hey.Café account is subject to immediate termination.


Copyright or trademark infringement
Using any Hey.Café service to infringe any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret or other proprietary rights of any third party, including, but not limited to, the unauthorized copying of copyrighted material, the digitization and distribution of photographs from magazines, books, or other copyrighted sources, and the unauthorized transmittal of copyrighted software.


Collection of personal data
To collect, or attempt to collect, personal information about third parties without their knowledge or consent.


Network disruptions and unfriendly activity
Use of any Hey.Café services for any activity which affects the ability of other people or systems to use Hey.Café Services or the Internet.
This includes "Denial of Service" (DoS) attacks against another network host or individual user.
Interference with or disruption of other network users, services or equipment is prohibited.
It is the Member's responsibility to ensure that their network is configured in a secure manner.
A Subscriber may not, through action or inaction, allow others to use their network for illegal or inappropriate actions.
A Subscriber may not permit their network, through action or inaction, to be configured in such a way that gives a third party the capability to use their network in an illegal or inappropriate manner.
Unauthorized entry and/or use of another company and/or individual's computer system will result in immediate account termination.
Hey.Café will not tolerate any subscriber attempting to access the accounts of others, or penetrate security measures of other systems, whether or not the intrusion results in corruption or loss of data.


Fraud
Involves a knowing misrepresentation or misleading statement, writing or activity made with the intent that the person receiving it will act upon it.


Distribution of Viruses/Malware
Intentional distributions of software that attempts too and/or causes damage, harassment, or annoyance to persons, data, and/or computer systems are prohibited.
Such an offence will result in the immediate termination of the offending account.


Selling private information
Selling or sharing data of users without consent including usernames, passwords, location information and more.


Spam content
The use of our services to host spam content is not allowed.
