
        Cookie policyVirtualtrips Limited respects the privacy of our customers and online visitors.
The below details our cookie policy (the 
Cookie Policy
), which you should read carefully.
This Cookie Policy is incorporated by reference into our Terms of Service.
Any terms defined in the Terms of Service shall have the same meaning in this Cookie Policy unless specified otherwise.
What are cookiesCookies are tiny files stored on your computer when you visit websites.
We use cookies to remember you when you come back to our site and keep track of the options you have selected.
To get the best Heygo experience, you need to have cookies turned on.
If you don't wish to enable cookies, you will still be able to use the Website but you may not be able to use some of the essential features.
Cookies do not harm your computer.
We use cookies to perform several functions, including to: 

help you navigate our Website to provide you with a seamless experience.

improve our Website by collecting information on how you use it so that we can provide you with a better experience.

personalise features and Content.
and
enable social media features and deliver targeted advertising.

These cookies are listed out below:


Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies are required for users to navigate our Website and use its features, which include, accessing your account without having to repeatedly log in.
remembering your actions in a session.
or making use of billing services.
Without these cookies, we can not guarantee the performance of our Website


Performance cookies
We use performance cookies, primarily Google Analytics cookies, to collect information about how users use our website.
We collect information such as the part of the webpage clicked, length of time of each session, number of webpages visited, and error messages with the purpose of improving our Website.
The analytics cookies used on our site have the following names: _ga, _gat, utma, utmt, utmb, utmc, utmz and utmv.
For more information on Google Analytics, please click here.
If you would like more information about the privacy policy of the Google Analytics’ service, please click here.
We also use Hotjar in order to better understand our users' needs and to optimize this service and experience.
Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users' experience (eg how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don't like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback.
Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users' behavior and their devices.
This includes a device's IP address (processed during your session and stored in a de-identified form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), and the preferred language used to display our website.
Hotjar stores this information on our behalf in a pseudonymized user profile.
Hotjar is contractually forbidden to sell any of the data collected on our behalf.
For further details, please see the 'about Hotjar' section of Hotjar's support site.


Functionality cookies
Functionality cookies allow us to remember the choices you make on our Website.
for example, your username.
With this information, we can provide more personalised features to you.
We use these cookies to verify your account and determine when you’re logged in so we can make it easier for you to access tours and Content.
Cookies also help us remember your browser so you do not have to keep logging into Heygo.


Targeting and advertising cookies of third parties
Third parties may also use cookies, over which we have no control and we shall not be liable in this respect.
Please refer to the third party websites for their respective cookie policies.
In particular:

we use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our Website, as mentioned above.
You can access the Google Analytics privacy policy here;
to determine your interests, Google will track your behaviour on our site and on other websites across the internet using the DoubleClick cookie.
This behaviour tracking allows Google to tailor the advertisements you see on other websites to reflect your interests.
You can view, delete or add interest categories associated with your browser here.
You can also opt out of the AdSense partner network cookie using those settings or using the Network Advertising Initiative’s multi-cookie opt-out mechanism here.
These opt-out mechanisms themselves use cookies, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained.
To ensure that an opt-out is maintained in respect of a particular browser, you may wish to consider using the Google browser plug-in available here;
we use Facebook Pixel which tracks the performance of advertising campaigns.
You can read more about how they process data here.
and
social media providers such as Facebook, Instagram and Youtube, which provide services to both our users and us, use cookies that enable the third parties to collect and store information such as user preferences and pages visited for advertising purposes or improvement of services.
Please refer to these third party websites for their respective cookie policies.
You can find Facebook’s here, Instagram’s here and Google’s here (which applies to Youtube).

You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies.
If you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our Website.
Our website also makes use of the Google AdWords service for remarketing purposes but, as already said above, we have no control over these cookies and we shall therefore not be liable in this respect.
If you want to prevent these cookies, please disable them here.

How to prevent cookiesIf you want to disable one or more cookies used by our Website, you can express your choice through the third parties’ consent forms found at the websites we are providing to you in this Cookie Policy.
You may also prevent cookies by changing your browser settings.
If you consent to our use of cookies but later wish to opt out, you may delete the cookies which have been set and change your browser settings to block any further cookies.
For more information please visit:
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
https://support.microsoft.com
https://support.mozilla.org
https://support.google.com
https://support.apple.com
The above links provide information on managing settings for major browser providers.
You can install a Google Analytics browser “plug in” to prevent the website sending information about your visit to Google Analytics.
For further information please visit: www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.
As cookies are intended to enhance or enable the usability and processes of our Website, preventing or deleting cookies may prevent you from using the features on our Website, or cause the Website to perform differently in your browser than the way it was designed.Changes to the Cookie PolicyThe terms of this Cookie Policy will govern the use of cookies and any information collected while it is in place, except third parties’ cookies.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, Heygo reserves the right to change this Cookie Policy at any time.
We encourage you to check our Website from time to time for updates.
Changes to this Cookie Policy are effective at the time they are posted onto our Website.ContactQuestions, comments and requests regarding this Cookie Policy are welcomed and should be emailed to info@heygo.com.
