
         Privacy Policy Glocash Co., Limited Informs to it's Users that it complies with the current data protection regulations, and with special character, with spanish Organic Law 15/1999 or December 13th of Protection of Personal Data, Law 34/2002 and Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation).
In accordance with the provisions of current legislation, Glocash Co., Limited only collect the data strictly necessary to offer the services derived from its activity and other services, services and activities attributed by the Law.
This data protection policy may change over time due a legislative changes, case law or the criteria followed by the Spanish Data Protection Agency and/or the competent authority at any time.
Thas is why Glocash Co., Limited Reserves the right to modify the present legal notice to adapt it to legislative or jurisprudential novelties that are in force at the precise moment in with the websites are accessed, as well as to practices of the sector.
In the above assumptions, Glocash Co., Limited will announce on this website all the changes introduced well in advance of this implementation. Commitment of the user so that his data is inscribed in a file Entering the data in one or some of the data collection sheets (registration form for example), implies accepting the present conditions of use and privacy policy, assuming that you have been informed of the conditions of use and legal notice of this conditions and that User commited to its full compliance during navitagion and participation in the web https://www.hiccears.com Avoid transmitting data to third parties without the user's express knowledge Likewise, and unless the User has been informed of the possible existence of assignment of their data to third parties, and their consent has been obtained, in no case, except in cases covered by current legislation, no third party outside Glocash Co., Limited will have access without the express consent of the Users to their personal data and/or navitagion information.
In all other cases Glocash Co., Limited will collaborate so that the thirt parties comply with the current legislation, although the liability will be demandable to the aforementioned third parties.
Glocash Co., Limited doesn't sell, rent or transfer the personal data of the users of this website, except in the case that is necessary for the own provision of the service.
Glocash Co., Limited doesn't sell, rent or give away the e-mails of its users to othere companies, except for the case that is necessary for the own provision of the service. Privacy HicceArs.com files do not contain private data or require information to identity natural persons.
Likewise, hiccears.com doesn't store at any time data related to payment methods such as payment by credit card or online payment systems, thus keeping only minimal data for billing and presentation of information in front of the offices of the Tax Agency.
The user's email remains hidden by default on the artist profile until the user's edit the profile information of his artist account and allow show it to the other users (visitors of his profile) Contact form The data provided on the Contact Formulary will be used only for the interest of solve any problem or any request provided on the form.
Will be saved the sufficient amout of time for solve the problem or the request presented on it.

As any data on our website, any data provided by the Contact Formulary will not be shared with any third party.


 Account deletion In any moment, the user can request the deletion of his account, this request can be done on the form for edit the main account information 
 Here
At the moment of the request, the account will be blocked automatically and deleted on the next 24/48 hours after the request.
Any account deleted can not be restored after the process of his deletion starts.

 Cookie Policy What is a Cookie? [Extract from Wikipedia] An HTTP cookie (also called web cookie, Internet cookie, browser cookie, or simply cookie) is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored on the user's computer by the user's web browser while the user is browsing.
Cookies were designed to be a reliable mechanism for websites to remember stateful information (such as items added in the shopping cart in an online store) or to record the user's browsing activity (including clicking particular buttons, logging in, or recording which pages were visited in the past).
They can also be used to remember arbitrary pieces of information that the user previously entered into form fields such as names, addresses, passwords, and credit card numbers.

For more information, please visit next link 
 Here

Cookies used on Hiccears.com
 On Hiccears.com use different type of cookies but isn't for storage any personal data from real user. Mainly, the cookies we use can be classified with next list:



JS cookie

 Used for few elements on the website, like cookie warning.
No store anything related to user's session.
Personalize

 Used and created for allow website identify and detect a registered user and create a personalized navigation inside the website.



For any further information Contact Us
