
         PRIVACY POLICY


What information do we collect?


We collect information from you when you visit or register on our site.
Among other things, that information may include what pages you visit, the page that referred you to our site, and whether you clicked on an advertisement on our site.
It may also include information about your internet connection and other, non-personally identifying information about your visit.
If you choose to provide it, we may also collect your email address.
We also collect information about any purchases you make after clicking on on of our links following a visit to our site.


What do we use your information for?


The information we collect from you may be used in the following ways:

To improve our website and advertising products (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To send periodic emails
To provide partners with analysis of their deal performance and advertising campaigns
To track sales referred by our advertisements and/or webpages



How do we protect your information?


We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your information.
We do not maintain any sensitive personal information.


Do we use cookies?


Yes.
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your web browser that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors.
These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.


Do we disclose any information to outside parties?


Visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
This includes trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you.
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.


Third party links


Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website.
These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies.
We have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
Nonetheless, to protect the integrity of our site, we welcome any feedback about these sites.


California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance


Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act.
We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.


Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance


Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), and we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age.


Global Privacy Policy


We are committed to complying with all global privacy regulations that apply to users of our site.
This privacy policy is meant to be straightforward and understandable to our users.
However, if you have a question or a request relating to the use of your information, please email contact[at]highlightreviews.com.


Terms and Conditions


Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at http://highlightreviews.com/tos


Your Consent


By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.


Changes to our Privacy Policy


If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
