
         Terms and Conditions of Use



By accessing this website ("Site"), you are agreeing to be bound by these Terms and Conditions of Use ("Terms"), all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws.
If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site.
The materials contained in this site are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
These Terms and Conditions of Use constitute a legally binding contract.


1.
Definitions


"You" and "your" refer to you, as a user of the Site.
A "user" is someone who accesses, browses, crawls, scrapes, or in any way uses the Site.
"We", "us", and "our" refer to Highlight Reviews.

"Content" means text, images, photos, audio, video, location data, and all other forms of data or communication.
"User Content" means Content that users submit or transmit to, through, or in connection with the Site.
"Site Content" means all of the Content that is made available in connection with the Site.


2.
Changes to the Terms of Service



We may modify the Terms of Service from time to time by posting the changes on this site or by otherwise notifying you.
You should revisit these Terms on a regular basis as revised versions will be binding on you.
Any such modification will be effective upon our posting of new Terms.
You understand and agree that your continued access to or use of the Site after any posted modification to the Terms indicates your acceptance of the modification.


3.
Use License



Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on this website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only.
This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:

modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on this website;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials.
or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.

This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Us at any time.
Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
To access or use the Site, you must be 18 years or older and have the requisite power and authority to enter into these Terms.
You may not access or use the Site if we have previously banned you from the Site or closed your account.
We may use content you submit to this Site in a number of different ways, including selling it to third parties, publicly displaying it, reformatting it, incorporating it into advertisements and other works, creating derivative works from it, promoting it, distributing it, and allowing others to do the same in connection with their own websites and media platforms.
As such, you hereby irrevocably grant us world-wide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable, transferable rights to use your content for any purpose.
You also irrevocably grant the users of the Site and any Other Media the right to access Your Content in connection with their use of the Site and any other media.
Finally, you irrevocably waive, and cause to be waived, against Us and Our users any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to Your Content.
By "use" we mean use, copy, publicly perform or display, distribute, modify, translate, and create derivative works of your content.
User content does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Our Company.
We reserve the right to remove, screen, edit, or reinstate user content from time to time at our sole discretion and without notice to you.


4.
Disclaimer



The materials on this web site are provided “as is”.
We make no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
Further, We do not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold Us, Our parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, any related companies, suppliers, licensors and partners, and the officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives of each of them harmless, including costs, liabilities and legal fees, from any claim or demand made by any third party arising out of or relating to (i) your access to or use of the Site, (ii) your violation of the Terms, (iii) any products or services purchased or obtained by you in connection with the Site, or (iv) the infringement by you, or any third party using your account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity.
We reserve the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims.
You agree not to settle any matter without Our prior written consent.
We will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action or proceeding upon becoming aware of it.


5.
Limitations


In no event shall We or Our suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Our site, even if Our authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage.
Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.


6.
Revisions and Errata



The materials appearing on Our web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors.
We do not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current.
We may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice.
We do not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.


7.
Links



We has not reviewed all of the sites linked to on this site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site.
The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Us of the site.
Use of any linked web site is at the user’s own risk.


8.
Restrictions



We are under no obligation to enforce the Terms on your behalf against another user.
While we encourage you to let us know if you believe another user has violated the Terms, we reserve the right to investigate and take appropriate action at our sole discretion.
You agree not to, and will not assist, encourage, or enable others to use the Site to:

Violate any third party's rights, including any breach of confidence, copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right;
Threaten, stalk, harm, or harass others, or promote bigotry or discrimination;
Send bulk emails, surveys, or other mass messaging, whether commercial in nature or not.
engage in keyword spamming, or otherwise attempt to manipulate the Site's search results or any third party website;
Solicit personal information from minors, or submit or transmit pornography.
or
Violate any applicable law.

You also agree not to, and will not assist, encourage, or enable others to:

Violate the Terms;
Modify, adapt, appropriate, reproduce, distribute, translate, create derivative works or adaptations of, publicly display, sell, trade, or in any way exploit the Site or Site Content (other than Your Content), except as expressly authorized by Us;
Use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application, or other automated device, process or means to access, retrieve, scrape, or index any portion of the Site or any Site Content;
Reverse engineer any portion of the Site;
Remove or modify any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notice that appears on any portion of the Site or on any materials printed or copied from the Site;
Record, process, or mine information about other users;
Access, retrieve or index any portion of the Site for purposes of constructing or populating a searchable database;
Reformat or frame any portion of the Site;
Take any action that imposes, or may impose, in our sole discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on Our technology infrastructure or otherwise make excessive traffic demands of the Site;
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Site, user accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the Site through hacking, password mining or any other means;
Use the Site or any Site Content to transmit any computer viruses, worms, defects, Trojan horses or other items of a destructive nature (collectively, "Viruses");
Use any device, software or routine that interferes with the proper working of the Site, or otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site;
Use the Site to violate the security of any computer network, crack passwords or security encryption codes.
disrupt or interfere with the security of, or otherwise cause harm to, the Site or Site Content.
or
Remove, circumvent, disable, damage or otherwise interfere with any security-related features of the Site, features that prevent or restrict the use or copying of Site Content, or features that enforce limitations on the use of the Site.

The restrictions above only apply to the extent permissible under applicable law.
Nevertheless, you agree not to act contrary to them (even if permissible under applicable law) without providing 30 days' prior written notice to us, together with any information that we may reasonably require to give us an opportunity to provide alternative remedies or otherwise accommodate you at our sole discretion.
9.
Governing LawAny claim relating to Our web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

