
         Terms &amp.
Conditions
Honeywell Copyright Notice
Honeywell International Inc.
authorizes you to copy documents published by Honeywell International Inc.
on the World Wide Web for personal or non-commercial use only, provided any copy of these documents that you make shall retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained herein.
Except as expressly provided, nothing contained in this paragraph shall be construed as conferring any license or right under any Honeywell International Inc.
copyright.
No materials available on the Honeywell International Inc.
Website may be stored, transmitted by any means (including but not limited to electronic, mechanical, scanning, photocopying or recording) without prior written permission of Honeywell International Inc.
Trademarks and Intellectual Property Disclaimer
Honeywell, the Honeywell logo, and all product names appearing on our websites are among the trademarks and/or service marks owned by Honeywell International Inc., or its subsidiaries or affiliates, and no trademark or service mark or other license is granted in connection with the materials contained on any Honeywell website.
Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license to any patent, trademark or other intellectual property right of Honeywell International Inc.
or any third party.
Honeywell International Inc.
makes no representations or warranties that any use of the information contained on this website will not infringe any such patent, trademark or other intellectual property right of Honeywell International Inc.
or any third party.
General Legal
Should you view the Honeywell International Inc.
website and respond with information (excluding personal information, which is addressed under the Internet Privacy Policy) including questions, comments or suggestions regarding the content of the Honeywell International Inc.
website, such information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and Honeywell International Inc.
shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such information and shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute the information to others without limitation.
Honeywell International Inc.
shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such information for any purpose whatsoever including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products incorporating such information.
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR OF ANY NATURE REGARDING THE INFORMATION OR THE PRODUCT TO WHICH THE INFORMATION REFERS.
The information on this website may include typographical inaccuracies.
Under no circumstances will Honeywell International Inc.
be liable to any person or business entity for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other damages based on any use of this website or any other website to which the Honeywell International Inc.
Website is linked, including, without limitation, any lost profits, business interruption, or loss of programs or information, even if Honeywell International Inc.
has been specifically advised of the possibility of such damages.
