
         Privacy Policy 
This privacy policy (the “Policy”) explains what data Panabee LLC (also referred to as "we," "our," or "us") collects from users through our products, services, events and programs (“Service” or “Services”).
By using any of these Services, you consent to the terms of this Policy.
 Data Collection
We collect data for various purposes to provide and improve the Services to you.

When you interact with us through the Services, we may collect data from you or from other sources.
This may be information you directly provide to us, such as personal information you provide when you visit the Services, or information that is passively or automatically collected from you, such as anonymous information collected from your browser or device.
The data we collect consists of but is not limited to:



Data provided directly when you register for, or use, the Services. This data will vary, but typically consists of name, email address, postal address, phone number and other similar contact data.
We also receive data from the communications you send to us, such as customer service inquiries, product reviews and other feedback regarding the Services.


User credentials, such as username, password, password hints and similar security information used to create an account and authenticate users of the Services.

Demographic data, such as age, gender, country and language preference.

Payment data, such as credit card information and billing address.

Device data, such as type of device, operating system and other software installed on the device, device settings, IP address, device identifiers and error reports.

Usage data, such as the programs and features you access, items you purchase, and the timing, frequency and duration of your interactions through the Services.

Location data, such as IP addresses received from your device.

Third-party integrations. If you connect your use of the Services through a third-party service (e.g., a social media platform), the third party may share certain information from your third-party account with us.

Other third-party data, such as data from our affiliates, partners or vendors, data brokers or public sources.
 Data Usage

Our usage of data includes the purposes listed below.
 Service Operation 
These purposes include needing:



To fulfill transactions that you request.


To deliver location-based Services and comply with territorial restrictions.


To diagnose and fix problems with the Services and providing other customer support services.


For analytical purposes to better understand our users and how they use our Services.


To advance and enhance our Services with new or improved functionality.


To build predictive models, which allow us to tailor the Services based on the data we have about how our users use our Services.

 User Communication 
These purposes include needing:



To respond to your request if you contact us with a question or concern.


To provide information about your account, your use of the Services or other transactions that you request.


To deliver news, updates and other types of communications, according to your subscriptions, alerts and other preferences.

 Marketing and Advertising 
We use data for marketing or advertising purposes, on behalf of ourselves, as well as our partners and other parties.
 Security, Compliance, and Enforcement 
These purposes include needing:



To protect the safety and security of our users and our Services.


To detect and prevent abuse, fraud or other unlawful or unauthorized activities.


To resolve disputes.


To enforce our agreements, including our policies and terms of service that govern your use of the Services.

 Other 
We may also use data in other manners as disclosed at the time of collection, or when we have otherwise obtained consent.
Please also note that this Policy is not intended to place any limits on what we do with aggregated, pseudonymized or anonymized data.
 Transfer Of Data

Your data may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.


If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including personal data, to the United States and process it there.


Your consent to this Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.


We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Policy.
 Disclosure Of Data
We may disclose your data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Hotpot Design
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
 Cookies and Similar Technologies

We use cookies and similar technologies (collectively, “Tracking Technologies”) to provide the Services and to collect data.
In addition, third parties may also use Tracking Technologies when you use the Services.
for example, if we engaged a third party to operate the Services, or because the Services contain content or advertisements delivered by third parties.
These Tracking Technologies consist of the componets below.


Cookies are small text files that are unique to your device or browser.
They can either be session-based (i.e., lasting only while your browser is open and automatically deleted when you close your browser) or persistent (i.e., lasting until you delete them or they expire).

We use Tracking Technologies for the following purposes:



Sign-in/authentication.
When you sign into your account to use the Services, we use Tracking Technologies to store your sign-in information.
This allows the Services to remember your user preferences and give you a more tailored experience based on those preferences.
It also allows you to use the Services without having to sign-in on each page or each time you return.


Security.
We use Tracking Technologies to help detect fraud and abuse of the Services, including attempts to access the Services without authorization.


Analytics.
We use Tracking Technologies to gather usage and performance data about the Services, including counting the number of unique visitors to a particular Service.


Tailoring the Services.
We use Tracking Technologies to collect information about how you use the Services so that we can tailor your experience based on what is most relevant to your interests.



In some cases, we may work with third parties (for example, third party operators of the Services) to synchronize our unique, anonymous identifiers (such as those associated with Tracking Technologies) with the third party’s own identifiers.
This enables us to better achieve each of the purposes described above.


You may disable cookies if you want.
However, if you choose to disable cookies, certain parts of the Services may not work properly.
For more information about cookies and how to manage them, please visit: www.allaboutcookies.org
 Security Of Data

The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
 Privacy Rights &amp.
Removal Of Data

You may at any time review or change the information in your account or terminate your account by emailing requests to info @ hotpot.ai.
Upon a request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases.


In particular, you may at any time request personal data be removed and deleted.


We will do our best to honor these requests.
However, please note that some information may be retained to comply with legal requirements, including, but not limited to, the need to prevent fraud.
stop abuse of the Services.
resolve payment disputes.
assist with local, state, federal, or international investigations.
and enforce our Terms of Use.
 Service Providers

We may employ third-party companies and individuals ("Service Providers") to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties may have access to your data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes.
 Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us.
If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party's site.
We strongly advise you to review the privacy policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services. Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children").


Our policy is to not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of 13.
We encourage parents and guardians to monitor their children’s online behavior, put parental control tools in place, and teach children not to provide their personal data through the Services without parental consent.


If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal data to us without parental consent, please contact us immediately.
We will endeavor to delete that data from our systems.
 Privacy Policy Changes

We may update this Policy from time to time.
We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Policy on this page.
We advise you to review this page
periodically for changes to this Policy.
Your continued use of the Services after any changes to this Policy constitutes your acceptance of the revised Policy.
 Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us by email: info @ hotpot.ai
