

We use and allow select partners to use cookies, clickstream capture, pixels, web beacons, web collection forms and other similar technologies (collectively “Automatic Data Collection Tools”) on our HP Services.
We do this to understand your use of our HP Services.
improve your user experience and enable personalized features and content.
optimize our advertisements and marketing.
and to enable third-party advertising companies to assist us in serving ads specific to your interests across the Internet.

You can find more information about these technologies at: www.allaboutcookies.org.


ONLINE AUTOMATIC DATA COLLECTION TOOLS

When you visit any HP website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies.
This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to and can give you a more personalized web experience.

HP uses Automatic Data Collection Tools for the following reasons:


Strictly Necessary Tools: These are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off.
Without these, the website or service you are requesting would be impossible to provide essential functionalities (like checkout) or display appropriate content based on the type of device you are using.


Performance and Analytics Tools: These tools collect aggregated, statistical-type information to enable HP to measure, optimize and improve the content, quality and performance of its websites.
We use our own and/or third-party Automatic Data Collection Tools to see how you use our websites and services in order to enhance their performance and develop them according to the preferences of our customers and visitors.
For example, Automatic Data Collection Tools may be used to: test different designs and to ensure that we maintain a consistent look and feel across our websites.
track and provide trend analysis on how our users interact with our websites and communications.
track errors and measure the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns.
We use third party tools to track website usage and activity.

The data collected will generally be aggregated to provide trends and usage patterns for business analysis, site/platform improvement and performance metrics.
Our Automatic Data Collection Tools or the resulting analysis may be also shared with our business partners.
The type of information we collect includes how many visitors visit our websites, how many customers log in, when they visited, for how long and which areas of our websites and services but is generally not used to identify you individually.
We may also receive similar information about visitors to our partner websites.


Personalization Tools: These allow us to remember choices you make on our websites (such as your preferred language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personalized features.
These technologies are also used to provide content that aligns to your past behavior or interests.

We also use Automatic Data Collection Tools to change the way our websites behave or look in order to personalize your experience from information we infer from your behavior on our websites or information we may already know about you because, for example, you are a registered customer.
These may be used to tailor the services you receive from us or the content, look and feel delivered to you on subsequent sessions to our websites.
For example, if you personalize webpages, or register for products or services, Automatic Data Collection Tools help our webpage server recall your specific information.
When you next visit our websites, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the website features that you previously chose.
If you use more than one device or computer on a regular basis, we may link Automatic Data Collection Tools together so you will still receive a personalized online experience.
We can also personalize the information you see based on what we already know about you, so that you spend less time looking for things.
With the use of Automatic Data Collection Tools, each visitor to our site can have a web experience which is unique to them.


Targeting Tools: These are set by HP and other third parties (such as select retail or advertising networks) and used to build a profile to deliver targeted advertising off HP websites and applications that is more relevant and useful to you.
These may reflect de-identified demographic or other data linked to data you voluntarily have submitted to us (e.g.
your email address).

These also allow us to collect data related to the HP site and page you visited and your activities on the HP site.
As an example, if you visited one of our product pages, via the use of cookies, we may retarget you across partner sites with additional offers and promotions for a certain period of time.


Social Media Tools: If you are a registered user, the information collected from our websites is not anonymous and we may use this information along with other information we know or infer about you including your preferences to tailor content, services, advertising and offers for you.

These tools are used when you share information using a social media sharing button or "like" button on HP websites sites or apps, or when you engage with our content on or through a social site such as Facebook or Twitter.
This information may be linked to targeting/advertising activities.
The types of tools used by these third parties and how they use the information generated by them will be governed by those companies’ privacy policies.

For more detail on the third parties who use or have access to these tools, please see Privacy Preference Center.


How can you manage these Automatic Data Tools?

Automatic Data Tools that are Strictly Necessary, and third-party technologies used for Performance &amp.
Analytics or Personalization are set to expire after the industry standard 2 years.
Automatic Data Collection Tools used for targeting are set to expire after 90 days since your last visit.

When you visit HP sites, you have the option to accept or adjust what categories of cookies you allow us to place on your browser through our Privacy Preference Center.
You can modify these settings or withdraw your consent at any time by visiting Privacy Preference Center.
Your consent is valid for 13 months, after which you will be prompted to update your preferences.

Alternatively, you may also set your browser to block all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being set.
For more information, please refer to your browser settings.
Note that by disabling certain categories of cookies, you may be prevented from accessing some features of our sites or certain content or functionality may not be available.
Certain browsers allow you to navigate websites in an incognito or private mode.
Once the browser session is closed, typically all cookies collected during the session are automatically destroyed.

Even if you opt-out of Performance &amp.
Analytics tracking and Targeting, you might continue to see non-personalized advertisements from HP via our partners.
As an example, you might visit a website containing Personal Computer feature comparisons.
Based on your interest, our partners might serve you with HP product advertisements.

In the US and Canada, we comply with the Digital Advertising Alliance industry standards with respect to interest-based advertising.
To learn more about your advertising choices if you are in the US, please click here or in Canada please click here.
In the US, the Network Advertising Initiative also offers a means to opt out of a number of advertising cookies.
Please visit www.networkadvertising.org to learn more.
Note that opting out does not mean you will no longer receive online advertising.
It does mean that the company or companies from which you opted out will no longer deliver ads tailored to your web preferences and usage patterns.

Some web browsers incorporate “Do Not Track” features.
Currently, no industry standard exists for handling “Do Not Track” requests, therefore at this time, our websites may not respond to “Do Not Track” requests or headers from these browsers.


HP ADS AND OFFERINGS ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES

HP contracts with service providers to place ads on websites owned by third parties.
Sometimes this will be achieved by sharing data collected through Automated Data Collection Tools.
In addition, we use and may allow ad networks and other third parties to use cookies and other Automated Data Collection Tools to determine how you interact with our websites, communications and services and selected partner websites and to identify your interests, create profiles and interest segments in order to provide advertising that is most relevant and useful to you.


SHARING WITH PARTNERS

Based on your consent through our cookie settings, HP may share targeting cookie data with select partners for the purposes of audience selection and advertisement.
You can change your cookie settings at any time through our cookie settings tool.

For more detail on the third parties who use these tools and with whom we may share your personal data, please see the

Privacy Preference Center


