
        Cookies We use cookies to improve our site and your experience.
By continuing to browse our site you accept our cookie policy Find out more Consumer Consumer Smartphones, Laptops &amp.
Tablets, Wearables and More Corporate About Huawei, Press&Event, and More Enterprise Products, Solutions and Services for Enterprise Carrier Products, Solutions and Services for Carrier

 Phones 
 All Phones 
 Compare Phones 
 Phone Accessories 


 Phone Clone 
 HUAWEI Mobile Services 
 EMUI 11 
 Headphones &amp.
Speakers 


 Find Service Center 
 Learn More HUAWEI Mate 40 Pro
PORSCHE DESIGN HUAWEI Mate 40 RS
HUAWEI P40 Pro
HUAWEI Mate 30 Pro 5G
HUAWEI nova 7

 MateBook 
 All MateBooks 
 MateBook Accessories 


 Headphones &amp.
Speakers 


 Find Service Center 
 Learn More HUAWEI MateBook X 2020 Learn More HUAWEI MateBook X Pro 2020

 MatePad 
 All MatePads 
 Compare Tablets 
 MatePad Accessories 


 AppGallery 
 EMUI 11 
 Headphones &amp.
Speakers 


 Find Service Center 
 Learn More HUAWEI MatePad Pro 5G Learn More HUAWEI MatePad Pro

 EMUI 11 
 HUAWEI Mobile Services 
 All HUAWEI Mobile Services 


 HUAWEI ID 
 HUAWEI Themes 
 Petal Maps 
 HUAWEI Books 
 HUAWEI Assistant 
 HUAWEI Wallet 
 HUAWEI Member Center 
 Petal Search Search for your favorite mobile apps, news, images, videos and more HUAWEI Music Access the world HUAWEI Mobile Cloud The safer way to store your data  HUAWEI Browser The smoother and safer way to surf online

 More Products 
 Wearables 
 Headphones &amp.
Speakers 
 WiFi &amp.
CPE 
 Accessories 


 HUAWEI HiLink Mesh 


 Find Service Center 

 HUAWEI WATCH GT 2 Pro 
 HUAWEI FreeBuds Pro 
 HUAWEI WATCH FIT 
 HUAWEI FreeBuds Studio 
 HUAWEI Sound 
 HUAWEI WiFi AX3 (Quad-core) 

 Support 
 Product Support 


 Service Center 
 Contact Us 


 Visit Support HomePage 

 HUAWEI Mate 30 Pro 
 HUAWEI P40 Pro  Check All Phones  HUAWEI MateBook D 14 
 HUAWEI MateBook X Pro (New)  Check All Laptops  HUAWEI MediaPad M5 8.4" 
 HUAWEI MediaPad M5 10.8"  Check All Tablets  HUAWEI WATCH GT 2 
 HUAWEI Band 4  Check All Wearables  HUAWEI FreeBuds 3 
 HUAWEI FreeBuds Lite  Check All Audio All Products Support 
 Community 
 Consumer Consumer Smartphones, Laptops &amp.
Tablets, Wearables and More Corporate About Huawei, Press&Event, and More Enterprise Products, Solutions and Services for Enterprise Carrier Products, Solutions and Services for Carrier Search Menu search Popular Products Quick View Compare Phones AppGallery Select Language Wearables Accessories Find Service Center enter more search keys 
Africa
Asia Pacific
Europe
Latin America
Middle East
North America
Global
 How Huawei Uses Cookies and Similar Technologies 
 Cookie 
 Web Beacons and Pixel Tags 
 Other Local Storage 
 Do Not Track 
 Cookie  A cookie is a text file stored by a web server on a computer or mobile device, and the content of a cookie can be retrieved and read only by the server that created the cookie.
Cookies are unique to the browser or mobile application you are using.
The text in a cookie often consists of identifiers, site names, and some numbers and characters.

 Sometimes, Huawei stores cookies on computers or mobile devices for the purpose of improving user experience, including the following scenarios: 
 (1) Technical cookies: Login and verification.
When you use a HUAWEI ID to log in to a website, the "session-based" cookies ensure that your visit to this site functions as smoothly as possible.

 (2) Personalization cookies: Storage of your preferences and settings.
A website can use cookies to save settings, such as the language setting and font size on your computer or mobile device, items in your shopping cart, and other browser preferences.

 (3) Advertising cookies.
Huawei uses cookies to collect information about your online activities and interests and provide you with advertisements that correlate most highly with you.

 (4) Statistical cookies.
With cookies, Huawei can collect information about your use of our websites and other applications, either for a single visit (using a session cookie) or for repeated visits (using a persistent cookie).

 (5) Social Media Cookies.
Social media cookies are linked to services provided by third parties, such as 'Like' buttons and 'Share' buttons.
The third party provides these services in return for recognizing that you have visited our websites.

 You can manage or delete cookies at your own preference.
For details, visit AboutCookies.org.
You can clear all the cookies stored on your computer, and most current web browsers provide the option of blocking cookies.
However, blocking cookies will require you to change your user settings every time you visit our website.
Find out how to manage cookie settings for your browser here: Internet Explorer &gt.
Google Chrome &gt.
Mozilla Firefox &gt.
Safari &gt.
Opera.

 If you clear cookies, you will need to change your settings the next time you visit Huawei websites.
Note that some Huawei services require the use of cookies.
Disabling cookies may affect your use of some or all functions of these services.
 Web Beacons and Pixel Tags  In addition to cookies, Huawei and some third parties may also use web beacons or pixel tags on websites.
A web beacon is usually an electronic graphic image embedded into a website or email to identify your device cookies when you browse the website or email.
Pixel tags allow Huawei to send emails in a way that is readable to you and find out whether an email is opened.

 Huawei and some third parties use these technologies for various purposes, including analyzing service usage (together with cookies) and providing more satisfactory content and advertisements to you.
For example, when you receive an email from Huawei, it may contain a click-through URL which links to a Huawei web page.
If you click the link, Huawei will track your visit to help us learn about your preferences for products and services and improve our customer service.
You can unsubscribe from the mailing list of Huawei at any time if you do not want to be tracked in this manner.
 Other Local Storage  Huawei and some third parties may use other local storage technologies, for example, local shared objects (also called "Flash cookies") and HTML5 local storage, in certain products and services.
Similar to cookies, these technologies store information on your device and can record some information about your activities and preferences.
However, these technologies may use different media from cookies.
Therefore, you may not be able to control them using standard browser tools and settings.
For details about how to disable or delete information contained in Flash cookies, click here.
 Do Not Track  Many web browsers provide a Do Not Track function that can release Do Not Track requests to websites.
Currently, major Internet standardization organizations have not established policies to specify how websites should handle these requests.

 If you enable Do Not Track or other similar functions your browser may provide, Huawei will not change the way we collect and use your data as described in this Statement.
However, we reserve the right to respond to your Do Not Track request and stop the collection of your data without prior notice to you.


 Home 
 Legal 
 Cookies 
 PRODUCTS

 Phones 
 Laptops 
 Tablets 
 Wearables 
 Headphones &amp.
Speakers 
 WiFi &amp.
CPE 
 Accessories 
 EMUI 
 Celia 
 MOBILE SERVICES

 AppGallery 
 HUAWEI ID 
 HUAWEI Mobile Cloud 
 HUAWEI Wallet 
 HUAWEI Music 
 HUAWEI Themes 
 HUAWEI Browser 
 HUAWEI Assistant 
 Petal Search 
 Petal Maps 
 HUAWEI BOOKS 
 HUAWEI Member Center 
 SUPPORT

 Find Service Center 
 Product Environmental Information 
 Call Us 
 HiSuite 
 Beta 
 ABOUT HUAWEI

 About Us 
 Ecosystem Partners 
 News 
 Events 
 Sustainability 
 Privacy 
 Contact Us 
 Corporate 
 Enterprise 
 Carrier 
 Join Us 
 Connect With Us 











Copyright © 1998-2020 Huawei Device Co., Ltd.
All rights reserved.

 Site Map 
 Terms Of Use 
 Privacy Statement 
 Cookies 
 Legal 


 Global - English 
      