



















EMUI

EMUI 11
EMUI 10.1
EMUI 10


Phones
Updates
Apps
PC &amp.
Tablets
Wearables
Contact Us
 Huawei Central 
EMUI

EMUI 11
EMUI 10.1
EMUI 10


Phones
Updates
Apps
PC &amp.
Tablets
Wearables
Contact Us






 Privacy Policy We at Huawei Central/HC (“HuaweiCentral”) always care about your personal information and we take your privacy seriously.
This privacy policy describes what data we collect, use, share and most importantly why we collect it.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following way:
• To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
How do we protect your information?
We only provide articles and information.
We never ask for credit card numbers.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
In addition, all sensitive information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
We do not use cookies for tracking purposes.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies.
You do this through your browser settings.
Since the browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.
Third-party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies.
We, therefore, have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age.
Our website, products, and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our website privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or your dealings with the Website, want to request access/correction/update/delete of your Personal Information, wish to withdraw your consent, you have the ability to contact us by email.
We will attempt to respond to any access requests within 30 days.
You should direct any complaints, inquiries, and requests pertaining to this Privacy Statement to the address listed below.
Huawei Central
huaweicentral.com
email@huaweicentral.com 
About
Contact
Copyright Policy
Privacy Policy

Copyright © 2020 Huaweicentral.com

 To Top 
      