
         Privacy Policy Statement  Shenzhen Huion Animation Technology Co., Ltd.
(hereinafter referred to as “Huion” or “we”) respects and protects the privacy of all users who register on Huion official websites (including http://www.huion.com and its sub-sites).
This Privacy Policy is stipulated to manifest Huion’s unwavering commitment to protect users’ privacy.
Given the characteristics of the Internet, the website will unavoidably establish, directly or indirectly, interactive relation with users.
Please read the Privacy Policy Statement carefully before visiting the website, to learn how users’ information is collected, used, disclosed and protected.
 I.
Collecting and Using the Information  When registering membership on the website, you’ll voluntarily disclose some personal information to us, and we’ll collect some of your personal information, such as details of your name, title, address, telephone number, email and so on, so that as long as you register successfully on the website and log in to the server, we’ll be able to identify your personal data.
Your information is collected under the governance of the laws and regulations of the country, which is intended for us to provide you better service and user experience, ensure cyber security and improve the content of the website.
To realize this overall objective, your personal information will be used only for the following purposes: 

1.
To provide you the services and realize relevant functions set forth herein, maintain and improve such services and functions.

2.
To improve our service quality, collect your opinions and suggestions on the website and services, and provide you feedback or solutions to specific issue in a timely manner.

3.
To ensure security of the system and help you solve related problems you might encounter when using the services contained herein.

4.
To use your personal information for business analysis and market research.
5.
We might transfer your personal information across countries and use them for investigation and analysis conducted by the affiliates, or share them to a third-party service provider(s) and/or business partner(s) to realize cooperative services including investigation, research and analysis.
In this case, we’ll request company/companies involved to follow terms stipulated herein without failure.

 II.
Disclosing and Sharing the Information  The security of user information contained herein is under rigorous protection.
Measures necessary including technical ones will also be taken to ensure information security, preventing leakage and loss of such personal information.
If you disapprove of collecting and using your personal information under the terms stipulated on the Privacy Policy Statement, please do not use the website or disclose to us such personal information of yours.
The website might share the user information to a third party under the agreement of software licensing, without violating the laws and regulations of the website, so as: 

1.
To safeguard and defend our legal rights and properties;
2.
To meet the requirements of applicable laws and regulations as well as the rules of national authorities.

3.
To disclose such information to a third party upon your approval.

4.
If you are the legal owner of the intellectual property and have complained for the infringement of your property rights, to allow both parties in dispute to settle potential dispute over such right, such information of yours will be disclosed to the party being complained.

5.
To provide the products and services you require.

6.
Other disclosure which we think appropriate under applicable laws or according to relevant policy contained herein.

 III.
Rules for Usage 
1.
The registration and use of your user name and alias shall be in line with the ethics of the Internet and comply with the relevant laws and regulations of the People's Republic of China.

2.
Your user name and alias shall not contain such controversial character(s) in the nature of menace, obscenity, obloquy, unlawfulness, infringement of others’ interests, etc.

3.
Upon successful registration, members must keep their own user account and password carefully.
Any user who suffered any loss from information leakage as a result of his/her carelessness shall be solely responsible for the loss.

4.
Any user who uses stolen account number of another user shall be solely responsible for such consequence thereof.

 IV.
Usage of Cookies  Cookies will be used to enable us to provide you more thoughtful and individualized service.
While you logging on the website, we’ll store related information of yours with Cookies, in order to follow up your personal preference and user habit, to recognize your identity in case of your revisit, so as to provide you information that interests you and password already saved, and enable you to visit the website without unnecessarily entering your password for each repeated visit.
Otherwise, you can also disable this function, and we’ll cease the service of Cookies for you.
 V.
IP Address  IP address refers to the number automatically allocated to your computer when you’re using the network server.
When visiting the website, such number and access time as well as pages viewed will be automatically identified and recorded in the log file on our server.
It’s an Internet practice to collect user’s IP address, and many websites will do this by default.
 VI.
Linking Third Party Website and Security  Links to other websites are available on the website, and if necessary, links to websites of our business partners or those who share common brands with us will also be provided.
However, only comprehensive information will be shared to them, and in no way will we disclose your identity.

 Information provided by users will be kept under rigorous regulation and protection, which will be reinforced by corresponding technical and security measures, so as to prevent your personal information from loss, stealing or tampering.
However, you should acknowledge that no “perfect security measures” exist on the internet, and therefore we make no commitment to absolute security of the aforesaid information.
 VII.
Disclaimer In any of the following cases, we’ll not assume any legal responsibility for disclosure of your privacy:

1.
Leakage of any of your personal information caused by your disclosure of user password to others or sharing your registered account with others, or leakage of any of your personal information for any other causes for which we’re not accountable.

2.
Disclosure of your personal information under applicable laws and regulations or as required by relevant government policy.

3.
Any dispute arising from the use of your personal information by any third party in such case as specified in the terms and statement of services herein.

4.
Any temporary shutdown of the website caused by any hacker attack, invasion of computer virus or government regulation.

5.
If you find any case where your civil interests are infringed by the website, you shall notify us as soon as possible, so that we can take such measures as deletion, shielding, delinking etc as necessary.
any loss in connection with such infringement due to your failure of timely notice shall become your sole responsibility.

6.
Any consequence as a result of force majeure.

 7.
The usage and disclaimer of service terms and statements herein specified on the website.

 VIII.
Protection of Minors  Our services are only available for those who are 18 years old or older.
If you’re a minor, please do not disclose your personal information, and you’re not advised to use our services.
 IX.
Revision of Privacy Right and Feedback  You can log on your user account to visit your account information and revise, restrict and delete your account data.

 Moreover, you’re entitled to request for data of your personal information stored with us at any time.
You are also entitled to request for correction, update or deletion of your personal information at any time.
If you have any such request, you may contact us by emailing privacy@huion.com.
If your information is provided by your employer, you should raise the request directly to your employer.

 You’re not required to pay any fee to visit your personal information, but if your request for this is evidently groundless, repetitive or excessive, we may charge you with reasonable fee, or in such case, we may reject such request of yours.

 As the scope of services on the website is extending, we may from time to time update the content of the Privacy Policy Statement without separate notice to the users.
The Privacy Policy Statement, once is updated and issued on the website, shall supersede the predecessor with full force and effect.
 X.
Ownership of Contents 
1.
The contents of network services available on the website may include characters, software, voice, images, videos, and graphs etc, all of which are protected by the laws governing copyright, trademark and other property ownership.

2.
The user may only use such contents when s/he is authorized by the website, and may not duplicate and/or regenerate such contents or create any derivatives related to such contents without prior consent.

3.
We reserve the right of final interpretation of the Privacy Policy Statement.


