
        
Please upgrade your browser
Your browser does not support JavaScript! 





 Toggle navigation 
Terms and conditions
Contact
Privacy policy
 PRIVACY NOTICE This policy was last updated on 10.12.2020.

To view our archived policy, click here.

This Privacy Notice explains how BALARZI LIMITED (HE 400551) collects and processes your personal information as we provide you with our subscription services (collectively, "Services").

This policy may be periodically updated.
If we make significant changes, for example, to how we use your personal information, you will be updated via a notice posted to this website.

If you do not agree to the changes, you can stop using our Services at any time, delete your account and stop providing us with further personal information.

 Collection of Personal Information We collect your personal information as necessary to provide you with and improve our Services.
Information we collect includes:


Information You Provide on Registration: including your e-mail address, credit card details, first name, last name, address.


Technical Information: This is automatically collected when you use our Services, e.g.
your IP address, internet browser, your purchase order history and viewing history.

 Using Your Personal Information We will only process your personal information in compliance with the law, including processing to deliver and improve our Services.


Provision of our Services. To process your orders, deliver products and services, process payments and to communicate with you when required.


Improving, updating and enhancing our Services. To enhance performance of our Services including: diagnosing problems, fixing errors, collecting statistics about the use of our Services.


Communicating with you. Where necessary to deliver service related communications and to respond to your requests, enquiries and complaints.

Comply with legal and regulatory obligations. Where required we cooperate with government and law enforcement officials to enforce and comply with the law, for example, to prevent fraud.

 Is my personal information shared? We will never sell your personal information to others.
We may share it with companies which are under the same control or ownership of BALARZI LIMITED (HE 400551) or to external vendors who we work with in providing our Services.

We will only share your information with third parties if we are satisfied with their levels of security and that their privacy policies are identical to or substantially similar to this policy.


Third parties acting on our behalf: We may engage third parties in order to provide you with our Services.
these companies may have to process your personal information on our behalf, for example, payment processing.
These companies are not permitted to use your personal data for any other purpose.
They must also process your personal data in accordance with the terms of this policy and must adhere to data protection laws.


Corporate Restructuring: If BALARZI LIMITED (HE 400551) goes through a corporate reorganisation or restructuring, your personal information may be transferred.
Under these circumstances, your personal information will be subject to any pre-existing Privacy Notice.


Legal Necessity: We share personal information when appropriate to comply with the law, for example, in response to a court order or subpoena.

At times, it may be necessary to transfer your personal information outside of CYPRUS and the European Economic Area, for example, to an external vendor utilised to assist with the provision of our Services.

 How secure is my personal information? We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software to encrypt information you provide, for example, your name address and payment card details and are Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) compliant.

It is your responsibility to keep your personal information protected.
Contact us immediately if you suspect that your account or personal information has been compromised.

 How long do you keep my personal information? We keep your personal information for as long as necessary to provide you with our Services.
We may retain your data after our contract with you is cancelled, for example for statistical purposes, to maintain financial records or where mandated by law.
We encrypt this data so that you cannot be directly identified.

If you have any questions about the security or retention of your personal information, you can contact us at cs@hulenshop.com.

 What are my rights? If you are a citizen of or are resident in the European Economic Area, then you have certain rights as it relates to the processing of your data.
You may exercise your rights at any time by:

1.
Requesting that the whole or part of your personal data be deleted from our database;.
2.
Requesting access to your personal data, including the type of data held, for what period and the names of any third party recipients of your data;
3.
Objecting to the use of your personal data in connection with any or part of our Services.
You should be aware that if you object to the totality of the use of your data, it will be impossible for us to provide you with our Services.

Please contact +442080898044 or cs@hulenshop.com for details.
If we can't help you, we'll get back to you and explain the reasons why.
We'll get back to you as soon as we can and we’ll aim to complete your request within one month, provided we have all necessary information to provide us to do so.
For more complicated requests, or for a large amount of requests, we might take longer, but we'll tell you if there's a delay and the reasons why.

We reserve the right to request a copy of your identification so we can be sure you are the account holder.

 Contact Us For any other questions or comments about this policy, you may contact our Data Protection Officer by:
- cs@hulenshop.com.
or
- by post AGIAS MAVRIS 4, FLAT/OFFICE 201, AGLANTZIA, 2107 NICOSIA, CYPRUS
Copyright 2020, Hulenshop
