
         Privacy Policy Last updated: Jul 30, 2021 Hyperbeam Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from https://hyperbeam.com/ (the “Site”).Personal information we collectWhen you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device.
Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site.
We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.” We collect Device Information using the following technologies: “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier.
For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit https://www.allaboutcookies.org .
“Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
“Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
If you choose to register for an account, we collect your username and email address.
We refer to this information as “Account Information.” Additionally when you purchase or attempt to purchase a subscription through the Site, we collect your full name, billing address, and credit card information.
We refer to this information as “Subscription Information.” When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking about Device Information, Account Information, and Subscription Information.How do we use your personal information?We use your Personal Information to Communicate with you Screen for potential risk or fraud We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site).Sharing your personal informationWe share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above.
We use Stripe to process subscription payment.
We don't have direct access to sensitive information like credit card numbers, which are stored on our behalf by Stripe: https://www.stripe.com/legal/privacy .
We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site.
you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ .
You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout .
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.Do not trackPlease note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.Your rightsIf you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted.
If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the information in the Contact Us section.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you purchase a subscription on the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.
Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.Data retentionWhen you register for an account on the Site, we will maintain your Account Information for our records unless and until you delete your account or ask us to delete your account.MinorsThe Site is not intended for individuals under the age of 13.
We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13.
In case it comes to our attention that a minor under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers.
If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us through the information in the Contact Us section to contact us so that we would be able to take necessary action.ChangesWe may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
The updated privacy policy can be found at https://hyperbeam/privacy/.
If you are registered user, we will send you the updated privacy policy by e-mail.Contact usFor more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at support@hyperbeam.com.
