
         Copyright &amp.
IP Policy Last updated: Nov 09, 2021 
Notification of Copyright Infringement:

Hyperbeam (“Hyperbeam”) respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects its users to do the same.
It is Hyperbeam’s policy, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, to disable and/or terminate the accounts of users who repeatedly infringe or are repeatedly charged with infringing the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of others.
In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998, the text of which may be found on the U.S.
Copyright Office website at http://www.copyright.gov/legislation/dmca.pdf, Hyperbeam will respond expeditiously to claims of copyright infringement committed using the Hyperbeam website (the “Sites”) that are reported to Hyperbeam’s Designated Copyright Agent, identified in the sample notice below.
If you are a copyright owner, or are authorized to act on behalf of one, or authorized to act under any exclusive right under copyright, please report alleged copyright infringements taking place on or through the Sites by completing the following DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement and delivering it to Hyperbeam’s Designated Copyright Agent.
Upon receipt of the Notice as described below, Hyperbeam will take whatever action, in its sole discretion, it deems appropriate, including removal of the challenged material from the Sites.DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement (“Notice”)
Identify the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, or - if multiple copyrighted works are covered by this Notice - you may provide a representative list of the copyrighted works that you claim have been infringed.
Identify the material that you claim is infringing (or to be the subject of infringing activity) and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material, including at a minimum, if applicable, the URL of the link shown on the Site(s) where such material may be found.
Provide your mailing address, telephone number, and, if available, email address.
Include both of the following statements in the body of the Notice:
“I hereby state that I have a good faith belief that the disputed use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law (e.g., as a fair use).”
“I hereby state that the information in this Notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that I am the owner, or authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of the copyright or of an exclusive right under the copyright that is allegedly infringed.”


Provide your full legal name and your electronic or physical signature.

Deliver this Notice, with all items completed, to Hyperbeam's Designated Copyright Agent:
Copyright Agentc/o Hyperbeam, Inc.2093 Philadelphia Pike#9050Claymont, DE 19703Phone: (218) 300-1729Email: dmca@hyperbeam.com
Only DMCA-related notifications should be sent to Hyperbeam's Designated Copyright Agent.
Any other requests for support or other communications should be directed to Hyperbeam customer service at support@hyperbeam.com.
If you fail to comply with all of the requirements of the DMCA for notifications, we may not act on your communication.Counter NoticeOne who has posted material that allegedly infringes a copyright may send Hyperbeam a counter notice pursuant to Sections 512(g)(2) and 512(g)(3) of the DMCA.
When Hyperbeam receives a counter notice, Hyperbeam will reinstate the material in question in not less than 10 and not more than 14 business days after Hyperbeam receives the counter notice unless Hyperbeam first receives notice from the copyright claimant that he/she has filed a legal action to restrain the allegedly infringing activity.
To provide a counter notice to Hyperbeam, please return the following form to Hyperbeam's Designated Copyright Agent.
Please note that if you provide a counter notice, in accordance with the Hyperbeam Privacy Policy located at hyperbeam.com/privacy/ and the terms of the DMCA, the counter notice will be given to the copyright claimant.Counter Notice
Identify the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled.
Provide your mailing address, telephone number, and, if available, email address.
Include both of the following statements in the body of the Counter Notice:
“I hereby state under penalty of perjury that I have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled.”
“I hereby state that I consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial district in which my address is located or, if my address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which Hyperbeam may be found, and I will accept service of process from the complaining party who notified Hyperbeam of the alleged infringement or an agent of such person.”


Provide your full legal name and your electronic or physical signature.

Deliver this Notice, with all items completed, to Hyperbeam's Designated Copyright Agent:
Copyright Agentc/o Hyperbeam, Inc.2093 Philadelphia Pike#9050Claymont, DE 19703Phone: (218) 300-1729Email: dmca@hyperbeam.com
Only DMCA-related notifications should be sent to Hyperbeam's Designated Copyright Agent.
Any other requests for support or other communications should be directed to Hyperbeam customer service at support@hyperbeam.com.
If you fail to comply with all of the requirements of the DMCA for notifications, we may not act on your communication.
