
         ';-- 
Home
Notify me
Domain search
Who's been pwned
Passwords

API

Overview
API key
Who's using it



About

Who, what &amp.
why
Privacy
FAQs
Pastes
Opt-out
Twitter
Suggest a feature


 Breaches


Donate 




 Privacy How Have I Been Pwned (HIBP) handles privacy Introduction

HIBP only exists in the first place because of violations of privacy.
Our data is leaked,
sold, redistributed and abused to our detriment and beyond our control.
HIBP was established
as a free service in 2013 to help give us visibility as to how our personal data spreads.
Whilst we may no longer be able to control it once breached, we can at least understand
what's been leaked, where it's been leaked from and what precautionary measures we can now
take as a result.


This page details how the privacy of personal data is handled within HIBP and what
information is collected when you use the service.
 Breach data stored in HIBP

When a data breach is loaded into HIBP, the email addresses are stored in the online system.
In some cases, phone numbers may be loaded in separately
where they exist in an isolated data store not attached to any other personally identifiable
information (i.e.
not next to corresponding email addresses).
No other data of any kind
(names, phone numbers, etc) are stored on data load.
HIBP also stores a list of data classes
that were impacted in each breach.
For example, it will state that email addresses and
passwords appeared in a breach, but no information about which email addresses had
corresponding passwords nor what those passwords are is stored.


When data is loaded into the Pwned Passwords service, only SHA-1
hashes of the password are stored.
No identifying data about who the password belonged to
is stored.
Read more about why passwords are hashed in this fashion.
 When you search for an email address or phone number

Searching for an email address or phone number only ever retrieves the data from storage
then returns it in the response, the searched data is never explicitly stored anywhere.
See
the Logging section below for situations in which it may be implicitly
stored.


Data breaches flagged as sensitive
are not returned in public searches, they can only be viewed by using the notification
service and verifying ownership of the email address first.
Sensitive breaches are also
searchable by domain owners who prove they control the domain using the domain search feature.
Read about why non-sensitive breaches are publicly searchable.
 When you search for a domain

Domain searches allow the exposure of all email addresses on that domain to be returned in a
single search.
Only someone who controls the domain or the website it's bound to can perform
a search via one of the verification processes:


Via email address on the WHOIS record
Via a common security or administrative email address (security@, hostmaster@, postmaster@, webmaster@)
Via a meta tag with a unique code placed on the website
Via a file with a unique code uploaded to the website
Via a txt entry on the DNS record with a unique code


A domain search logs the domain name and requestor's IP address as part of anti-abuse
measures.
If you ask HIBP to notify you of future appearance of email addresses on that
domain and you provide your email address so it can be notified, that email address is also
stored.
Anti-automation measures are in place to limit attempts to automate searches.
 When you search Pwned Passwords

The Pwned Passwords feature searches previous data breaches for the
presence of a user-provided password.
The password is hashed client-side with the SHA-1
algorithm then only the first 5 characters of the hash are sent to HIBP per the Cloudflare k-anonymity implementation.
HIBP never receives the original password nor enough information to discover what the
original password was.
 When you subscribe for notifications

Your email address is stored in HIBP.
It's then referred to when new data is loaded in order
to establish if the address appears in a new breach.
Anti-automation measures are in place to
limit attempts to subscribe email addresses in bulk.
 How HIBP handles user-provided data

The only data HIBP ever explicitly requests from users is email addresses and domain names.
When someone subscribes to notifications or searches a domain, that information is never
passed to any third parties under any circumstances other than to send email using the
SendGrid service.
 Unsubscribing from breach notifications

Every breach notification email contains an unsubscribe link in the footer.
If you'd like to
unsubscribe without already having a breach notification email with the link, use the notification service
to send another email to yourself and that will contain the unsubscribe link.
 How the opt-out feature works

HIBP provides an opt-out feature that removes the email address from
public visibility.
It does this by flagging the record as being opted-out rather than
permanently deleting it to ensure that if the email address appears in subsequent data
breaches, it doesn't become publicly searchable again.
 When HIBP will contact you

Emails are only ever sent to individuals who double opt-in to receive notifications.
The
double opt-in involves entering an email address on the notification page or domain search
page then successfully proving control of the email address by receiving an email to it.
The
email contains a unique link which must be followed to confirm opt-in.
 Logging

Only the bare minimum logs required to keep the service operational and combat malicious
activity are stored.
This includes transient web server logs, logging of unhandled exceptions
using Raygun, Google Analytics to assess
usage patterns and Application Insights
for performance metrics.
These logs may include information entered into a form by the user,
browser headers such as the user agent string and in some cases, the user's IP address.
 How HIBP protects data

Security on HIBP is handled by a "defence in depth" approach, that is the service
employs many different layers of security including (but not limited to):


All data transmitted over the internet is done over HTTPS
Cloudflare is used extensively to block potentially malicious requests
Rate limits on APIs are implemented at both the code level and via Cloudflare
Regular security scans are performed to identify code or configuration vulnerabilies
Firewalls are employed to limit access to services running on Microsoft Azure
Disclosure of any security vulnerabilities are encouraged via the security.txt file
Third party components are kept well-maintained (see OWASP's Using Components with Known Vulnerabilities)
External client side dependencies are embedded using subresource integrity hashes
 Controlling entity and hosting

HIBP is owned and operated by Superlative Enterprises Pty Ltd, an Australian proprietary
limited company (ABN 62 085 442 020) based in the state of Queensland.
All services are
hosted in the West US Microsoft Azure data centre.
 ×
Notify me 
Get notified when future pwnage occurs and your account is compromised.








You've just been sent a verification email, all you need to do now is confirm your
address by clicking on the link when it hits your mailbox and you'll be automatically
notified of future pwnage.
In case it doesn't show up, check your junk mail and if
you still can't find it, you can always repeat this process.


add another address





A troyhunt.com project








