

I2P Search
 Terms and Conditions
Welcome to the I2P Search website.
You understand and accept that these following terms and conditions administer your use of this website and its provided services in any way.
Anytime you access and use this website in any way, we will take it as your agreement and acceptance to be fully and legally bound by these terms and conditions, so we recommend that you read it and ensure that you understand it completely before using our services and our website.
We may choose, as per our discretion, to review, modify, add to, or delete from any of the provisions of these terms occasionally without serving you prior notice.
Your only recourse to any unacceptable condition of these terms is not to use our service.
Any use of this website by you by us, before or after any reviews, will be taken as your agreement to these terms and conditions, and your approval of any changes.
How our website works
We offer this website as a search engine service for users.
You can use our service to discover hidden services and gain access to Tor's onion sites or eepsite in the I2P network.
You agree that the contents, information, and material that we provide on and through the I2P Search website are meant for educational and informational reasons only, and should not be construed as professional advice.
They are not intentioned to replace qualified professional advice.
You hereby accept to review and accept all the risks connected with the use of or dependence on any material or information provided through this service, and to indemnify I2P Search from any cause of legal action that may arise concerning your dependence on content and information gotten from the website.

Acceptable use
Users who use the I2P Search website must be at least 18 years of age and must be able to enter into and be bound by legally binding agreements.
If you are so qualified, we grant you a limited, fully reversible, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, and non-assignable license to gain access to and to use the I2P Search website in agreement with these terms and conditions.
You understand and accept that this permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on I2P Search website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only.
This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license, you may not: 

Modify or copy the materials;
Use the materials for any commercial purpose, or any public display (commercial or non-commercial).

Attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on I2P Search website;
Remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials.
or
Transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.

This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by I2P Search at any time.
Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession, whether in electronic or printed format.
International Use
Although our website and its services are designed for use for anyone who is over the age majority from anywhere in the world, we do not warrant that the provided service is available or appropriate for use in your specific area of jurisdiction.

Revisions And Errors
The materials appearing on I2P Search website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors.
I2P Search does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete, or current.

I2P Search may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice.
I2P Search does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
Third-party Hyperlinks
You agree that third party hyperlinks found on the I2P Search website may lead you to websites and resources that are neither owned nor controlled by I2P Search.
Because of this, we will not be liable for the services, resources, contents, policies, or products found on such linked websites and resources.

You agree that we provide the links provided on the I2P Search website as a matter of convenience for users and that their availability on our website does not in any way mean that we endorse or recommend such linked websites or resources.
Your access to any such linked website/resource is entirely at your own risk.
Users’ Rules Of Conduct
If you want to continue to gain access to our website and our services, the following are the rules of conduct, you must obey anytime you use our website:

It is prohibited to attempt to link to, mirror, or frame any portion of our website and services.
You are prohibited/barred from using the I2P Search website and its provided services for any unlawful or illegal purposes.
You may not endeavor to gain access to or debilitate any section of our website and its related systems.
you must not hide or obscure any copyright, trademark or any other proprietary notice from any portion of our website.

You must not maliciously introduce Trojans, logic bombs, viruses, worms, or any other technologically destructive software to the website.

You are not to upload advertisements and/or spam links to other websites, resources, and individuals or unverified solicitations, without the written permission of I2P Search.
may not use our service to advertise pyramid schemes and/or chain letters, and may not access the I2P Search website using automated means with the intentions of harvesting other users' info.
You are barred from forging and manipulating headers or identifiers to hide the origin of any content made available by you through the website.
may not upload user content that mimics any individual or entity falsely including an I2P Search official, and may not use our services to falsely state your relationship with another person or entity.
You understand and accept that we will consider you to be fully responsible for all legal costs, hurts and damages resulting from your violation if we find you to have breached any of the terms of this agreement.
In such a case, we may also take the added step of terminating your use of the website.

Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) Removal Request
As a content creator/owner, copyright owner or an agent thereof, you have the right to stop I2P Search from using your material/content.
To instruct us to remove your content(s), you must send us an email request through onionlandse@protonmail.com.
You must include the following information:

The specific URL containing the material/content;
The description(s) of the content(s) you want us to block.

An electronic or photocopied physical evidence that proves you indeed possess the rights to or the rights to act for the content(s).
and
Sufficient contact information that will make it easy for us to contact you.
This may without limitation include a physical address, a phone number, and a current e-mail address.


We will do our best to remove the content within our system within 24 hours if all conditions are satisfactorily met.
Indemnity
You hereby agree to defend and indemnify I2P Search, its parents, subsidiaries and associates.
and their executives, agents, officers, staff and managers, not guilty from and innocent from any claims, liabilities, reparations, hurts, and expenses, including but not limited to reasonable legal and accounting costs that are connected to your use of the I2P Search website and services or your breach of these terms.
Severability
Any term/provision of this agreement that is held to be unenforceable by a competent United States court of law shall be modified to reflect our original intention while all the remaining conditions of this legal agreement shall continue to be effective.
Governing Law
Without considering any principles of conflicts of law, our choice for the interpretation, as well as the governance of law of these terms, is the United States of America.
Explore

Discover Dark Web Hidden Service
Most Popular

Products

OnionLand Hosting
OnionLand Search

I2P

Contact
Privacy Policy
Warranties and Disclaimers
Terms and Conditions
 I2P Search © 2023
I2P Service:
http://i2poulge3qyo33q4uazlda367okpkczn4rno2vjfetawoghciae6ygad.onion

Clearnet Service: https://i2psearch.com 
      