
This document is translated from Japanese language version.
You must understand that this document is provided ONLY for your convenience and legally valid document is always Japanese language version ONLY.If there is any contradiction between what the Japanese language version says and what a translation says, then the Japanese language version takes precedence. Policy on the Protection of Personal Information ibis inc.
(hereinafter referred to as “our company”) develops software for mobile devices and web applications and provides services for mobile phones.
Our company recognizes that the protection of personal information is an important social responsibility.
In order to protect the rights of individuals, our company complies with the laws and regulations related to personal information and has constructed a personal information management system based on the policy shown below.

Our company only acquires, uses, and provides personal information within the scope of the purpose of utilization and not for any other purposes.
Our company takes reasonable security measures against the risks of unauthorized access, loss, destruction, falsification, and leakage of personal information.
Further, our company is constantly improving our security system in relation to personal information, implementing measures to prevent and correct leaks, loss, and damage.
Our company complies with the laws, national guidelines, and other regulations related to personal information.
Our company reviews our personal information protection management system in a timely and appropriate manner, and constantly works to improve it.

In addition to releasing this policy externally, our company informs our employees and partners about it, working to educate and enlighten every individual, and striving to enhance awareness of personal information protection.
For response to inquiries, consultation, or complaints related to personal information and this policy, please contact us at the following address.
Further, there is no fixed format to request the disclosure of personal information, but our company will ask you some questions to confirm your personal information.
Also, there is no fee for the disclosure of personal information. Privacy Policy 1.
Definition of terms 
“ibisPaint services” (hereinafter referred to as “our services”) is a general name for the services offered by the ibisPaint app (hereinafter referred to as “our app”), by ibispaint.com (hereinafter referred to as “this site”), and ssl.ibis.ne.jp (hereinafter referred to as “this portal site”).
“Users” are all persons using our services.
“Personal information” refers to information related to an identified or specified individual, or information related to an individual who can be directly or indirectly identified or specified.
 2.
Purpose of use ibis Inc.
(hereinafter referred to as “our company”) uses personal information obtained from users for the following purposes.

For provision of our services.
To prevent fraudulent use of our services and to resolve operational troubles.
As a basis for decisions on improving our services and providing new services.
To create statistical data on user trends after processing the data so that individuals cannot be identified.
In order to distribute advertisements optimized for the users.
 3.
Use restrictions Our company uses the personal information obtained from users within the limits necessary to achieve the purpose of use stated above except in the following cases.

When the user has given consent in advance.
In instances grounded in law.
When there is difficulty obtaining the individual’s consent and it is necessary in order to protect a person’s life, body, or property.
When our company has been asked by a national institution, local government, or one entrusted by said institution or government, to disclose registered content in accordance with the law.
 4.
Methods of obtaining personal information 
Our company obtains personal information through the following methods.

Input into our services by the users.
The transmission of information from web browsers.
The transmission of information from our app.
Provision by third parties.


When products from our services have been purchased using the following third-party purchasing services, our company receives information from those third parties.

Apple
Google


When our services have been linked using the following third-party account authentication services, our company receives the corresponding account information from those third parties.

Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
CLIP STUDIO PAINT
Apple
HUAWEI (HMS Version only)


 5.
Type, purpose, and storage period of personal information The personal information processed through use of our app is listed in “Appended Table: Personal information processed by our services.” 6.
Management of personal information 
Users have the following rights in relation to the processing of personal information.

The right to request from our company the disclosure of personal information.
The right to request from our company the revision of personal information.
The right to request from our company the deletion of personal information.
The right to request from our company limitations on processing.
The right to file an objection to processing with our company.
The right to file an appeal to a supervising authority.


When the user himself has made a request, our company will disclose the personal information managed by our company except in the following cases.

When there is a risk of harm to the life, body, property, or other rights of the user himself or to those of a third party.
When it will create a considerable obstacle to the business operations of our company.
When it violates the law.
When there is a possibility that it may lead to filing a lawsuit.
When our company is unable to confirm that the request came from the user himself.


When the user himself has made a request, our company will revise or delete the personal information managed by our company except in the following cases.

When there is a risk of harm to the life, body, property, or other rights of the user himself or to those of a third party.
When it will create a considerable obstacle to the business operations of our company.
When it violates the law.
When there is a possibility that it may lead to filing a lawsuit.
When it is not possible to enforce the rights of freedom of expression and information transmission.
When it is not possible to realize the purpose of storage for public benefit, the purpose of scientific or historical research, or the purpose of statistics.
When our company is unable to confirm that the request came from the user himself.


 7.
Provision of personal information to third parties 
For the sake of advertisement distribution and usage analysis, our company provides personal information to the following third parties.

AppLovin https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Facebook https://www.facebook.com/msqrd/privacy
fluct https://corp.fluct.jp/privacy/
Glossom https://www.glossom.co.jp/privacy/glossom.html
Google Ads https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
Google Firebase https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
HUAWEI (HMS Version only) https://consumer.huawei.com/minisite/cloudservice/id/privacy-statement.htm?country=HK&language=en-us&themeName=
i-mobile https://www.i-mobile.co.jp/privacy.html
InMobi https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/
MoPub https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/ https://www.mopub.com/legal/partners/
Tapjoy https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/advertisers/#privacy-policy
Slack https://slack.com/privacy-policy
YouTube https://www.youtube.com/intl/us/about/policies/#community-guidelines


However, our company does not provide third parties with the personal information of users, except in the following cases.

When the user has given consent in advance.
When a part of our services is outsourced and it is necessary in order to execute that business.
When statistical data is disclosed after processing the data so that individuals cannot be identified.
In instances grounded in law.
When there is difficulty obtaining the individual’s consent and it is necessary in order to protect a person’s life, person, or property.
When our company has been asked by a national institution, local government, or one entrusted by said institution or government, to cooperate in disclosing registered content in accordance with the law.


The personal information provided to third parties among the personal information obtained through use of this site is listed in “Appended Table: Personal information provided to third parties.”
 8.
Consent to the handling of personal information 
Users are required to consent to the handling of personal information by our company when initiating use of our services.
If they do not consent, they cannot use our services.
Users under the age of 16 are required to have parental consent and our company verify that they have consent annually until they turn 16.
 9.
Revocation of consent 
In case the handling of personal information by our company is based on user consent, users have the right to revoke that consent at any time.
By deletion of the app, deletion of the account link, deletion of browser cookies, the resetting of the advertisement ID, and deletion request, the user has revoked consent to the handling of personal information by our company.
 10.
Regarding personal information protection management The protection of personal information is managed by PMS office in our company. 11.
Regarding revisions to the privacy policy Our company may change all or part of our privacy policy without prior notice.
When it has been changed, it will be released on this site. Appended Table: Personal information processed by our services Type of Personal Information Data Content Processing Purpose Storage Period Account information Twitter account name Twitter access token Facebook account name Facebook access token YouTube account name YouTube access token YouTube refresh token CLIP account name CLIP access token Apple account name Apple access token Apple refresh token Apple identity token HUAWEI Display Name (HMS Version only) HUAWEI ID token (HMS Version only) User identification Simplification of user authentication Provision of useful information Usage analysis Function improvement Bug investigation Until app deletion and account link deletion App and device information App UUID Device token FCM token Platform type App type Provision of useful information Usage analysis Function improvement Bug investigation Until app deletion and account link deletion Purchase information Purchase ID Purchased product Device information on purchase Date and time of purchase, continuation, and cancellation Provision of useful information Usage analysis Function improvement Bug investigation In order to maintain purchase-right information, it is retained until the end of the service Access information IP address User-Agent Access time Access URL Usage analysis Function improvement Bug investigation Prevention of fraudulent operations Seven days User content, history, and settings information Profile Artwork data “Like!” information Comment information Download information Subscription information Comment block information Display settings Notification settings Login history Artwork browsing history Artwork edit history Inappropriate artwork report history User communication Storage of user content Usage analysis Function improvement Bug investigation Prevention of fraudulent operations Until app deletion, account link deletion, and deletion of browser cookies Inquiry information Name Email address User-Agent Inquiry content Usage analysis Function improvement Bug investigation Until deletion upon request Appended Table: Personal information provided to third parties Type of Personal Information Data Content Processing Purpose Recipient Storage Period User content, history, and settings information Twitter account name Facebook account name Apple account name Device’s model name Artwork data User communication Storage of user content YouTube Until deletion of artwork with the user’s YouTube account Inappropriate artwork report history Usage analysis Function improvement Bug investigation Prevention of fraudulent operations Slack Until deletion upon request Crash trace information App UUID Platform type App type Model name OS version Region of use Crash trace Usage analysis Function improvement Bug investigation Google Firebase HUAWEI (HMS Version only) Until loss of relation to personal information via deletion of app Device and behavior information Device token FCM token App UUID Platform type App type IP address User-Agent Device’s model name OS version Available storage space Region of use Terminal language settings Terminal carrier information Screen size, orientation, and resolution Sound volume Battery Memory use Country, time zone, and local settings Network connection type and speed Advertisement ID Cookies Advertisement display Usage analysis AppLovin Facebook fluct Glossom Google Ads HUAWEI (HMS Version only) i-mobile InMobi MoPub Tapjoy Until loss of relation to personal information via deletion of app, deletion of browser cookies, and reset of advertisement ID ＜Contact address＞ ■ Inquiry or consultation related to personal information  ibis inc.
PMS Office Nakamo Building, 4th Floor 3-17-34 Meieki, Nakamura Ward, Nagoya City, Aichi 450-0002, Japan TEL：+81-52-587-5007 FAX：+81-52-587-5008 E-Mail：  ■ Name of the authorized personal information protection organization and address for complaint resolution  JIPDEC Personal Information Protection Complaint Consultation Office Roppongi First Building 1-9-9 Roppongi, Minato Ward, Tokyo 106-0032, Japan TEL：+81-3-5860-7565 
※If you determine the personal information management of our company to be inadequate, please address your complaint to our company first.
※An authorized personal information protection organization is a third-party organization that handles complaint processing and provision of information related to personal information as prescribed by the Personal Information Protection Law.　 (It is not an address for inquiries about our company’s products and services.)
※In order to prevent spam mail, all addresses on our company’s website are displayed as images.　Please input the address manually when making inquiries.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
Created: August 1st, 2007 Latest revision: November 18th, 2020 ibis inc. Eiji Kamiya, President and CEO
