
         Toggle navigation 
 Home 
 Premium Hosting 
 Business Hosting 
 WHM Reseller 
 VPS Plans 
 Dedicated Servers 
 Register Domain 


 Login 
 Cancelation policy &amp.
Refund policy Cancelation &amp.
refund information Cancellation Policy IFastNet.com (IFastNet LTD) believes in helping its customers as far as possible, and has therefore a liberal cancellation policy.
Under this policy:

Cancellations will be considered only if the request is made within 7 days of placing an order.
However, the cancellation request will not be entertained if the orders have been communicated to the vendors/merchants and they have initiated the process of provisioning services.

Cancelations must be communicated to Ifastnet.com a minimum of 14 days before the service is due.
Failure to cancel before this period is acceptance of renewal of the service.

 Refund Policy When you buy our products/services, your purchase is covered by our 7-day money-back guarantee.
If you are, for any reason, not entirely happy with your purchase, we will cheerfully issue a full refund.
We develop and sell software that we use ourselves every day and have thousands of satisfied customers worldwide, and our support is second to none.
That is why we can afford to back our products with this special guarantee.
To request a refund, simply contact us with your purchase details within seven (7) days of your purchase.
Please include your order number (sent to you via email after ordering) and optionally tell us why you’re requesting a refund – we take customer feedback very seriously and use it to constantly improve our products and quality of service.
Refunds are not being provided for services delivered in full such as installation service and provided knowledge base hosting service.
Refunds are being processed within a 7 day period.
If a service is canceled and a refund requested, the cost incurred of renewing or providing a free domain name (if included with the service being canceled ) will be minused from the refund amount (this could sometimes lead to a negative value).


 Domain name renewal / registration fees and costs are non-refundable.

 Other legal information 
Terms of Service
Cancellation &amp.
Refund
Privacy Policy
Payment Methods &amp.
Information

 English 


 العربية 
 Azerbaijani 
 Català 
 中文 
 Hrvatski 
 Čeština 
 Dansk 
 Nederlands 
 English 
 Estonian 
 Persian 
 Français 
 Deutsch 
 עברית 
 Magyar 
 Italiano 
 Macedonian 
 Norwegian 
 Português 
 Português 
 Română 
 Русский 
 Español 
 Svenska 
 Türkçe 
 Українська 

 Get Your Website Online Today! Prices from
$3.99/month Get Started! Company 
About Us
Contact Us
Our Blog
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Cancellation &amp.
Refund
Banners / Link to us
 Solutions 
Shared Hosting
Business Hosting
WHM Reseller
VPS Hosting
Dedicated Servers
Domain Registration
MyOwnFreeHost.net
 Client Area 
Login
Register
Affiliate System
knowledge base
Submit Ticket
 Payments 
Paypal
WorldPay
2CheckOut
 Support http://support.ifastnet.com Copyright © 2021 IFastNet LTD, Registered VAT number EU372034688.
Registered UK company number 07951746.
Bulman House, Regent Centre, Gosforth, Newcastle upon Tyne, NE3 3LS.All prices shown are exclusive of VAT, which will be charged at the rate of your place of origin.

 × Close Title Loading...

 Loading...
Close Submit This website uses cookiesThis website uses cookies to improve user experience.
By using our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy.I agreeI disagreeRead moreFree cookie consent by cookie-script.com
      