

Please read these terms carefully
DisclaimerYou hereby agree and acknowledge that except as expressly permitted in a written agreement with IHS Markit or any of its affiliates ("IHS Markit"), you are expressly prohibited from using the content, information and materials herein and any information provided by IHS Markit in any format and/or delivery method including, without limitation, email, facsimile or journalistic content (the "Content") for any purpose, including, without limitation, creating any derived data.
You are specifically prohibited from distributing, transferring, sub-licensing, transmitting, selling, repackaging, assigning, leasing, reselling, publishing or otherwise making available all or any portion of the Content herein, or any derived data, analysis or presentation based on such Content, by whatever means to any person or entity.
Any unauthorised use of any Content appearing herein may violate the intellectual property rights of IHS Markit (such as copyrights, trade marks and database rights) and is strictly prohibited.
IHS Markit does not represent or warrant that any Content will be error-free, that any defects will be corrected, or that your use of the Content will provide specific results.
The Content is delivered on an "as-is" and "as-available" basis.
All Content provided is subject to change without notice.
The entire risk as to the accuracy and completeness of all Content is with you.
Neither IHS Markit nor any data provider makes any warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy, timeliness or completeness of the Content, or as to the results to be attained by you or others from your use of the Content.
You hereby acknowledge that there are no express or implied warranties of title, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use, and that you have not relied upon any warranty, guaranty or representation made by IHS Markit or any data provider.
The Content contains certain statements, estimates and financial and operating information ("Estimates") that constitute forward-looking statements or information.
Forward-looking statements or information may be identified by using the words "targets", "believes", "estimates", "expects", "aims", "intends", "will", "can", "may", "anticipates", "would", "should", "could" and similar expressions in such statements or the negative thereof.
These forward-looking statements or information involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different from the Estimates or results implied or expressed in such forward-looking statements.
While in some cases presented with numerical specificity, the Estimates are based upon (i) certain assumptions that are inherently subject to significant business, economic, regulatory, environmental, seasonal, competitive uncertainties, contingencies and risks and (ii) assumptions with respect to future business decisions that are subject to change.
For more information concerning the risks IHS Markit faces, visitors to this website should refer to the "Risk Factors" contained in IHS Markit’s filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
There can be no assurance that the Estimates or the underlying assumptions will be realized and that actual results of operations or future events will not be materially different from the Estimates.
Under no circumstances should the inclusion of the Estimates be regarded as a representation, undertaking, warranty or prediction by IHS Markit, or any other person with respect to the accuracy thereof or the accuracy of the underlying assumptions, or that IHS Markit will achieve or is likely to achieve any particular results.
IHS Markit disclaims any intent or obligation to update publicly or to revise any of the Estimates, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.
Visitors to this website are cautioned that forward-looking statements or information are not guarantees of future performance and, accordingly, visitors are expressly cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements or information due to the inherent uncertainty therein.
Except as required by law, IHS Markit undertakes no obligation to publicly release any update or revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after their time of publication.
Without prejudice to any agreement which you may have with IHS Markit, neither IHS Markit nor any data provider shall in any way be liable to you or any third party for any inaccuracies, errors or omissions (regardless of cause) in the Content, or for any damages (whether direct or indirect) resulting therefrom.
Without limiting the foregoing, neither IHS Markit nor any data provider shall have any liability whatsoever to you, whether in contract (including under an indemnity), in tort (including negligence), under a warranty, under statute or otherwise, in respect of any loss or damage suffered by you as a result of or in connection with any opinions, recommendations, forecasts, judgments, or any other conclusions, or any course of action determined, by you or any third party, whether or not based on the Content contained herein.
Your sole remedy against IHS Markit for dissatisfaction with the Content is to stop using the Content and this limitation of relief is a part of the bargain between the parties.
This disclaimer applies to any damages or liabilities caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction of or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use, whether for breach of contract, tort, negligence or any other cause of action.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless IHS Markit from and against any claim, action or demand, including, without limitation, reasonable legal fees, made by any third party against IHS Markit due to or arising out of your use of the Content.Social Media DisclaimerOpinions, statements, estimates and projections in this message or other media are solely those of the individual author(s).
They do not necessarily reflect the opinions of IHS Markit or any of its affiliates ("IHS Markit").
IHS Markit has no obligation to update, modify or amend this message or other media, or to otherwise notify a recipient thereof, in the event that any matter stated herein, or any opinion, projection, forecast or estimate set forth herein, changes or subsequently becomes inaccurate.
Any content, information and any materials provided in this message or other media is on an "as is" basis.
IHS Markit makes no warranty, expressed or implied, as to its accuracy, completeness or timeliness, or as to the results to be obtained by recipients, and shall not in any way be liable to any recipient for any inaccuracies, errors or omissions herein.
Without limiting the foregoing, IHS Markit shall have no liability whatsoever to a recipient of any message or media, whether in contract, in tort (including negligence), under a warranty, under statute or otherwise, in respect of any loss or damage suffered by such recipient as a result of or in connection with any actions, opinions, recommendations, forecasts, judgments, or any other conclusions, or any course of action determined, by it or any third party, whether or not based on the content, information or materials contained herein.
The inclusion of a link to an external website by IHS Markit should not be understood to be an endorsement of that website or the site's owners (or their products/services).
IHS Markit is not responsible for either the content, or output, of external websites.
Copyright © 2017 IHS Markit.
All rights reserved.


Last Updated: December 2017
