
The site is a public site with free access and Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd assumes no liability for the quality and genuineness of responses.
Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd cannot monitor the responses that a person may receive in response to information he/she has displayed on the site.
The individual/company would have to conduct their own background checks on the bonafide nature of all response(s).  
Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd will not be liable on account of any inaccuracy of information on this web site.
It is the responsibility of the visitor to further research the information on the site.
Any breach of privacy or of the information provided by the consumer to Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd to be placed on the website by technical or any other means is not the responsibility of Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd.
Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd does not guarantee confidentiality of information provided to it by any person acquiring/using all/any information displayed on the iimjobs.com website or any of its other websites / domains owned and operated by Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd.
Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd does not share personally identifiable data of any individual with other companies / entities without obtaining permission except with those acting as our agents.
Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd shall share all such information that it has in its possession in response to legal process, such as a court order or subpoena.
The user shall not utilize the services offered by iimjobs.com in any manner so as to impair the interests and functioning of iimjobs.com.
The user undertakes not to duplicate, download publish, modify and distribute material on iimjobs.com unless specifically authorized by Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd in this regard.
The user undertakes not to establish any deep link or other connection to any specific page of iimjobs.com other than the Home Page without obtaining prior consent of Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd.  
The user undertakes to use iimjobs.com for his/her own purposes.
Using content from iimjobs.com for derivative works with a commercial motive without prior written consent from Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd is strictly prohibited.  
iimjobs.com uses technological means to exclude Robots etc from crawling the website and scraping content.
The user undertakes not to circumvent these methods.  
Users undertake that the services offered by iimjobs.com shall not be utilized to upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available either directly or indirectly, any unsolicited bulk e-mail or unsolicited commercial e-mail.
Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd reserves the right to filter and monitor and block the emails sent by you/user using the servers maintained by Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd to relay emails.
All attempts shall be made by Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd and the user to abide by International Best Practices in containing and eliminating Spam.  
Users shall not spam the database maintained by iimjobs.com or indiscriminately and repeatedly forward mail that may be considered spam etc.
etc.
Any conduct of the user in violation of this clause shall entitle Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd to forthwith terminate all services to the user without notice and to forfeit any amounts paid by him.  
The user shall not upload, post, transmit, publish, or distribute any material or information that is unlawful, or which may potentially be perceived as being harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, vulgar, obscene, or racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable.  
The user expressly states that the resume/insertion or information/ data being fed into the network of Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd by the user is correct and complete in all respects and does not contain any false, distorted, manipulated, fraudulent or misleading facts or averments.
Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd expressly disclaims any liability arising out of the said resume insertion/information/ data so fed into the network of Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd by the user.
Further, the user agrees to indemnify Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd for all losses incurred by Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd due to any false, distorted, manipulated, defamatory, libelous, vulgar, obscene, fraudulent or misleading facts or otherwise objectionable averments made by the user on the network of Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd.  
The User is solely responsible for maintaining confidentiality of the User password and user identification and all activities and transmission performed by the User through his user identification and shall be solely responsible for carrying out any online or off-line transaction involving credit cards / debit cards or such other forms of instruments or documents for making such transactions and Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd assumes no responsibility or liability for their improper use of information relating to such usage of credit cards / debit cards used by the subscriber online / off-line.  
The User/Subscriber/Visitor to iimjobs.com and/or its affiliated websites does hereby specifically agree that he/she shall, at all times, comply with the requirements of the Information Technology Act, 2000 as also rules, regulations, guidelines, bye laws and notifications made thereunder, while assessing or feeding any resume/ insertion or information/data into the computers, computer systems or computer network of Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd.
The said User/ subscriber/ visitor to iimjobs.com and/or its affiliated websites does further unequivocally declare that in case he violates any provisions of the Information Technology Act, 2000 and/or rules, regulations, guidelines, byelaws and notifications made thereunder, he shall alone be responsible for all his acts, deeds and things and that he alone shall be liable for civil and criminal liability there under or under any other law for the time being in force.  
The User is solely responsible for obtaining, at his own cost, all licenses, permits, consents, approvals and intellectual property or other rights as may be required by the user for using the Service.  
The User / subscriber / visitor to iimjobs.com or affiliated site(s) are prohibited from uploading, posting, transmitting, updating or sharing: any information that:


belongs to another person and to which the user does not have any right to;


is grossly harmful, harassing, blasphemous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, pedophilic, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically objectionable, disparaging, relating or encouraging money laundering or gambling, or otherwise unlawful in any manner whatever.
harm minors in any way;


infringes any patent, trademark, copyright or other proprietary rights;


violates any law for the time being in force;


deceives or misleads the addressee about the origin of such messages or communicates any information which is grossly offensive or menacing in nature.
impersonate another person;


contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer resource.
threatens the unity, integrity, defense, security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign states, or or public order or causes incitement to the commission of any cognizable offence or prevents investigation of any offence or is insulting any other nation.





The user shall not infringe on any intellectual property rights of any person / entity or retain information / download any information from any computer system or otherwise with an intention to do so.  
Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd will make best efforts to do so but does not warrant that any of the web sites or any affiliate site(s) or network system linked to it is free of any operational errors nor does it warrant that it will be free of any virus, computer contaminant, worm, or other harmful components.&nbsp.
The subscription of a user shall be subject to Quotas as applicable and as advised.
E-Mails provided as part of contact details are expected to be genuine and access to such email accounts is available to authorized personnel only. 
Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd shall not be liable for any loss or damage sustained by reason of any disclosure (inadvertent or otherwise) of any information concerning the user's account and / or information relating to or regarding online transactions using credit cards / debit cards and / or their verification process and particulars nor for any error, omission or inaccuracy with respect to any information so disclosed and used whether or not in pursuance of a legal process or otherwise.  
Payments for the services offered by iimjobs.com shall be on a 100% advance basis.
Refund if any will be at the sole discretion of Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd.
Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd offers no guarantees whatsoever for the accuracy or timeliness of the refunds reaching the Customers card/bank accounts.&nbsp.
Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd gives no guarantees of server uptime or applications working properly.
All is on a best effort basis and liability is limited to refund of amount only.
Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd undertakes no liability for free services.
Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd reserves its right to amend / alter or change all or any disclaimers or terms of agreements at any time without any prior notice.
All terms / disclaimers whether specifically mentioned or not shall be deemed to be included if any reference is made to them.  
Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd further reserves its right to post the data on the website iimjobs.com or on such other affiliated sites and publications as Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd may deem fit and proper at no extra cost to the subscriber / user.  
The subscription / agreement between Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd and the subscriber / user is not a "non-poach agreement" nor can the same be termed or used as an alternative to "non-poach agreement" in as much as Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd / iimjobs.com is a public site and all information posted by Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd goes to the public domain except information / data which is specifically assigned a non-public / private character.  
Any agreement for a subscription / usage entered into Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd does not confer exclusivity of service on any subscriber / user.  
Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd will not be party to any legal proceedings between a user (e.g.
a subscriber) and a party contracted through the site.
In case Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd is implicated in any legal proceedings, costs will be recovered from the party that names Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd.
Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd however will abide with any court order served on it through due process.  
In case a person using the world wide web/internet receives a spam or virus which includes a link to iimjobs.com or to any other site maintained, operated or owned by Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd, it should not be held responsible for the same.
Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd assumes no responsibility for such mails.  
The services provided by the websites maintained, operated or owned by Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd do not extend to acting as an agent (express or implied) on behalf of any subscriber or user.  
Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd has no agents and does not operate through any agents save for those specifically mentioned on the home page of the website.  
The Terms and conditions mentioned above regulate the usage of iimjobs.com.
Any person using iimjobs.com in violation of the stipulations contained in the Terms and Conditions of iimjobs.com shall render himself/herself liable to appropriate action in a court of law both civil and criminal.  
The user of iimjobs.com is subject to the Privacy Policy available through this link. 
In case of non compliance of these Terms and Conditions or Privacy Policy, Highorbit Careers Pvt.
Ltd may terminate usage rights and take down any offending information that might have been uploaded by such subscriber/user 



"We as a merchant shall be under no liability whatsoever in respect of any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly out of the decline of authorization for any Transaction, on Account of the Cardholder having exceeded the preset limit mutually agreed by us with our acquiring bank from time to time."
