
Thank you for using Imgix! Imgix processes images at scale in real time, caches them, and delivers them to your users.This document is our Intellectual Property Policy, which governs the intellectual property rights at issue between Imgix and our customers.
This document also includes our DMCA policy.Our Intellectual Property Policy incorporates and is incorporated by our Terms of Service, so please read that document very closely.By using any Imgix Services, you agree to our Terms of Service and, by incorporation, our Intellectual Property Policy.
 You Retain All Rights to Your Images When you use our Services, you retain full rights in any materials you process through our Services.
You grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license (with the right to sublicense) to use, store, reproduce, modify, transmit, perform, analyze, and create derivative works using the images you provide.
This license is solely for the purpose of providing our Services to you. You Must Respect Our Intellectual Property Rights All aspects of our Services (unless otherwise noted) are protected by intellectual property laws, including copyright, trademark, and other proprietary rights.
We reserve all rights to our intellectual property and grant you only a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and revocable license to use our Services according to our TOS and our policies.
You agree not to use in any way the Imgix name or any Imgix trademarks, including our logos, domain names, or other brand features, without our prior permission. Copyright and DMCA Policy Imgix is not an image host.
We process, cache, and deliver images hosted by our customers, solely at our customers' direction.
Accordingly, for an image to be removed from a web page, a takedown request should be directed to the owner of the page on which the allegedly infringing image appears.
Nevertheless, it is our policy to respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with applicable law and are properly provided to us.
It is also Imgix's policy to terminate, in appropriate circumstances and at our discretion, the accounts of customers who may be repeat infringers.
If you believe that your content has been infringed and is being cached on one of our servers, please provide our designated agent (contact information below) with the following information:

a physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on their behalf;
identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed;
identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;
your contact information, including your address, telephone number, and an email address;
a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
and
a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
a statement confirming that the material has been removed from the originating site or access to it has been disabled or that a court has ordered that the material be removed from the originating site or that access to the material on the originating site be disabled.

Imgix's designated agent for notice of alleged copyright infringement may be contacted at:
 Chris Zacharias 423 Tehama St., San Francisco, CA 94103 dmca@imgix.com 
