
Thank you for using Imgix! Imgix processes images at scale in real time, caches them, and delivers them to your users.This document is our Payment Policy.
It governs billing, invoices, payment, and pricing for Imgix's Services.
This document incorporates and is incorporated by our Terms of Service.
Please read both documents carefully.By using any Imgix Services, you agree to our Terms of Service and, by incorporation, our Payment Policy.
 Minimum Monthly Payments Our payment plans' details are described on our pricing page located at http://www.imgix.com/pricing, which is incorporated into this document.
Each plan has a minimum monthly cost that you are required to pay regardless of how many requests or how much bandwidth you use each month.
All other fees will be added to your minimum monthly payment. Pricing The price for all Imgix Services, including minimum monthly payments, price per request, and bandwidth pricing, will be in U.S.
dollars, as described on our pricing page.
Our pricing may change from time to time, at our sole discretion, but we will give 30 days notice of any pricing changes via the email address you provided in your Account Information.
If our pricing changes, we will notify you via the contact information you provide to us at least thirty (30) days before the change is due to take effect, at which point you may choose to renew, cancel, or change your payment plan. Billing Periods and Invoices If you sign up for an Imgix account, your billing cycle will begin thirty (30) days from the numerical day on which your account was created, and will continue automatically until cancellation.
If that day would happen to be calculated as an impossible date, we select the last date of that month.
(For example, if you signed up on January 30, the February bill would charged on February 28, since there is no February 30.) Every thirty-day cycle is a "Billing Period." During each Billing Period, your payment for our Services will proceed according to the Imgix pricing scheme that was current on the date each Billing Period began.
All invoices are due and payable upon receipt.
All sales are final unless otherwise agreed upon by you and Imgix. Automatic Payment Your account will automatically renew every month unless your account is terminated or your serviced is canceled by either party.
You authorize Imgix, via our third-party payment processor, to automatically bill and/or charge the credit card you listed during registration for successive Billing Periods, unless your account is terminated or canceled by either party as provided in this TOS. In the Event of Termination or Cancellation If we terminate or cancel our Services, all fees paid in advance of cancellation will be prorated and refunded by Imgix to you.
If the costs incurred through your usage of our Services according to our Payment Policy ("Usage Costs") are greater than the minimum payment option for your plan, Imgix will not refund anything, and you will be charged the full amount of your Usage Costs.
If your Usage Costs are less than the minimum payment option for your plan, Imgix will prorate and refund the remainder of your minimum payment option.
