
        
Terms of Service

The terms of service (ToS) govern your use of this site, which is provided by Impact Buyer.
By accessing this site, you are indicating your acknowledgment and acceptance of the terms of service.
The terms of service are subject to change by Impact Buyer at any time in its discretion.
Your use of this site after such changes are implemented constitutes your acknowledgment and acceptance of the changes.
Please consult the terms of service regularly.

Impact Buyer reserves the right to remove or replace any uploaded files, and assumes no liability for lost data.
The following types of files constitute "abuse" and may not be uploaded under any circumstances, when using www.impactbuyer.com:

Files that violate any law or may be considered to violate any law.
Files that infringe on the copyrights of any entity excluding the user.
Files that advertise any commercial endeavor (e.g., offering for sale products or services) or otherwise engages in any commercial activity (e.g., conducting raffles or contests, displaying sponsorship banners, and/or soliciting goods or services).
Nudity or pornography, or anything that may be confused as nudity or pornography.
Gore or "shock" images that are that are intended to be offensive, disgusting and/or disturbing to viewers.
Website elements such as gradients and share icons.


Hotlinking to file-sharing, torrent, and pornographic sites is prohibited.


Uploading abusive files may result in the immediate termination of the user's ability to use Impact Buyer or any of its provided services.
The Impact Buyer website may not load, all Impact Buyer hosted files may not load, and all files related to the abusive files will be subject to deletion.
Circumventing Impact Buyer's ability to enforce the Terms of Service will result in prosecution.


To report any type of abuse, send email using the Contact Us page or by flagging the item for removal.
It may take up to 7 days to process deletion requests.

Legal Policy

Impact Buyer Terms of Service are subject to change without notice.


All files are copyrighted © to their respective owners.
Impact Buyer directs full legal responsibility of files to their respective users.


Impact Buyer is not responsible for the content of any uploaded files, nor is it in affiliation with any entities that may be represented in the uploaded files.

Limitation of Liability

User's use of Impact Buyer's services is entirely at his or hers own risk.
If you are dissatisfied with any aspect of Impact Buyer's Service or with these terms &amp.
conditions, or any other rules or policies, your sole remedy is to discontinue the use of the Service.
Impact Buyer's services are provided on an "as is" basis without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, constructive, or statutory, including, without limitation, any implied warranties of merchantability, non-infringement or fitness for a particular purpose.


Impact Buyer makes no guarantee of availability of service and reserves the right to change, withdraw, suspend, or discontinue any functionality or feature of Impact Buyer's services.
In no event shall Impact Buyer be liable for any damages whatsoever.
This includes direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages arising out of the use of or inability to use Impact Buyer's services or any content thereon.

Notification of Claims of Infringement

If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide the following information to us:


Identification of the material that you claim is infringing, with enough detail that we can locate it on the site.
A statement that you have a good faith belief that the materialâ??s use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement declaring under penalty of perjury that (a) the above information in your notice is accurate, and (b) that you are the owner of the copyright interest involved or that you are authorized to act on behalf of that owner.
Your address, telephone number, and email address.

Indemnity

User agrees to indemnify and hold Impact Buyer harmless from any loss, liability, claims, damages and expenses, including attorneys fees, arising from or related to the content, use, or deletion of User's Files or use of any other feature or service.
This expressly includes:


User's responsibility for any and all liability arising from the violation or infringement of proprietary rights or copyrights.
Any defamatory or unlawful material contained within User's Files.

Waiver

By accepting these terms, you waive and hold harmless Impact Buyer from any claims resulting from any action taken by Impact Buyer during or as a result of its investigations and/or from any actions taken as a consequence of investigations by either Impact Buyer or law enforcement authorities.

