
         Web Hosting Virtual Servers Network Nodes FAQ &amp.
About Us Contact &amp.
Support 

 Acceptable Usage Policy and Terms of Service Don’t confuse pro privacy, pro anonymity, pro free-speech with us offering a “free for all”.
We have some very basic rules that constitute acceptable use of our services.
This helps us maintain a quality service that can be enjoyed by all.
The first section covers our Acceptable Usage Policy (AUP), which states what sort of things we do not allow.
That is then followed by our Terms Of Service.
Are you looking for our Privacy Policy? That can be found on it's own page here.
By using our service you accept and agree to the following policies.
Please contact us if you have any questions or conncerns.
Last Updated: 01/23/2020 The following is NOT permitted.

Resource Abuse:

This is any activity, intentional or otherwise, that consumes an abundance of system resources that negatively impacts of the quality of the service for other customers.

We will respond to resource abuse by suspending the account in question and reaching out to you for a solution.
We will work with you if this is happening unintentionally and help you resolve the issue.
If we discover an intentional abuse of resources then your service will remain suspended until you’re able to retrieve a backup of your data, which we supply you, so that you may move your ill-intentions elsewhere.

Unsolicited Communication:

Spamming is the use of messaging systems to send an unsolicited message (spam) to large numbers of recipients for the purpose of commercial advertising, for the purpose of non-commercial proselytizing, or for any prohibited purpose (especially the fraudulent purpose of phishing).

The use of our services for spamming is strictly prohibited.
Any customer discovered to be sending spam, intentional or otherwise, will have their service suspended without notice until we are able to reach you for a solution.
If discovered that the spamming is intentional, your service will remain suspended until you’re able to retrieve a backup of your data, which we supply you, so that you may move your ill-intentions elsewhere.

Malicious Content:

This will be defined as any script, code, or file that performs a harmful action, either to the user(s) affected or as a bulk action triggered by the user.
This, for the sake of ease, will be any content, code, network activity or script that would violate the laws of the United States.
This includes but is not limited to phishing sites, participating in DdoS or other network related attacks, using our services to attempt to gain unlawful access into networks, devices, or systems that you have no authority to gain access to, etc.

Any account found to purposely be participating in the above actions will be suspended without notice, until we are able to reach you to determine if this was unintentional or intentional actions from your account.
If unintentional, we will work with you to resolve the problem.
If found to be intentional, your service will remain suspended until you’re able to retrieve a backup of your data, which we will supply you, so that you may move your ill-intentions elsewhere.

Content Depicting Minors Sexually:

Hosting, sharing or making available any images, video, or other media that depicts minors sexually (nude or non-nude) is strictly forbidden.
Any account found to be in violation of this will be immediately suspended.
If this is discovered to unintentional, we will advise you to remove the content immediately.
If it’s found to be intentional, your service will be terminated and your data removed from our servers.
We will not be put in a position where we are held liable for content such as that, and have no obligation to supply you with a backup of your data if in violation of the above rule.
Legal adult content is fine.
If faced with a situation where the legality is questionable, we will err on the side of caution and advise that it be removed.

Illegal Marketplaces:

Although we’re pretty libertarian, we can not in good faith knowingly allow our services to be used to host online marketplaces that deal in illegal goods or services.
You may link to them, you may review them, you may talk about them, you can do many things in regards to illegal marketplaces except host one yourself.
An illegal marketplace will be defined as any website allowing users and vendors to sign up to advertise and to purchase the sell of goods and services that would be determined to be illegal in practically every country on earth.
(Drugs, weapons, fake IDs, stolen credit card information, etc) Terms Of Service By using our service(s), you agree to the below terms.
We believe that these terms are more than reasonable and hope that you find them reasonable, too. Use of our Services 
Content hosted on our network should abide by both our Acceptable Usage Policy as well as the laws of your home country.

You are responsible for the content that is available under your account with us.
If hosting a website that allows users to share or distribute text, images, media or other files, it is your responsibility to moderate the content so that your account does not violate these or other terms.

We have the right to cancel or suspend your service as needed, for any reason and without notice.
If we suspend a service due to policy violations we will attempt with our best effort to reach you at your preferred point of contact to resolve the issue.
If we are unable to reach you or you fail to respond within a ‘reasonable’ amount of time (5+ days) we have the right to cancel and terminate your account.

You are responsible for backing up your own data.
While we do maintain a level of storage redundancy, we do not offer offsite backups at this time and do not archive your web hosting content off-site or elsewhere.

 Conditions Of Use 
You agree to abide by our Acceptable Usage Policy and understand that accidentally or purposefully violating our AUP may result in account suspension or termination without compensation depending on severity.

 Account Registration 
We do not verify the legitimacy of the details you supply when signing up when paying with crypto.

Clients should provide a legitimate point-of-contact (Email preferred) so that we may contact you as needed for invoicing and service related needs.
It is your responsibility to make sure your point of contact is reliable.
Any account with an overdue balance (see billing info below) can/will be suspended and may be terminated for non-payment.
We will also terminate any account after a long period of non-reachability when suspended for AUP violations.

Accounts paying with PayPal or Credit Cards will require additional verification and will require legitimate, personal identifying information to be reviewed to determine that your order is not fraudulent.

 Billing / Invoices / Payments 
We prefer that you pay for your services with cryptocurrencies, though you are free to pay via traditional methods as well.
Please contact us if you have any questions.
We accept crypto payments from our CoinsPayment.net payment gateway as well as direct payments (contact us first).

Crypto we accept: BTC, XMR, ETH, ETC, LTC, and OXEN

We will send you an invoice for your service renewal 10 days before it’s renewal date.

Accounts with ‘auto-debit’ enabled will be attempt to be charged on the service renewal date.

Any account more than 5 days overdue will be suspended for non-payment.
(Please contact us if you need more time.
We’re human and we understand that you may be late on payment.)

Any account more than 15 days overdue will simply be terminated.
This includes removal of your data, any generated domain(s) and/or their key files.
After deletion it will not be possible to recover any of this data.

Traditional Payment Methods such as paying with PayPal or Credit Card will require additional information and verifiable, legitimate information provided to us so that we may protect ourselves against fraud and the increased risk of fraudulent charge backs.
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone who fails to comply.

Accounts suspended or terminated due to policy violations will not be considered eligible for refunds.
Cancellation of services by the customer will result in a pro-rated refund for the unused service time within 30 days of cancellation.

 Service Processing 
After payment for service has been received, your order will be processed manually and you will be supplied with the information needed to start accessing your service from your supplied point of contact within 24 hours (typically, much faster).

Orders that remain unpaid for more than 24 hours will be deleted.
You will need to initiate the order process to continue with an order after that time.

Service downgrades will result in pro-rated refund for the difference in cost to be applied as service credit.
Service upgrades may be delayed depending on available resources / capacity / stock of the service in question.
Any previous outstanding invoice must be paid in full before service upgrades/downgrades can take place.

 Generated Domain Key Files 
The files associated with your I2P and Tor .onion domain names are stored outside of your user directory to prevent accidental deletion and/or modification which would render your domain(s) inoperable.

The domain key file(s) that we generate for your Tor Onion and I2P hosting will be given to you upon request.

Canceled or terminated accounts will have their domain key(s) removed from our servers as a privacy measure.
If you will need these keys to host your site(s) elsewhere, please make the request for them before cancellation, suspension for non-payment, etc.

 Business Hours We are unofficially available 24/7, meaning that we are a small team on various sleep schedules with the ability to respond to most questions/concerns within 8-12 hours, often times much faster.
We do not offer any response time guarantee currently.


We accept: BTC, XMR, ETH, ETC, LTC, OXEN, &amp.
PayPal + Cards (Processed by PayPal)


[ © 2021 INCOG.HOST | Public Keys | Warrant Canary | Privacy | AUP &amp.
TOS ]

[ Clearnet | TOR Site | I2P Site ( B32 | Helper ) | Yggdrasil (.ygg) ]
