

 EN 



 FR 


 DE 


 IT 


 ES 



 Resellers 
 Affiliate program 
 About us 
 Green hosting 
 Job 5 
 News 
 Support 
 FAQ  Price excl.
taxesincl.
taxes incl.
taxes Updated price.
All prices are now displayed excluding taxes All prices are now displayed including taxes
 Infomaniak Price excl.
taxesincl.
taxes incl.
taxes Updated price.
All prices are now displayed excluding taxes All prices are now displayed including taxes















 Infomaniak 
 I want to...

 Create a website 
 Create a site with WordPress Design a professional site in a few clicks.

 Create a site with a CMS Create a Joomla, Drupal, PrestaShop, etc., site.

 Create a site with a Web agency Find your ideal webmaster close to you.



 Create an email address 
 1 email free with 1 domain Create a personal email address in Switzerland with the domain of your choice.

 5 or more email addresses Create your professional email addresses in Switzerland with the domain of your choice.



 Store data online 
 kDrive Synchronise, share and work on your Word, Excel and PowerPoint documents online.

 Swiss Backup Back up your PC, Mac, servers and mobile devices on a secure cloud.

 NAS Synology Rent a Synology in our secure data centres to manage your data freely.



 Transfer a domain name 
 Pay an invoice 
 Quick actions 
 Compare hosting offers 
 Renew 


 Domains 
 Order Purchase your domain name at the best price.

 Domain Privacy Protect the private data of your domains in Whois and block spam.

 Transfer Relocate your domain to Infomaniak.

 Renewal Warranty Secure your domains against loss and theft.

 SSL certificates Secure your sites with a Sectigo or Let's Encrypt EV or DV certificate.

 Fast Anycast DNS New Speed up access to your site from anywhere in the world with just 1 click.

 DynDNS New Access your connected devices remotely via your domain name.

 Quick actions 
 Renew 
 Prices 
 Whois 
 Our tips 


 Hostings 
 Web &amp.
Mail 
 Web + Mail Hosting Create your sites and professional email addresses with our flagship offer.

 Mail Hosting Create your professional email addresses and sync your contacts and calendars.

 Web Hosting Create your internet sites (without email).

 WorkSpace Discover the Swiss webmail for SMEs which synchronises your emails, calendars and contacts.



 Dedicated and Cloud servers 
 Managed Cloud Server Create your sites with 100% dedicated resources.

 Unmanaged Cloud Server Create your Linux/Windows server with 100% dedicated resources.

 Jelastic Cloud Create your bespoke Cloud infrastructure (Java, Node.js, Ruby, Docker, etc.).

 Very High Availability Hosting Use the same technology as the world's most visited sites (custom SLA).



 Housing / Datacenter 
 Quick actions 
 Compare hosting offers 
 Renew 


 Infomaniak Suite 
 Infomaniak kDrive Collaborate and share your files wherever you are.
With Docs, Grids &amp.
Points 
 SwissTransfer.com Send files up to 50 GB free of charge.

 Infomaniak Mail The email service that respects your privacy.
With Calendar, Contacts &amp.
SMS 
 Infomaniak kMeet Create online meetings.
100% free and secure.

 Infomaniak My kSuite Master the branding of your tools with your domain and logo.

 Infomaniak kPaste Share your passwords and private messages with complete security.

 Quick actions 
 Renew 


 Backup and storage 
 Swiss Backup Back up your servers, workstations and files in a datacenter in Switzerland.

 Infomaniak kDrive New Collaborate and share your files wherever you are.

 Synology NAS Rent a NAS in a secure datacenter in Switzerland.

 SwissTransfer.com Share large files up to 50 GB for free.

 Quick actions 
 Renew 


 Marketing &amp.
Events 
 Newsletter Send your newsletters and manage your email marketing with an easy-to-use tool with no subscription.

 Guest manager Efficiently manage the invitations to your events.

 E-ticket box office Create your online box office for your professional events (festivals, seminars, etc.).

 Quick actions 
 Renew 


 Multimedia 
 Audio streaming (web radio) Create your online radio and freely monetise your live podcasts, etc.

 Video streaming (web TV) Create your online TV and freely monetise your live broadcasts.

 VOD/AOD Easily host and integrate your videos, podcasts, etc.
on your site.

 Quick actions 
 Renew 


 Support 
 Knowledge base 
 Contact us 
 Pay a bill 


 Subscription 
 Sign in 
 Manager login 


 EN 



 FR 


 DE 


 IT 


 ES 







 Subscription 
 Sign in 
 Workspace  Webmail, contacts, calendar 

 Manager  Managing Infomaniak products 



 Data confidentiality policy Confidentiality policy GDPR Policy on the use of cookies Legal documents 
 Confidentiality policy 
 GDPR 
 Policy on the use of cookies 
 Legal documents 
 “ ”  It is important to distinguish between the personal data that you entrust to us for the use of our services and the security of the data that you host on the Infomaniak technical infrastructure.

 You will find all the current questions concerning the security of the data that you host, as well as their exact scope, in our dedicated area for security questions.

This privacy policy applies to all our products and services. Commitment to the confidentiality of your personal data  Infomaniak collects as little information as possible about you.
In order to be able to deliver your order, guarantee the security of your data or collect your opinion on specific pages, it may nevertheless happen that we require some personal information.

 Infomaniak treats your personal data with care and ensures that your private life is protected.
Here are our three commitments regarding the confidentiality of your personal data:  Usage limited as much as possible  We never share your personal data with third parties without good reason.
 Responsible processing  We protect and treat your personal information as if it were our own.
 Transparent use  We use your personal information solely for the purposes described below.
 What personal data does Infomaniak save? Name address and place of residence  Your name is saved because to us, you are more than just a customer number when you contact us for support.
We also need your name and address to prepare your invoices, contact you or visit you for a cup of coffee (if you invite us).
 Electronic address  We store your email address to send you important messages about your order or account.
We also inform you through Infomaniak newsletters on new developments.
If necessary, you can choose to unsubscribe from them.
 Telephone number  We store your phone number to contact you in case of emergency or ask for your opinion.
In addition, we use your number to send you SMS as part of the two-step validation or to authenticate you.
 Connection details and customer number  We store your login details to secure access to your account and ensure that only authorised persons can access your personal data.
We also generate a unique customer number so we can help you faster and more efficiently.
 IP address  We store your IP address to allow you to have an overview of the IP addresses used to connect to your account and check the author of any changes.
This information is also used to help protect your account from unauthorised access from other locations.
 Payment details  We store payment information such as your PayPal credentials, your credit card, account number and your name as an account holder.
The processing of your payments also involves other parties such as companies affiliated with your means of payment or credit cards.
When placing an order, we will also generate a unique offer or invoice number, which will then be linked to your account.
 Your use of our Internet site  The details mentioned above in combination with cookies let us see how you use our website and our services, and what your interests are.
That enables us to improve our site, our services and the targeting of our advertising.
 When do we share your information with other parties? Infomaniak develops the majority of its solutions internally and collaborates only with partners that respect our security standards.
In addition, your data is only shared with third parties in the following cases:


 Provide or perform our services 
 We use services like Cashout or PayPal to offer various payment options.



 Improving our services, our site or our advertising 
 We use third-party software to determine how much you want a new product page.



 Get feedback 
 We sometimes use survey companies to find out how satisfied you are with our services.



 Execute a legal obligation 
 A court order can obligate us to share your information with the police.



 Register a domain name 
 ICANN accredited registrars are required to publish domain owner information in the Whois database of the domain name registry.
Everyone can see that you are the owner of a domain name.
However, thanks to Domain Privacy, Infomaniak offers the possibility of preserving the confidentiality of these data when the domain registry authorises it.


 Infomaniak Data Protection Officer (DPO)  He is the internal guarantor of the compliance of Infomaniak's data processing activities.
He has the necessary resources to exercise his role without conflicts of interest in respect of the obligations and good practices that Infomaniak must implement with regard to the protection of personal data.


Tiago Pedro, Data Protection Officer (DPO) Combating fraud  Your personal information lets us verify your identity when people contact us and try to usurp your identity with false information  Cookies  Cookies may contain personal information about you, such as your browsing behaviour and interests.
Check out our Cookie Policy for more information.
 Policy on the use of cookies Overview of your personal information  You can examine and control the majority of your personal information using your Manager.

 If you have any questions, please contact us.
 Logging into the Manager Legal or contractual provisions for the supply of personal data  The provision of personal data may be required by law or by contractual regulations.
To conclude a contract, for example, we are obliged to collect and process personal data.
Otherwise, no contract can be concluded.
 Existence of a decision-making process and automatic profiling  Infomaniak does not accept decision making or automatic profiling.
 Duration of personal data storage  We process and store personal data solely for the time needed to achieve the storage objective or for what is required by law.
As a general rule, processing is finalised whenever your contract is terminated.



 You must modify and delete data that you yourself store in your services.
After termination of the contract, we erase your data stored in our corresponding services after the legal conservation period.


Backup copies in our systems are automatically erased after the time frame set forth in our terms and conditions.
For contractual data, processing is limited after termination of the contract.
they are erased after the expiration of the legal conservation period.


 The data that you send during the processing of an order will be saved for a maximum period of six months.


 Your rights concerning your personal data How does Infomaniak use my data? Your personal data is used for the following purposes:

To provide and operate the Services
To develop, customise, expand and improve our Services, based on users’ preferences, experiences and common or personal challenges
To provide our users with ongoing administrative and technical support
To contact our Users with promotional messages and general or customised Service-related notices
To help us update, expand and analyse our records to identify new customers
To provide you with professional assistance, upon your request only
To enhance our data security and fraud prevention capabilities
To comply with applicable laws and regulations

Your personal data may be used for the purposes set out above if:

The use of your personal data is necessary to conclude a contract or take steps to enter into a contract with you.
We are required to use your personal data by an authority or by a legal or regulatory obligation.
We need to use your personal data to support certain legitimate business interests or purposes (e.g.
to maintain and improve our Services and Infomaniak’s efficiency by identifying technical problems), provided that this is done in a proportionate manner and respects your privacy rights.
 What information does Infomaniak collect about me? User personal data: We collect personal data that you provide to us when you use the Services or from other sources.
This collection is necessary to enable us to provide you with our Services.
We also record information when you contact us, such as support requests, notes, or information about your requests and how we responded to you.
We also use cookies and similar technologies on our websites and mobile applications to collect information about your interactions with and use of our Services.
Here are the types of personal data we collect about you:

Personal data.When you register for any of our Services, purchase and/or register a domain name, use any of our Services.
and/or contact us directly through any communication channel (e.g.
support tickets, chat or calls), you provide us with the following personal data:

-Contact Information

your last name
your first name
the name of your company, association, foundation
your login email address
a recovery email address
your mobile phone number
a postal address

-Identifiers

Passwords and security information used to enable authentication and access 

-Interaction data

Device data 
Device configuration
IP address(es)
Regional and language settings
Access points near your device


Geolocation data 
Infomaniak Sync
Infomaniak Check


Personal payment data, such as billing address or credit card details (for users of paid services)
Personal data that you include in your communications with us (such as an identity card, passport or official company registration documents, minutes of an association, certificate of inheritance, death certificates)
 Does Infomaniak share my data with third parties? We protect and process your personal information as if it were our own, and we never share your personal data with third parties without a valid reason.
In all cases, third parties do not have authorisation to use your information for any reason other than is described in our privacy policy.
It may happen that your personal data is shared with companies affiliated with our family of enterprises, with third parties with whom we are partners (e.g.
to allow you to integrate their solutions with our own services) or with third party privacy providers.
For example, we may share your data relating to payment processing, obtaining feedback or the execution of a legal obligation.
How can I update my personal information? You have control of your personal information.
Consult your options relating to data that we collect to learn more.
Can I control my personal data? We provide you with tools to control the information in your account as well as information on the manner in which it is used.
Access your Infomaniak account or contact us to: 


 Add and update information in your account, such as your name, telephone number and invoicing address;

 Consult and update your contact preferences for receiving messages concerning the account and Infomaniak products;

 Display and update Whois information on you names and domains registered through us.


 You can also unsubscribe from our marketing communications by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each of our emails, with the exception of messages concerning technical interventions or the evolution of your products.
Closing an account and deleting your data You can require the closure of your account if the following conditions are met: 


All products and services must be terminated via your Manager before account closure.
If the account still contains active products or services, the account can not be closed;
The balance of your prepaid account must be zero.
If needed, it is possible to make a request for reimbursement to recover the remaining balance to the bank account of your choice;
The request can only be honored to the extent that your data are no longer necessary for the purchased services, nor required for our legitimate products for business purposes or for legal or contractual requirements for record-keeping
When closing your account, you can request the deletion of your personal data.
Please note that a period of 30 days may be required to completely delete the data attached to your account.
Without a specific request from you, Infomaniak will automatically delete all of your data six months after termination of your account.
You will not be able to access your account and its payment history once it is deleted.
Can I verify the data that Infomaniak has about me? You can request a copy of your personal data in electronic format that you can transmit to other service providers if you wish.
We will respond to your request within 30 days by supplying you with a link to easily recover your data.
How do you guarantee the security of my personal data? Here are some of our methods which help you protect your identity and your personal data:


We encrypt the personal data that you send us via online forms using the latest encryption technology, thereby preventing anyone from intercepting your information.

We give you the opportunity to strengthen your Infomaniak account security using two-step validation.

Our employees are trained every year and regularly made aware of best practices to guarantee the privacy of your personal data.


We protect our company network using several layers of security.

We have access to physical protection measures to guarantee the security of our employees and their equipment.

We use an association of software and equipment to protect our network against possible intrusions or vulnerabilities.


Our dedicated team of security professionals supervises privacy practices for devices and applications.

We regularly have the security of our infrastructure tested by specialised companies to discover and strengthen against any vulnerabilities even before they can be detected.

 How can I strengthen the security of my personal data? Infomaniak cannot guarantee the security of your personal data without your collaboration.
We advise following these recommendations to best protect your personal data: 


 Use complex and different passwords for each of your services.

 Never share your password.

.
Log off from your Infomaniak account when you use a computer that you share with other people.

Change your password at least once a year.

Activate two-step validation on your Infomaniak account.

Install a reputable antivirus software on your computer.

 This page always shows the latest version of our privacy policy.
If you have any questions,please contact us.

 This privacy policy was amended on 1 May 2018.
 Infomaniak Blog About us Support Knowledge base Site map General Sales Conditions &amp.
Data Policy Swiss hosting provider Wordpress hosting Web Hosting Mail Hosting Cloud Server / VPS SSL certificates Domains Register a domain Transfer a domain Whois domain Renewal Warranty Domain Privacy Fast Anycast DNS Report an abuse Professional tools Synology NAS Newsletter tool Video streaming live Live Audio Streaming Housing and colocation Guest manager Green hosting Certificates and rewards Environmental commitments 
















 Infomaniak 
 General Sales Conditions &amp.
Data Policy 
 Confidentiality policy 
 News About us Ecological charter Join us! Your browser is outdated, security and browsability are no longer guaranteed.
We recommend that you update it as soon as possible by clicking here.

      