
        Terms and Conditions
Ingenta Connect is powered by Ingenta.
Ingenta Connect offers its users the ability to obtain certain articles from various publishers.
Particular articles are displayed in the manner in which they appear in the journals in which they are originally published and are made available through Ingenta Connect in conjunction with the entirety of the journals in which they were published.
Such articles are made available to Ingenta Connect's users under arrangements between Ingenta and the publishers of such journals, and also, in some instances, under arrangements between the users and such publishers.
The articles made available through Ingenta Connect are protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws.
To the best of Ingenta's knowledge, the publishers that use Ingenta Connect to make documents available have secured all necessary rights to make these documents available to be copies by the users.
Use of these documents by Ingenta Connect's users may be restricted by the user's agreement with the publisher.
In addition, any user's unauthorized copying, distribution, public display, public performance, and preparation of derivative works from such documents is prohibited by copyright law.
By using this service, the user represents and warrants that he or she will not use the service in any manner that would violate any third party's copyright, intellectual property, or other rights.
Any violations or potential violations should promptly be reported to help@ingentaconnect.com
THIS SERVICE IS PROVIDED "AS IS," WITH NO WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER.
ALL EXPRESS, IMPLIED, AND STATUTORY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY RIGHTS ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
NEITHER INGENTA NOR ITS PARENT CORPORATIONS, SUBSIDIARY CORPORATIONS, SUCCESSORS, AFFILIATES, OR ASSIGNS (COLLECTIVELY, "INGENTA") SHALL BE LIABLE UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES FOR THE USE OR MISUSE OF THIS SERVICE.
SUCH LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW TO PREVENT THE RECOVERY OF DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, AND PUNITIVE DAMAGES (EVEN IF INGENTA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES).
Use of Cookies
Ingenta Connect uses cookies in several ways
Ingenta Connect uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.
("Google").
Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google.
Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
When you visit Ingenta Connect, you may view advertisements posted on the site by Google or other companies.
These advertising companies may collect information about you while you are visiting this website and other websites.
They may use this data to show you advertisements on this website and elsewhere on the Internet about products and services you might like.
You may be able to opt out of such advertising.
To find out more about Google, its DoubleClick DART cookie, and to opt out of its interest-based advertising, click this link: Your use of this website without opting out means that you understand and agree to data collection to provide you with interest-based advertising.
Ingenta also uses this cookie to anonymously determine, what ads have been viewed, where they were located and to limit the number of times a user sees that ad.
Refund Policy
Content available via Ingenta Connect is available for download only.
The content will be available for viewing immediately after purchase, and can continue to be accessed for the duration of the download period indicated when purchasing the item.
Before you complete your purchase please carefully review whether the particular product under consideration will meet your needs.
Additional information on the length of the document (Page Range) is clearly flagged.
If you experience any problems downloading content please contact help@ingentaconnect.com and we will assist you.
You may request the refund of a pay-per-view order you have submitted via the service under the following conditions:
1.
there was a technical issue on the service which prevented successful delivery
*AND*
2.
you notify us that the article is no longer required and request cancellation within one day of the order being placed.

Note that BOTH conditions need to be met. When you send your refund request to us at help@ingentaconnect.com we will confirm to you via e-mail.
The refund will be applied to the same card used at the time of ordering within one working day of making the request.
Failure to make a refund request before being supplied with an item, WILL result in a charge being applied.
Deposit Account Maintenance and Audit Charges
An annual maintenance charge is applied to deposit accounts at October 1st each year.
This is $100 for basic deposit accounts and $250 for advanced deposit accounts.
Deposit accounts may be subject to an audit fee if the account has no usage for 12 months.
The audit fee is 10% of the current balance or $100, whichever is greater.
There will be a $100 closure fee for any deposit account that is closed resulting in a refund.
Opinions and reliance on hosted content
Ingenta does not screen, select, edit, or review the content hosted on Ingenta Connect (the ‘Website’) for legal purposes, accuracy, or usefulness.
The content hosted on the Website remains the property of the publisher or supplying entity who is entirely responsible for all matters relating to, and for the content.
The information presented on or through Ingenta Connect is made available solely for general information purposes.
Ingenta do not warrant the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of this information.
Any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own risk.
Ingenta disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such information by you or any other visitor to the Website, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
Additionally, all statements and/or opinions expressed in the hosted content are solely the opinions and the responsibility of the publisher/entity providing the content and do not necessarily reflect the opinion of Ingenta.
Registered Company Details
Registered name: Ingenta plc
Registered in England No.
837205.
Registered Address: 8100 Alec Issigonis Way, Oxford Business Park North, Oxford OX4 2HU.
VAT Registration number: GB 134 7094 71
Tel: + 44 (0)1865397800
Email: help@ingentaconnect.com
