
         Home » About » Privacy Policy Software Privacy Policy Inkscape, as a software, does not, in any way, collect or transmit any Personal Information (or any information at all). Caveat Inkscape may access your Linux, Mac or Windows username e.g.
C:\Users\Bob\ for the purpose of opening the files you want to open with it, like any application.
This username, in some cases, might be included in edited svg files.
If *you* choose to transmit on the web a svg file created or edited with Inkscape, it might contain full file paths including that username, that Inkscape sometimes embeds into the file for the purpose of remembering where you save png exports of specific files.
You can get around that by saving as "Optimized SVG", and this information will be stripped out of the file. Website Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Inkscape collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the https://inkscape.org website (“Site”). Personal identification information We may collect personal identification information from a User in a variety of ways.
This includes data collected from usage of activities, services, website features and resources offered by our website, such as, but not limited to: visiting our site, filling out forms, uploading files and responding to surveys.
Users may be asked for their name or nick name and email address, as appropriate.&nbsp.
Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously.
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us.
Users can always refuse to supply personally identifying information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Sometimes we may award items, for which we require a mailing address.
This doesn't need to be the User's home address - a P.O.
box or place of employment or a trusted third party of their choice would be acceptable in most cases.
This is opt-in, but if the User chooses not to opt-in, they may be ineligible to receive the rewards.
Inkscape may fund development activities or reimburse individuals for expenses or similar.
Payments for these things will require some banking information (or postal address for sending checks), but this information is not required by Inkscape or its administrators.
instead the User will be directed to provide it to the Software Freedom Conservancy, who will cut the checks or conduct the money transfer directly with the User.
Data about donations a User makes to the Inkscape project are recorded by the Software Freedom Conservancy, and, depending on the way the User donates the money, by the money-handling service that is used (e.g.
Paypal).
Some of the individual donation data may be shared with the project Board.
We will not publish any data about individual donations without the donor's consent (Software Freedom Conservancy Privacy Policy). Non-personal identification information We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site.
Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer, operating system, country, default language, IP address and similar information. Web browser cookies.
Our Site uses “cookies” to enhance the User's experience.
The User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping and tracking purposes.
The User may set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to give an alert when cookies are being sent.
If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly, e.g.
it will not be possible to login or to use any website features beyond browsing the site.
How we use collected information Inkscape may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:

To run and operate our Site
To display content on the Site correctly
To help us respond to your help requests more efficiently
To personalize user experience
To understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site
To improve our Site's functionality
To run promotions, contests or other community activities
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them
To send periodic emails
To send alerts via email or other means about events
To respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests via email

How we protect your information We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password hash, transaction information and other data stored on our Site. Sharing your personal information We do not sell, trade, or rent Users' personal identification information to others.
We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Some of the information related to a User's account, e.g.
date of last visit or links to social media profiles, if provided, may be visible to other users visiting our Site.
Certain services on the website permit the User to upload files, including but not limited to written text, rendered artwork (PNG, etc.), and source artwork (SVG, etc.).
It is assumed by the uploading of the data that the intent is for it to be shared.
we provide tagging mechanisms for allowing the User to specify a license to govern the sharing of this data.
Apart from the license, no promises of non-disclosure are provided for material uploaded to the site. Mailing Lists and Announcements If a User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include news and project updates.
If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or the User may contact us via our Site. Third party websites Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners or other third parties.
We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site.
In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing.
These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies.
Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Updates Inkscape has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time.
When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site and revise the updated date at the bottom of this page.
We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect.
You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications. Your acceptance of these terms By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy.
If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site.
Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes. Contacting us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us.
This document was last updated on June 28, 2016
