

Overviews

Privacy Policy
GDPR
LGPD
CCPA
Cookie Policy


Compliance

GDPR Compliance
LGPD Compliance
CCPA Compliance


Documents

DPA
Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC)

EU Model Contract Clauses (Controller-to-Processor) – UK
Module 2: Controller-to-Processor
Module 4: Processor-to-Controller


Sub-processors List


Other Links

GDPR text
CCPA text
Do Not Sell My Personal Information


 Cookie Policy 
InMotion Hosting Cookie Policy

This Cookie Policy describes how and why InMotion Hosting, Inc.
(“we,” “us” or “the Company”) use cookies, web beacons, pixels, tags, scripts and other similar technologies in the course of our business, including through websites and apps that link to this Cookie Policy.
It also explains your rights to control our use of these tracking technologies.
For additional information about our privacy practices, please review our Privacy Policy.

What are cookies?

Cookies are small data files sent from a website and stored in your browser or device.
They contain a string of text that contains information about your browser.
Some cookies can contain personally identifiable information such as name, address, IP address, etc.

What kind of cookies are in use?


Session Cookies are cookies that are erased when the user closes the Web browser.
The session cookie is stored in temporary memory and is not retained after the browser is closed.
Session cookies do not collect information from the user’s computer.

Persistent Cookies are stored on your device between site visits.
They allow us to remember your preferences.

First-Party Cookies are cookies created by our site for use while on our site.
Third-Party Cookies are cookies created by third-parties outside of our site.

How and why we use cookies

Cookies are integral to the functionality of our site including our chat interface, shopping cart, and targeted advertising.
We also use cookies to help us improve the performance of or provide you extra functionality for our site.
The kinds of cookies we utilize include:

Strictly Necessary Cookies are cookies absolutely necessary for the functionality of our Site.
These include cookies that enable the use of our shopping cart feature when ordering services, cookies to log in to our Support Center, and cookies used to access your Account Management Panel (AMP).

Performance Cookies recognize return customers and any preferences they have made in previous visits.

Advertising Cookies help us deliver personalized ad content relevant to your interests.
As we utilize third parties services, our authorized service providers may also place cookies on your device

Analytical or Customization Cookies. These cookies collect information about how users access and move through the Site.
We use this information in either aggregate form to help us to improve the way our Site works, or to personalize our Site to your interests.

Social Media Cookies allow us to integrate social media functions into our Site and may also be used for advertising purposes.

Support Technologies may include first or third-party cookies, web beacons / pixels, and scripts placed in order to provide tools for you to interact with our customer support teams.
This technology allows us to provide chat services, gather customer feedback, and other tools used to support our visitors.
Data collected for these purposes is never used for marketing or advertising purposes.

How to manage, control and delete cookies

Here are some in-depth guides on how to control and delete cookies:

Internet Explorer


Firefox


Chrome


Safari

To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, visit http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html.

Further information about deleting and blocking cookies can be found at http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
Further information about our advertisers’ use of cookies can be found at:

http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html.

European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance: http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/

Internet Advertising Bureau (US): https://www.iab.com/

Internet Advertising Bureau (EU): https://www.iabeurope.eu/

If you have any questions or concerns regarding our use of cookies or other tracking methods, please email us at privacy@inmotionhosting.com.

Revised 01/28/2020

