
         Website Privacy Policy 
1.
YOUR INTERACTION WITH INMOBI WEBSITE AS A BUSINESS PARTNER


1.1 WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT? 

If you choose to create an account on the InMobi website to conduct business with us, we collect your username, password, email address, country, and preferred account type when you register.
You may also be redirected to our website by our partners or you may be sharing your data with such partners who may, in turn, provide your data to us (which may consist of your username, password, email address, country etc.) to enable you to engage with us as a business partner.
We urge you to refer such partner's privacy policy and terms of any forms provided, separately.
We wish to clarify that, in this context, your information may be used by InMobi to contact you for the only purpose of engaging with InMobi or its affiliates as a business partner.
InMobi does not share/ sell this data to any third parties and personal information submitted through the account creation forms would fall within the CCPA's B2B exception.
You can also provide us with other optional information, such as your name, picture, postal address, phone number, social network profiles, questionnaire responses, general business information, and other personal, biographical, or demographic info.
This optional information is not necessary for you to use the InMobi site or to maintain an account with us, but by sharing this information we can better serve you and improve your overall website experience.
If you provide the name and email address of a friend or colleague, we may use that information to send the individual an invitation to visit or register with our site or become a business partner with us.
Please do not share any personal or sensitive information with us if you do not have the right to share the same or if you are not interested in conducting business with us.
Kindly note that this Section 16 is solely intended for business communications.

1.2 THE USAGE INFORMATION WE COLLECT 

In addition to the personal information described above, we also collect certain information about your usage of the site.
Specifically, our servers collect the following information automatically about your usage of the site:

the type of web/mobile browser you use (e.g.
Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome or another)
where you navigate within the site (e.g.
the pages that you visit within the InMobi site)
your browsing preferences, such as your screen size, resolution and other viewing preferences
the links and advertisements that you click on
information about how you arrived at our site (e.g.
whether you were directed to our site by a search engine or another third-party website).
or
information about how you leave our site (e.g.
which website you visit immediately after visiting our site) We may use cookies to help us collect and store this information, as described in more detail in our cookie policy.


1.3 HOW DO WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT?

We use the account information and other information you provide to manage your account, communicate with you, conduct business with you (e.g.
reporting and payment), personalize the InMobi website, comply with your requests, and inform you about products and services in accordance with your marketing preferences for business purposes.
We use your usage information to analyze our traffic, to figure out how often business partners use parts of the site, to improve the site and generally to make it appealing.

1.4 WHO DO WE SHARE INFORMATION WITH?

We will share your personal information or personal data only in ways that are described in this Section.
From time to time, we may need to disclose your information to third parties such as to law enforcement authorities or our legal advisers, where it is necessary to comply with the law or regulation.
enforce or apply our user terms and conditions.
to protect our rights, or to preserve the safety of our users.
This may include exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
We may also share your personal information with companies that provide services to help us with our business activities (e.g.
processing payments or submitting emails to you on our behalf), in connection with any merger, a sale of InMobi assets, or a financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Whenever we share your personal information or personal data for this reason, we will ensure that the recipient is bound by all appropriate confidentiality obligations and that it is committed to using your personal information only for the purposes for which you originally provided it.
You should also be aware that the information submitted to public areas, such as our blogs, may be read, collected, and used by others who access them.
If you interact with social media features on our site, such as the Facebook Like button, or use your social network credentials to comment on our blog, these features may collect information about your use of this site as well as post information about your activities on this site to your profile page.
Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.

1.5 INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS

We may share your information with our Affiliates and other third parties described above who are based in countries outside of your country of residence (for example, if you are an EU resident, we may share your information with our non-EU clients or Affiliates).
While some countries may not have data protection laws that are equivalent to those of the country in which you reside, we will take all reasonable measures to protect your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and all applicable legal requirements.

1.6 HOW DO WE KEEP INFORMATION SECURE?

We use appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect the information we collect.
We use multiple electronic, procedural, and physical security measures to protect against unauthorized or unlawful use or alteration of information, and against any accidental loss, destruction, or damage to information.
However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.

1.7 HOW LONG DO YOU KEEP INFORMATION?

Considering this Section 16 is intended for business communications and business engagement only, we retain information for as long as it is necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Section 16 and/or for engaging with you as a business partner, unless otherwise required by law.

1.8 CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time.
The amended Privacy Policy will be displayed on our site.
If we make any material changes, we will notify you by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective.
Please check our Privacy Policy regularly to ensure you have read the latest version.

1.9 CONTACT US

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or you wish to exercise any data subject/ consumer rights, please contact us at privacy@inmobi.com.
