
        
INNERSLOTH CODE OF CONDUCT Innersloth is dedicated to providing a safe, enjoyable, and encouraging space for our community to play our games.

All of us are responsible for creating and contributing to a positive community, so please familiarize yourself with the Code of Conduct and interact in a way that reflects the values and responsibilities in it.
You will be held accountable for your actions regardless of whether or not you’ve read this.
Whether you’re playing our games or chatting online, we love to see you cheer each other on and interact. EXPECTATIONS All our players deserve to be a part of our community and play Among Us free from harassment, abuse, and hatred.
However, that is the bare minimum expectation.
We encourage all players to work together to prevent harm and create a positive environment for everyone.
In order to create a great game experience and a better community, familiarize yourself with the points below.
Note that bad faith reports or weaponization of any of the rules will result in enforcement of consequences. BEHAVIOUR We ask that you be kind, respectful, and excellent to each other in game – whether that’s via text or voice chat.
This is your community as much as it ours!
Here are some non-exhaustive examples of how you can create a better player experience:
:)

Kindness is a continual, active effort.
Be accepting of other people’s abilities, hold each other accountable, lend a helping hand, and encourage each other.

If you’re asked to stop using a term during a game, then stop, even if you don’t think it’s offensive! Don’t assume everyone always understands your intent or meaning - we have a global community.

Respect people’s boundaries and own up to your mistakes.
If you’ve upset someone with your language, apologizing is always a great way of mending the bridge! 
If you are being harassed, we recommend you disengage, report, and leave.
They do not deserve your emotional energy and it can often lead to more harassment if not handled properly.


:(

Never make hateful, discriminatory, or derogatory comments on a player’s gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, mental or physical abilities, race, ethnicity, nationality, religion, socioeconomic standing, or otherwise.
This includes micro-aggressions (subtle, indirect discrimination.) 
Threats and harassment are inexcusable.
Brushing them off as “just a joke” or “not my intent” will not be accepted.

Do not behave inappropriately.
Sexual suggestions, bullying, and other forms of misconduct are not accepted.

Never “punish” someone for not following your line of thinking.
Among Us is all about deception, so getting things wrong is part of the fun! If you are getting frustrated playing the game, take a break.
It’s OK to step away and come back to the game later.

 SAFETY &amp.
PRIVACY It’s important to always remember basic internet safety practices.
Remember, once it’s on the internet, it isn’t going away.
Here are some non-exhaustive examples of how you can have a safer game experience:
:)

Choose strong passwords, keep your device secure, and report any suspicious activity.

Turn on Quick Chat or language filters to customize your chat experience.

If you see someone being harassed, see if you can support them with kinds words and report the offensive behavior.
It can mean a lot.


:(

Beware of sharing any personal information like your real name, where you live, your birthday, phone numbers, emails, social media handles, passwords, etc.
Do not follow suspicious links.

Do not promote any dangerous or illegal activities, including but not limited to doxing, abuse, gambling, drug use, phishing, self-harm, etc.
If you see this happening, report it immediately.

Do not impersonate the developers, streamers, celebrities, government officials, etc.
No one at Innersloth will ever ask for your information in-game.

 KEEP THE SPIRIT OF THE GAME A game is only as good as its community, and to ensure everyone has fun with each other, remember to cooperate and abide by the rules of participation.
Here are some non-exhaustive examples of how you can get the most fun out of the game:
:) 

Play by the group rules.
Cheating, hacking, griefing, and the like are not allowed.

Play your role to the best of your ability and help others learn the game when you are asked.


:(

Do not leave games simply because you did not get a role you wanted or get angry when someone seemingly gets a role more.
Impostor selections are random.

Do not spam the communication channels.

 REPORT EXPLANATIONS You can easily report users in the game by clicking the “Kick” button when you open up in game Chat.



Inappropriate Name: When a player has an offensive, toxic, or otherwise inappropriate account name.


Inappropriate Chat: When a player is spamming or making demeaning, engaging in unsportsmanlike conduct, and/or bullying.


Cheating/Hacking: When a player is cheating, hacking, or exploiting the game.


Harassment/Misconduct: When a player is threatening/harassing an individual or group, making sexually suggestive comments, doxing, promoting illegal activity, or impersonating someone.

 CONSEQUENCES If you violate our code of conduct, we may restrict your access to the game and the community.
Use this time to reflect on the behavior that led to this restriction.
We hope we can see you learn and grow from it!
Remember this list isn’t exhaustive.
We reserve the right to enforce this Code of Conduct and take disciplinary action at our own discretion.
Ban evasion will not be tolerated.
Consequences include:


Temporary ban: Lose access to all online features and systems for a temporary amount of time (between 1 – 30 days depending on the severity of the transgression), including alternate accounts.


Permanent ban: Lose access to all online features and systems, including alternate accounts permanently.


Honestly I’m just going to be really disappointed in you.


