
         skip to content 
 Entertainment Movies Music Famous Relationships Celebrities TV News &amp.
Politics Business World News Crime Odd Human Interest US Politics Animal Sports Basketball Football Baseball Wrestling MMA Soccer Hockey Health &amp.
Lifestyle Fashion Shopping Family Religion BuzzWorthy Health LGBTQ Food &amp.
Dining Travel Science &amp.
Tech Gaming Gadgets Technology Science 
 Terms Of Service Inquisitr, Ltd.
Terms Of Service (TOS)Inquisitr.com is a service operated by Inquisitr, LTD.
This TOS form showcase the main scope of our service and the responsibilities set forth for use of the Inquisitr.com website, social media accounts and other services offered by Inquisitr Ltd.
through Inquisitr.com

Please note that the Terms of Service listed in this section are subject to change at anytime and a timestamp will be applied to showcase the current update time for the websites TOS.


Use of the Service. Inquisitr.com can be used for personal and non-commercial purposes at the visitors discretion.
Please note that Inquisitr.com is meant for entertainment purposes only and our Terms of Service issues a standard regard for applicable laws, rules and regulations.

Registration. As a user of Inquisitr.com you are not required to register as a member of our service, however in some cases, such as our Facebook Social News Reader application, RSS feeds and other offerings you may be required to register for an account and agree to the terms and services of those website and off-website selections.
Please note that allowing other people to use your personal account will hold you fully responsible for their actions based on these terms of service.
Inquisitr.com does not acknowledge the transferring of accounts to other users or entities.
In certain cases our service may provide you with the ability to upload and share information, submit comments and other information to public forums and participate in contests, sweepstakes, programs and other parts of the service not listed in this terms of service.
As part of your site usage you grant Inquisitr Ltd.
and Inquisitr.com the right to a perpetual license to use, redact, republish, copy, sell, distribute, perform and distribute your content and screen name, including any claims you have to intellectual property.
Your information can be used for any medium without payment or compensation to you and without seeking any further approval from you as part of the service, advertising and marketing.
By uploading content to Inquisitr.com and our social media and other outside accounts you acknowledge that the information you provide is your own and that we do not need to seek third party permission in order to use your posted content.
If Inquisitr.com and Inquisitr Ltd.
decides to sell any public information made available to use by our users those users waive any moral rights, or right to any residual payment in regards to the sale, distribution or other commercial uses of that content.

Acceptable Use Policy. We ask that our users do not engage in spam, hate speech, threats against other users, swearing and other generally accepted forms of abuse.
If you witness this type of abuse you can report users to team@surge.io.
Inquisitr.com acknowledges that our users can easily post information to our comments sections, email forms and other parts of the Inquisitr.com website, we will not however allow for the following types of information:

is defamatory, abusive, obscene, profane or offensive;
infringes or violates another party’s intellectual property rights (such as music, videos, photos or other materials for which you do not have written authority from the owner of such materials to post on the Service);
violates any party’s right of publicity or right of privacy;
is threatening, harassing or that promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual;
promotes or encourages violence;
is inaccurate, false or misleading in any way;
is illegal or promotes any illegal activities;
contains personal information of any party such as phone numbers, addresses, license plate numbers etc;
contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment.
or
contains any advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other form of solicitation.

Inquisitr.com and Inquisitr Ltd.
is not obligated to screen any content before it is placed on Inquisitr.com or through our social networking accounts.
As content is reported or discovered by Inquisitr.com employees we will determine what is deemed excessive or misappropriate behavior.
Inquisitr.com can delete, edit or report content as needed.
Inquisitr.com and Inquisitr Ltd.
is not responsible for the accuracy, usefully, safety or intellectual property provided by third party company’s who advertise or otherwise do business with Inquisitr.com and Inquisitr, LTD.
You agree to seek further action at your discretion directly against third-party providers should their information prove harmful or incorrect.
Inquisitr.com and Inquisitr Ltd.
does not condone the use of spiders, robots and other electronic devices to gather, download or reproduce our content outside of the Inquisitr.com website.
Any attempt to manipulate our service or exceed limited authorization of our systems is considered a direct violation of our terms of service and other website based policies.
Inquisitr.com and Inquisitr Ltd.
reserves the right to suspend, delete and report your account to the proper authorities when you are found to be in direct violation of our terms of service and other website policies.
We are not required to provide users with upfront notice before suspending or terminating accounts and we are not required to provide a reason for our decision.

Links.
Inquisitr.com and Inquisitr Ltd.
features links to third-party websites for which we have no control, users who leave our site via advertisements and all other links placed on Inquisitr.com agree that Inquisitr.com and all of its agents are free from all responsibility for the actions taken by websites led to by those links.

Our Proprietary Rights. Company or its licensors are the exclusive owners of all software, graphics, designs and all copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property or proprietary rights contained on or used in connection with the Service.
Except as set forth herein, you agree not to copy, distribute, modify or make derivative works of any materials without the prior written consent of the owner of such materials.
All rights not granted under these Terms of Use are reserved by Company.

No Warranties. THE SERVICE, INCLUDING ALL CONTENT MADE AVAILABLE ON OR ACCESSED THROUGH THE SERVICE, IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER FOR THE CONTENT ON THE SERVICE.
FURTHER, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE SERVICE OR ANY MATERIALS OR CONTENT CONTAINED THEREIN WILL BE COMPLETELY SECURE, UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE SERVICE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR THE USE OF THE SERVICE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE CONTENT AND ANY ERRORS CONTAINED THEREIN PROVIDED BY THIRD PARTIES.
IN NO EVENT WILL WE BE LIABLE UNDER ANY THEORY OF TORT, CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA, LOST OPPORTUNITIES, COSTS OF COVER, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, PERSONAL INJURY/WRONGFUL DEATH, EACH OF WHICH IS HEREBY EXCLUDED BY AGREEMENT OF THE PARTIES REGARDLESS OF WHETHER OR NOT WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
If any part of these warranty disclaimers or limitations of liability is found to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason or if we are otherwise found to be liable to you in any manner, then our aggregate liability for all claims under such circumstances for liabilities, shall not exceed the lesser fifty dollars ($50).

Indemnity. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Company, its officers, directors, employees, business partners and agents, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees) arising from: (i) any breach by you of any of these Terms of Use, (ii) your Content, (iii) your use of materials or features available on the Service (except to the extent a claim is based upon infringement of a third party right by materials created by Company) or (iv) a violation by you of applicable law or any agreement or terms with a third party to which you are subject.

Governing Law. The laws of the State of Israel shall govern these Terms of Use.
YOU HEREBY EXPRESSLY CONSENT TO EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION AND VENUE IN THE COURTS LOCATED IN ISRAEL FOR ALL MATTERS ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OF USE OR YOUR ACCESS OR USE OF THE SERVICE.
Any claims asserted by you in connection with the Service must be asserted in writing to Company within one (1) year of the date such claim first arose, or such claim is forever waived by you.
Each claim shall be adjudicated individually, and you agree not to combine your claim with the claim of any third party.

Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) Notice. Materials may be made available via the Service by third parties not within our control.
We are under no obligation to, and do not, scan content used in connection with the Service for the inclusion of illegal or impermissible content.
However, we respect the copyright interests of others.
It is our policy not to permit materials known by us to infringe another party’s copyright to remain on the Service.
If you believe any materials on the Service infringe a copyright, you should provide us with written notice that at a minimum contains:

A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
and
statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

All DMCA notices should be sent to our designated agent as follows:
Email: legal@surge.io
It is our policy to terminate relationships regarding content with third parties who repeatedly infringe the copyrights of others.

Severability. If any part of these Terms of Use shall be held or declared to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason by any court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be ineffective but shall not affect any other part of these Terms of Use.

Waiver.
Remedies. The failure by us to partially or fully exercise any rights or the waiver of any breach of these Terms of Use by you, shall not prevent a subsequent exercise of such right by us or be deemed a waiver by us of any subsequent breach by you of the same or any other term of these Terms of Use.
Our rights and remedies under these Terms of Use shall be cumulative, and the exercise of any such right or remedy shall not limit our right to exercise any other right or remedy.

Contact Information. Should you have any questions you may contact us at team@surge.io

Effective Date: These Terms of Use were last updated on 9/6/17. Entertainment Movies Music Famous Relationships Celebrities TV News &amp.
Politics Business World News Crime Odd Human Interest US Politics Animal Sports Basketball Football Baseball Wrestling MMA Soccer Hockey Health &amp.
Lifestyle Fashion Shopping Family Religion BuzzWorthy Health LGBTQ Food &amp.
Dining Travel Science &amp.
Tech Gaming Gadgets Technology Science INFO About Contact Advertise on Inquisitr CONNECT Facebook Twitter LEGAL Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Spam Policy Copyright Policy RSS Terms Of Service Privacy Notice for Personal Data used for Interest-Based Advertising and Third-Party Marketing Subscribe for News GO Connect ALL CONTENT © 2008 - 2021 THE INQUISITR.

      