
        Cookie PolicyThis cookie policy describes how Degoo Backup AB, company registration number 556886-0729 having its registered address at Vasagatan 16, 111 20 Stockholm (“we” or “us”) uses cookies at instabridge.wpengine.com (the “Website”).Tracking &amp.
Cookies DataCookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier.
Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device.
Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
In this policy, we use the term “cookies” for cookies and all such similar technologies.
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use and their purposes:

Functional cookies: We use functional cookies to operate certain functions of the Website in accordance with your choices, meaning that when you continue to use or come back to the Website, the site will be provided as you have previously requested, e.g.
remembering your username and customization of the Website.
Analytics cookies: We use analytics cookies to analyze how the Website is accessed, used or is performing.
We use the information to maintain, operate and improve the Website.
Third party cookies: We may allow our partners to use cookies on the Website for the same purposes identified above.
We may also use service providers acting on our behalf to use cookies for the purposes identified above.
Security Cookies: We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Advertising Cookies: Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.

If you have any questions or comments about our use of cookies, please contact support@degoo.com.
