
         Donor Privacy Policy As a donor submitting personally identifying information (“Personal Donor Information”) to us or any of our staff, you consent to the terms and conditions of the policy and to our processing and use of Personal Donor Information for the purposes stated below.
Personal Donor Information
“Personal Donor Information” is information that identifies you personally as a donor to IFCJ, such as your name, address, telephone number, and email address.
We collect and store the personally identifiable information that you have provided us via one of the email addresses identified on our website or when you otherwise contact us in person, by phone or email, to volunteer.
We collect your name, email address and other contact information if you register for an event.
We also collect your name, email address, telephone number and payment information when you make a contribution, either on our website, at a special event, over the phone or by mailing in a check.
The above list provides a sample of personal donor information that may be collected by IFCJ.
From time to time, we may collect personal information from you in ways not described above.
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information

We only rent or exchange lists we maintain that may include your Personal Donor Information (excluding any payment or other similar secure data), collected on the website or through any other activities, with other third parties we believe engage in activities that are not inconsistent with the mission and core beliefs of IFCJ.
You may opt out of having your Personal Donor Information shared by us and following the process described in our general privacy policy.
We will not send you mailings on behalf of other organizations.
We will collect payment information, billing address and other information necessary to process a donation, volunteer registration, or event registration.
We will use your information to comply with the law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to the requirements of law or comply with legal process served on us.
We will use Personal Donor Information to protect against potential fraud.
We may verify with third parties the information collected in the course of processing a gift, event registration or other donation.
If you use a credit or debit card on the website, we may use card authorization and fraud screening services to verify that your card information and address matches the information that you supplied to us and that the card being used has not been reported lost or stolen.

Except as described in this Donor Privacy Policy or at the time we request the information, we do not otherwise disclose your Personal Donor Information to any third parties.
Changes to the Donor Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Donor Privacy Policy from time to time.
You can learn more by reading our general Privacy Policy.
