
Terms and conditions
These terms and conditions (“Agreement”) set forth the general terms and conditions of your use of the interviewstream.com, rivs.com, hirebar.com, prep.interviewstream.com website (“Website”), “RIVS Apply, RIVS Live, InterviewStream Prep” mobile application (“Mobile Application”) and any of their related products and services (collectively, “Services”).
This Agreement is legally binding between you (“User”, “you” or “your”) and interviewstream, Inc (“interviewstream, Inc”, “we”, “us” or “our”).
By accessing and using the Services, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement.
If you are entering into this Agreement on behalf of a business or other legal entity, you represent that you have the authority to bind such entity to this Agreement, in which case the terms “User”, “you” or “your” shall refer to such entity.
If you do not have such authority, or if you do not agree with the terms of this Agreement, you must not accept this Agreement and may not access and use the Services.
You acknowledge that this Agreement is a contract between you and interviewstream, Inc, even though it is electronic and is not physically signed by you, and it governs your use of the Services.


Use license
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on interviewstream.com’s website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only.
This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license, you may not:

modify or copy the materials.
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial).
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on interviewstream.com’s website.
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials.
or transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.

This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by interviewstream.com at any time.
Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.


Links to other resources
Although the Services may link to other resources (such as websites, mobile applications, etc.), we are not, directly or indirectly, implying any approval, association, sponsorship, endorsement, or affiliation with any linked resource, unless specifically stated herein.
We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the offerings of, any businesses or individuals or the content of their resources.
We do not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, products, services, and content of any other third parties.
You should carefully review the legal statements and other conditions of use of any resource which you access through a link on the Services.
Your linking to any other off-site resources is at your own risk.


Prohibited uses
In addition to other terms as set forth in the Agreement, you are prohibited from using the Services or Content: (a) for any unlawful purpose.
(b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts.
(c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances.
(d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others.
(e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability.
(f) to submit false or misleading information.
(g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Services, third party products and services, or the Internet.
(h) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape.
(i) for any obscene or immoral purpose.
or (j) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Services, third party products and services, or the Internet.
We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Services for violating any of the prohibited uses.


Intellectual property rights
“Intellectual Property Rights” means all present and future rights conferred by statute, common law or equity in or in relation to any copyright and related rights, trademarks, designs, patents, inventions, goodwill and the right to sue for passing off, rights to inventions, rights to use, and all other intellectual property rights, in each case whether registered or unregistered and including all applications and rights to apply for and be granted, rights to claim priority from, such rights and all similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection and any other results of intellectual activity which subsist or will subsist now or in the future in any part of the world.
This Agreement does not transfer to you any intellectual property owned by interviewstream, Inc or third parties, and all rights, titles, and interests in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with interviewstream, Inc.
All trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Services, are trademarks or registered trademarks of interviewstream, Inc or its licensors.
Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Services may be the trademarks of other third parties.
Your use of the Services grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any of interviewstream, Inc or third party trademarks.


Limitation of liability
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will interviewstream, Inc, its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents, suppliers or licensors be liable to any person for any indirect, incidental, special, punitive, cover or consequential damages (including, without limitation, damages for lost profits, revenue, sales, goodwill, use of content, impact on business, business interruption, loss of anticipated savings, loss of business opportunity) however caused, under any theory of liability, including, without limitation, contract, tort, warranty, breach of statutory duty, negligence or otherwise, even if the liable party has been advised as to the possibility of such damages or could have foreseen such damages.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the aggregate liability of interviewstream, Inc and its affiliates, officers, employees, agents, suppliers and licensors relating to the services will be limited to an amount greater of one dollar or any amounts actually paid in cash by you to interviewstream, Inc for the prior one month period prior to the first event or occurrence giving rise to such liability.
The limitations and exclusions also apply if this remedy does not fully compensate you for any losses or fails of its essential purpose.


Severability
All rights and restrictions contained in this Agreement may be exercised and shall be applicable and binding only to the extent that they do not violate any applicable laws and are intended to be limited to the extent necessary so that they will not render this Agreement illegal, invalid or unenforceable.
If any provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, it is the intention of the parties that the remaining provisions or portions thereof shall constitute their agreement with respect to the subject matter hereof, and all such remaining provisions or portions thereof shall remain in full force and effect.


Assignment
You may not assign, resell, sub-license or otherwise transfer or delegate any of your rights or obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, without our prior written consent, which consent shall be at our own sole discretion and without obligation.
any such assignment or transfer shall be null and void.
We are free to assign any of its rights or obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, to any third party as part of the sale of all or substantially all of its assets or stock or as part of a merger.


Changes and amendments
We reserve the right to modify this Agreement or its terms relating to the Services at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of this Agreement on the Services.
When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page.
Continued use of the Services after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.


Acceptance of these terms
You acknowledge that you have read this Agreement and agree to all its terms and conditions.
By accessing and using the Services you agree to be bound by this Agreement.
If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Agreement, you are not authorized to access or use the Services.


Contacting us
If you would like to contact us to understand more about this Agreement or wish to contact us concerning any matter relating to it, you may do so via the support portal.
This document was last updated on April 20, 2021.


