
         Privacy Policy Interparcel was founded on the principle of helping people send parcels, at competitive prices, with great customer service.
We know that you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy very seriously.
By visiting the Interparcel website, you are accepting the practices outlined in this policy.
This Privacy Policy covers Interparcel's treatment of personal information that Interparcel gathers when you are on the Interparcel website and when you use Interparcel services.
Please note that links from our website may take you to external websites which are not covered by this Privacy Policy and that this policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that Interparcel does not own or control, or to individuals that Interparcel does not employ or manage.
We recommend that you check their privacy policies before submitting any personal information to such sites.
We will not be responsible for the content, function or information collection policies of the external websites.
In this Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect and use your personal information.
‘We’ are Interparcel Limited and we are the data controller for the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998 and the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the 'GDPR').
We only use the information that we collect about you lawfully, and this policy explains what our lawful basis is in respect of each purpose for which we keep and use information about you.
Generally, we are allowed to process your personal information where it is necessary in connection with a contract between us (such as to provide you our services or products), where it is necessary in order for us to comply with our legal obligations, where we have a legitimate interest to do so (but we will always consider whether your right to privacy overrides our interest), or where you have given consent.
Personal Information we collect about you and how it is collected
You are not required (by law or by any contract with us) to provide personal information to us via this website.
We will only require you to provide personal information to us where it is necessary for us to provide with a service at your request.
Information you provide to us
We may receive personal information about you whenever you contact us.
For example, by doing the following:

Enquiring about our products or services
Using and browsing our website
Telephoning, texting writing by post or emailing us

This information may include the following:

Your name
Address 
Phone number
Email address
Credit/debit card details
Information about your shipment, including the recipient
Your VAT status (for international shipments)
Additional information relevant to your use of our site and services, such as your marketing preferences, survey responses and feedback

We will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent.
The information we hold will be accurate and up to date.
You can check the information that we hold about you by emailing us.
If you find any inaccuracies we will delete or correct it promptly.
Information we collect about you on our website
We may use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to our site.
This includes using "cookies" which are stored in your browser.
You can usually modify your browser to prevent this happening, however doing so will prevent bookings from being placed with us.
Information collected in this way could be used to identify you unless you modify your browser settings.
When you visit our website, we may collect the following information:

The User Agent (device) details supplied by your internet browser
Your password for this website, but not those used to log in via a third-party provider
If you choose to log in using a third party, we will record your choice of login provider
If you choose to link your account to a third party marketplace to import items for shipment, we will record the details necessary to facilitate that link
A device identifier (cookie or IP address) and general location for fraud prevention
Details of your visits to our website and the resources that you access, including, but not limited to, website pages, links, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data
Where orders originate from advertising sources, we record the source of each order.
This is purely to allow us to assess the effectiveness of these adverts and is not used for customer profiling of any kind.

Information we collect about you from other sources
We do not collect information about you from other sources.
Children
Our website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
Information we receive about you from other sources
Sometimes you will have given your consent for other websites, services or third parties to provide information to us.
This could include information we receive about you if you use any of the other websites that we operate or the other services that we provide, in which case we will have informed you when we collected that data if we intend to share those data internally and combine it with data collected on this site.
We will also have told you for what purpose we will share and combine your data.
It could also include information from third parties that we work with to provide our products and services, such as payment processors, delivery companies, technical support companies and advertising companies.
Whenever we receive information about you from these third parties, we will let you know what information we have received and how and why we intend to use it. What we use yourpersonal information for
Lawful basis Perform our contract with you
Comply with legal obligations
Persue legitimate interests To provide services to you under the terms of use.
×
&nbsp.
&nbsp.
To provide you with information about other services that are similar to those that you have already purchased, enquired about or otherwise engaged with.
&nbsp.
&nbsp.
× To verify your identity
×
×
× To deal with any complaints you may have
×
&nbsp.
× To make repairs, alterations and improvements to the services supplied
×
×
× To detect and prevent fraud, money-laundering and other crimes
&nbsp.
×
&nbsp.
To review and improve the performance of our systems, processes and staff (including training)
&nbsp.
&nbsp.
× To let you know about any important changes to our business or policies
&nbsp.
&nbsp.
× Promotional Communications
If you place an order with us, we may use your email address to send you offers or updates.
You can unsubscribe or change your email preferences at any time.
We have a legitimate interest in processing your personal information for promotional purposes.
However, when you place an order with us you are also confirming your consent to allow us to process for personal data for this purpose.
Sharing your personal information
Sharing your information within our company and group
We share the information that you provide to us with our staff so that we can provide our products and services to you.
We may share the information that you provide to us with other companies within the group and other websites that we operate.
Sharing your information with third parties
We may share your personal information with selected third parties.
For example, we may share your information with:

Internet hosting providers to host the website, related infrastructure, services and applications
Couriers to provide courier services
Contact management systems to send emails, instant messages, social media messages and SMS messages

There are certain exceptional circumstances in which we may disclose your information to third parties.
This would be where we believe that the disclosure is:

Required by the law, or in order to comply with judicial proceedings, court orders or legal or regulatory proceedings
Necessary to protect the safety of our employees, our property or the public
Necessary for the prevention or detection of crime, including exchanging information with other companies or organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Proportionate as part of a merger, business or asset sale, in the event that this happens we will share your information with the prospective seller or buyer involved

How long your personal information will be kept
We will only store your personal information for as long as we need it for the purposes for which it was collected.
Where we provide you with any service, we will retain any information you provide to us at least for as long as we continue to provide that service to you.
How we protect your personal information
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We try to ensure that all information you provide to us is transferred securely via the website.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.
Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site.
any transmission is at your own risk.
Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
How to complain
We hope that we can resolve any query or concern you may raise about our use of your information.
The General Data Protection Regulation also gives you right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the European Union (or European Economic Area) state where you work, normally live or where any alleged infringement of Data Protection laws occurred.
The supervisory authority in the UK is the Information Commissioner who may be contacted at https://ico.org.uk/concerns or telephone 0303 123 1113.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email.
Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
Contact us
If you have any questions/comments about privacy, you should contact us.
