
         Terms of Use The following document outlines the terms of use of the Interparcel website and services.
Before using any of the Interparcel services, you are required to read, understand, and agree to these terms.
OUR SERVICES
1.1 The Interparcel services allow you to send parcel/s with a choice of the major UK Courier Companies that we hold accounts with.
In these terms of use, we refer to these courier companies as the “Carrier”.

1.2 The carriage of items is undertaken by the Carrier and we do not carry the items ourselves.
However, your contract for the carriage of items remains between you and Interparcel, we manage all aspects of the interaction with the Carrier on your behalf (including, for example, the placing of the order itself and any service complaints you may have).
Accordingly, if you have any queries or issues about any order you place, you should contact Interparcel (quoting your reference/tracking number where available) as described in section 13.1 (below)

1.3 When you place an order with us, you can select from a range of different Carriers depending upon the services you require.
We will provide our services to you using reasonable skill and care and have selected only reputable Carriers to carry Consignments.

1.4 Please note that our website allows for the automated placing of orders without any human intervention by Interparcel.
In other words, we do not 'check' your order before it is placed with the Carrier companies.
It is therefore essential that the order is correctly entered and declared in order for the correct Services and pricing to be displayed.
Refer also to Surcharges 6.3.4

1.5 Our order process contains a check box that must be ticked before an order can be completed to state that you have understood these Terms of use.
Before placing your order, you should read these Terms (and all related information which is linked to as part of the order process, including, for example, the relevant FAQ's section and the list of Prohibited / Restricted Items) to ensure that you understand the terms on which we provide our services.


1.6 “Prohibited Items” (Including, but not limited to - hazardous items, pornographic items and tobacco products) must not be sent using our service.


1.7 “Restricted Items” (Including, but not limited to - glass items, laptops and mirrored goods) are items which we strongly recommend that you do not send using our service.


1.8 If, notwithstanding sections 1.6 and 1.7, you do decide to use our service to send Prohibited or Restricted Items, you should be aware that Interparcel does not offer the same level of contractual protection for loss or damage to Prohibited and Restricted Items as for non-Prohibited/Restricted items.
Further details are set out below in sections 4.5, 4.6,10 and 11.
DEFINITIONS
2.1 Listed below are defined terms which will have the following meanings in these terms of use:
2.1.1 AWB / Airwaybill / Airway bill – The documentation placed on the parcel.

2.1.2 Carrier - means the third party courier company which carries the Consignment.
2.1.3 Consignment – Each parcel or group of parcels sent using Interparcel's service to each individual address.

2.1.4 Enhanced Cover – means an additional level of Transit Cover that replaces the included cover which is purchased at the time that an order is placed as further described in paragraph 4 (below).
2.1.5 Export Services - means a service where the Consignment is collected in the UK and delivered to an address outside of the UK.
2.1.6 Discarded - When a Consignment is 'abandoned'/destroyed.
2.1.7 Guaranteed Collection Service - means a service where either the collection of a Consignment is guaranteed by a particular time and/or date.
2.1.8 Guaranteed Delivery Service - means a service where either the delivery of a Consignment is guaranteed by a particular time and/or date once collected.
2.1.9 Guaranteed Service – means a Guaranteed Collection Services and or a Guaranteed Delivery Service.
2.1.10 Import Service - means a service where the Consignment is collected outside of the UK and delivered to an address within the UK.
2.1.11 Packaging - the outermost materials used to wrap or protect your goods
2.1.12 Pre Pay - A prepayment made to the online web account by a valid UK Credit / debit card keeping the account in credit for future orders.
2.1.13 Prohibited Item – means an item which must not be sent using Interparcel's services, for example because the item is dangerous or Hazardous.
2.1.14 Receiver – The person who is receiving the Consignment.

2.1.15 Restricted Item – means an item which it is strongly recommended that you do not send using Interparcel's services, for example because the item is fragile, as is further described here Prohibited / Restricted Items
2.1.16 Transit Cover – means the financial value which your Consignment is protected up to as further described in paragraph 4 below.
2.1.17 Working Day – means in relation to the UK, Monday to Friday from 8.30am to 6pm excluding public and Bank holidays and in relation to a country that is not the UK, or in other countries, the days at times that banks are normally open for business in that country excluding public holidays.

Please note some services deliver outside of working hours – Please see service description for more information.
PLACING AN ORDER AND YOUR RIGHT TO CANCEL
3.1 Interparcel is not obliged to accept orders from you – and a contract for the services will only be formed when we accept your order and confirm this to you.
Interparcel reserve the right to refuse and cancel any order and operate sophisticated Payment &amp.
Fraud security checks.


3.2 Interparcel can only accept orders online from UK residents, who must be the end user and not another third party broker.
A UK registered card or PayPal Account must be used to purchase in order to ensure VAT is applied correctly and any refunds / credits due can be applied.

3.3 Interparcel will arrange delivery of the Consignment/s through a third party service with a reputable Carrier as chosen by you at the time of ordering.
Should that service not be available once purchased you will be immediately contacted with a comparable alternative or right to cancel.

3.4 The collection of a Consignment will normally occur on your chosen date which can be booked up to 7 days ahead.
Any order can be cancelled by you and a full refund will be given up until the time that the Consignment is collected from you.
HOWEVER, AFTER A CONSIGNMENT HAS BEEN COLLECTED FROM YOU, YOUR ORDER CANNOT BE CANCELLED.
This is because we have placed the order on your behalf with the Carrier and will be charged for the collection.
By arranging for the Consignment to be collected, you consent to the provision of services to you and accordingly you will not be able to exercise any legal cancellation right that you may have (also known as a 'cooling off' right) from the point when the Consignment is collected from you.


3.5 The order and any cancellation of order will be confirmed in writing.
If this is not received, or if you require duplicate documentation, please contact our offices as described in section 13 and the transaction will be confirmed.


3.6 An order can only be put on hold and re activated up to a period of seven days after ordering.
After that point a refund should be requested and a new order placed should it be needed.
TRANSIT COVER
4.2 Some services include an inclusive amount of Transit Cover as standard, but not all.
This is highlighted during the booking process and confirmed once the order is placed.
Cover/additional cover can be purchased.

4.3 A claim can only be started &amp.
settled on production of an invoice or receipt proving the value of the goods.

4.4 Interparcel reserve the right to collect a damaged item for delivery to our offices for inspection as part of the claims process.
The carrier may also arrange an inspection.

4.5 Interparcel reserve the right to collect an item for delivery to our office should the claim be paid out in full.

4.6 A claim can only be made up to the covered maximum and the claim can only include the cost of the item plus postage paid through Interparcel.
Please note therefore we do not cover listing fees, packaging or any additional charge made to a third party for postage as part of the claim.

4.7 You can buy additional Transit Cover (known as 'Enhanced Cover') for an additional fee which is payable at the time of ordering.
This is in addition to the inclusive cover.
eg Inclusive cover is £25.
Item is worth £200.
Enhanced cover would be purchased for £175 for the goods to be covered in full.
Further details are available in our FAQ's section

4.8 Enhanced Cover can be purchased for the value of your goods up to the maximum value allowed for each individual service.
This is outlined during the booking process.
Cover is currently charged at 4% of the declared value and is offered in addition to the inclusive cover for the purchased service.
In such circumstances (where maximum Transit Cover has been selected), the maximum value which Interparcel will pay for loss and damage on production of proof of value will be the covered value outlined at the time of booking and confirmed once the order is placed.
A claim will only be entertained up to the covered maximum.

4.9 Enhanced Cover is not valid for Prohibited Items and will only cover Loss on Restricted Items.
This is highlighted prior to the placing of your order and a checkbox must be ticked to state this has been read.
Given that our website accepts orders on an automated basis, you may be able to purchase Enhanced Cover when you place your order for the carriage of Prohibited Items or Restricted Items (depending on the information which is submitted when you place your order).
If this is the case, you are entitled to a refund of the amount that you paid for the Enhanced Cover on a Prohibited item as the cover is not valid.
Should a refund request be made for cover on a Restricted item, then the refund will only be possible prior to the goods being collected.
Once in transit the cover is valid for Loss only as stated in these Terms.

4.10 For further details on the carriage of Restricted Items and Prohibited Items, please see sections 10 and 11 (below).
For further information on the level of claims you can make against Interparcel and Interparcel's limitation on liability, please see section 16.
CHARGES
5.1 All prices quoted on this web site are in pounds sterling.


5.2 Payment can be made by:

5.2.1 At the time of ordering using a valid UK Credit / debit card.

5.2.2 By using a card that has been previously stored securely by our payment processor through our site for repeat transactions.

5.2.3 By Pre paid funds that have been credited to your web account by card (Minimum of £20, maximum £200 per transaction, Maximum £500 per card) , known as 'Pre pay facility'.
A current running balance can be accessed through your account 24 hours a day.
Pre Pay can only be used to pay for an order in full, not as part payment.
Should you wish to withdraw money from your Pre pay account other than through purchasing through our site please contact Customer Services for a refund, refund can take up to 7 days.
Please note minimum withdrawal is £1.00.
Please note a refund will only be made to the card that was originally used to Pre pay the funds.
Funds will automatically expire if not used after one year.

5.2.4 By PayPal.


5.3 Payment is taken by our automated system at the end of your order once the service has been booked with our Carrier.
PLEASE NOTE THAT IN ADDITION TO THE CHARGES WHICH ARE QUOTED AT THE TIME OF YOUR ORDER, SURCHARGES MAY ALSO BE PAYABLE BY YOU IF, FOR EXAMPLE, THE CONSIGNMENT IS NOT AS DESCRIBED WHEN COLLECTION IS ATTEMPTED OR IF THE CONSIGNMENT IS NOT AVAILABLE FOR COLLECTION AT THE SPECIFIED TIME.
FURTHER DETAILS ARE SET OUT IN SECTION 6 BELOW

5.4 Regular users will be given the option to become an Interparcel web member.
Our members will benefit from an online address book, full order management and promotional offers from time to time.

5.5 We no longer offer standard members discount, but ad hoc special offers, these Terms &amp.
Conditions apply.
See 5.7

5.6 Any Promotional code that has been issued must be entered at the time of ordering and will NOT be refunded after the order is completed if it has not been entered.

5.7 To achieve any special offer price we may advertise the order must be placed during the special offer period.
The online price will be correct at the time of ordering and will not be backdated if booked after the offer has expired.
SURCHARGES
6.1 Certain surcharges may be payable by you in addition to the carriage fees which are set out as the cost for the standard delivery of your order.
When a surcharge is payable, it may be charged directly to the payment method used to make the initial order (if you have consented to this).
If we have not obtained your consent to charge surcharges directly to your original payment method, we will contact you directly to arrange payment.


6.2 Any Surcharges represent the additional administrative costs which will be suffered by Interparcel and charges which Interparcel may incur from the Carriers and are not penalties imposed by Interparcel.
This information is made available to you prior to placing your order.

6.3 For illustrative purposes, the following is a non-exhaustive list of when surcharges may be payable.

6.3.1 A minimum surcharge of £10.00 will be applied if you are out when the driver tries to collect or if the Consignment is otherwise unavailable for collection.

6.3.2 On some services there will be a surcharge if a re delivery is necessary because the receiver is unable to take delivery when required.
Please check the service description prior to sending.

6.3.3 Other surcharges may be applicable if the receiver refuses to take delivery of the goods and they need to be sent back to you.

6.3.4 By entering the weight and dimensions of your Consignment/s you are pre paying for the postage.
If the Consignment/s is measured by the courier to be heavier or larger, then the additional weight/size will be charged at the applicable rate to the card that the order was placed on.
A surcharge of £15 + VAT will also be included.
We refer to this charge as the 'Manual Fee'.

6.3.5 Saturday delivery surcharge (where you pay extra for a delivery on a Saturday) is available should the Saturday delivery service be selected and will only be applied if requested.


6.3.6 Some areas will be subject to a remote area surcharge.
This will be calculated in the quoting system prior to the point of booking.
Should a change of delivery request be made once in transit, a Surcharge may be applied depending on the new locality.

6.3.7 You are pre paying for the postage charges.
Any Customs charges for overseas shipments should be payable by the receiver or may be passed on to the Sender should they arise.
Please see the Customs clearance section 12 below which also cover return charges should the customs charges not be paid.


6.3.8 Interparcel cannot carry pallets unless on the Pallet service if available.
Any order that is collected on a pallet that is booked on any of our standard services will be surcharged.


6.3.9 The consignments must be given to the correct carrier / driver.
Should the goods be given to the wrong carrier / driver we will attempt to have the parcel returned.
Should this not be possible a surcharge may be applied if the service is more expensive than purchased.
If you have booked multiple shipments and multiple companies through our site, please confirm with each driver that you are giving the correct shipments to them.

6.3.10 We may supply Documentation to accompany your shipment.
Failure to attach this could result in a Surcharge.
See section 7.6.

6.3.11 Pallet &amp.
Same Day services could be subject to a waiting Surcharge if the driver is kept waiting more than 5 minutes, a failed collection surcharge if there is nothing to collect or if there is noone at the collection or delivery point.
A cancellation fee will also be due if the collection is cancelled within 3 hours of the collection being due.
This is postcode / order specific and you will be advised on request.

6.3.12 A surcharge will be made should a Cheque need to be re issued to an alternative name or company than the order was placed in.
COLLECTIONS
7.1 Collection dates and times are not guaranteed unless you have selected a 'Guaranteed Collection Service' such as Interparcel Premium.
A Guaranteed Collection Service offers a money back guarantee if collection fails on the date due to the carrier's error or failing.
Non-guaranteed collection services do not have this guarantee.
Further details are in section 9 below.
However, please note your right to cancel an order as described in paragraph 3.4 above.


7.2 The automated system books the collection as per the customer's request.
The system will tell you if the time slot is available and if not you can select an alternative.
Please note, we cannot specify a morning collection.
Any time slots selected are only a request and collections may be made any time from 8.30am up until 6pm (This could be up until 9pm on any given working day for The Hermes Economy Service).
The driver will always keep to the requested time slot where possible.

7.3 Our automated ordering system books the collection as requested by the customer.
In the rare event that the Carrier cannot make the collection please contact Interparcel immediately where we will re book for collection the same day if cut off has not passed or the next working day.
Please be aware that we are not aware of any issues with collection until we are contacted and the carrier should not be contacted directly as the booking is made on the Interparcel account with the carrier.

7.4 Interparcel does not come into direct contact with the Consignment/s but arrange for the collection through one of the major Carriers that we hold an account.
Please ensure the correct parcel is given to the correct collecting agent that you have chosen at the time of ordering, see 6.3.9.


7.5 Export services can be collected from a residential address or business.
Please note the Import services are collection from a business address only.


7.6 We may supply documentation to accompany your shipment.
You will be advised of this at the time of ordering.
This must be attached to the shipment, if not your shipment could be delayed and be subject to an additional premium (see section 6 regarding surcharges).
Further instructions will be found in the confirmation email sent after the booking is placed.

7.7 Your Consignment/s must be packed to a reasonable standard, packed within a double walled cardboard box with the contents cushioned and protected inside.
The packaging must also be sufficient to protect the Consignment's weight.
It is not always obvious when a Consignment has not been packaged properly.
The Carriers will assume that Consignments have been correctly packaged and will exercise a level of skill and care appropriate to that.
Any claim resulting from a parcel that is not packaged to a reasonable standard and in line with the above may be declined.
For further details see section 14 below.

7.8 Please note that any item travelling through our services must be able to withstand a short drop, fragile items should not be sent though our services.
Please see our packaging guidelines and Prohibited / Restricted Items in addition and also sections 10 and 11 relating to Prohibited Items and Restricted Items generally.


7.9 Prohibited Items and Restricted Items and Consignments which have not been packaged properly should not be sent using our services.
If they are sent using our services, the affected item could be subject to delay, return, impounded by Customs or held for collection by you or the receiver.
If the goods are held to be collected, you will be notified that collection of said goods must be arranged by a certain date or the goods may incur storage charges and finally discarded.
To clarify, the goods may be discarded if i) Customs remove and destroy the Prohibited item (This only applies to Prohibited items not Restricted) ii) they are damaged to such an extent that it is a Health and Safety risk (such as smashed glass).
in which case you would be notified of this at the outset or ii) if they have been held for collection for a fixed time limit and the time limit advised has been exceeded.


7.10 Parcels should not be strapped or attached together.
This is not a secure way for parcels to travel in the Carrier network.
Any item which is not securely packaged or strapped to another package will be treated as a Prohibited Item (see section 11 for further information)

7.11 The Carrier / Interparcel have the right to refuse a Consignment for a reasonable reason such as no packaging, insufficient packaging or the Consignment does not comply with the information given by you at the time of placing the order - for example is not labelled correctly, contains a Prohibited item or is larger than stated.


7.12 Collections are made on Working days only.
Saturday deliveries are available to book online but are not guaranteed.
Refund of the Saturday surcharge will be applied if delivery is not made on the relevant Saturday.

7.13 Please ensure the collection point is available at the collection time that you request.
A surcharge of £10.00 may be applied if you are out or the Consignment is otherwise unavailable when the Carrier tries to collect.
For further information, please see section 6.

7.14 A receipt should be obtained on collection of your Consignment.
Proof of collection will be required for any issues that you may have with the Consignment or processing of your order.
Should the driver not have a receipt you should print your Interparcel receipt, take the drivers name and this can be signed by the driver.

7.15 Please note the certain services require a bar-coded label / AWB to be printed out and attached to the parcel.
During the quote &amp.
Book section it will be highlighted next to the service description that the service requires a Printer.
The bar-coded label / AWB will be displayed at the end of your order and we will email you a copy of the relevant label to be attached.
Please do this before the courier arrives.
If you do not receive the label, please contact Customer Services as described in 13.

For all other Services the driver will provide a Waybill document that the Collection point will have to complete with the to and from address details.


7.16 It is the customer's responsibility to ensure that all the details are correctly completed and displayed on the correct Consignment as delivery will be made to the details listed on the Consignment.
It is not the driver's responsibility to check this information, so please ensure this is checked before he leaves.


7.17 Any consignment that is travelling outside of the UK should be left open for the driver to inspect the contents.
This can then be sealed by the collection point once the driver is satisfied.
DELIVERY AND TRACKING
8.1 Delivery dates and times are not guaranteed unless you have selected a Guaranteed Delivery Service.
A Guaranteed Delivery Service offers a money back guarantee if delivery is not attempted on the date specified (or by the time specified on guaranteed timed services) so long as the reason for delay has not been a customs query, because the delivery is to a remote area as described in section 9, incorrect information having been supplied or a delivery failure because the receiver cannot take delivery.
Non-guaranteed delivery services do not have this guarantee.


8.2 Transit times quoted are calculated from once collection is made and the consignment is in Transit.
For example, if a 'next day' guaranteed service is ordered, the 'next day' will be calculated from the date that the Consignment is collected.


8.3 Deliveries are made on Working days only usually between 8.30am-6pm (Timed services such as Pre 9,10 could be prior to 8.30am and delivery could be up until 9pm on any given working day for The Hermes Economy Service).
Saturday and Sunday deliveries are available to book online but are not guaranteed.
Refund of the weekend surcharge will be applied if delivery is not made on the relevant day.

8.4 Please be advised that Interparcel do not track parcels and as such it is the responsibility of the customer to track their own parcels, and to advise us if there are any problems.
Tracking is available through our Web site or by contacting our Customer Service department.
Tracking is available up to a period of 12 weeks from sending.
After that stage the tracking number may be re allocated to a new shipment.

8.5 You can track all orders online and may contact our offices prior to the return to rectify any issue.
Once returned any return charges that are due must be paid by the person that placed the order, the order will not be refunded and the item will not be re shipped free of charge.
The return completes the agreed contract.
Tracking is therefore essential to potentially aid delivery and prevent any return and associated costs.

8.6 If the driver has used a different tracking number than expected or if the collection point chooses to use a new shipping label from the driver, rather than supplied by Interparcel then you will only be able to track using the number left at the time of collection on the Carriers own website or by contacting our Customer Service team.


8.7 Interparcel Ltd can only deliver to a full street address.
We cannot deliver to a PO Box or BFPO address.
We also cannot deliver to an Argos Store for onward collection.
If a Consignment has to be returned for these reasons, no refund will be given.

8.8 Deliveries will be made to the address on the item, main front door, reception or goods in.
The drivers will not deliver to individual department or Block numbers.
Deliveries may be made to a neighbouring address if the delivery point is out, but only if the goods can be signed for.

8.9 A telephone number for the receiver is required for each Consignment (for example so that the receiver can be called in the event of an address query).
Please note for any overseas address a local number is needed, the Carrier will not call a UK number.
Interparcel will not re ship or refund any returned item if a telephone number has not been provided and the Carrier has been unable to arrange delivery because a phone number has not been provided.

8.10 Collections &amp.
Deliveries can be made any time up until 9pm on the Yodel services and Hermes Economy, 5.30pm on all other services.


8.11 1-3 delivery attempts will be made for each Consignment, depending on the service if unsuccessful the Consignment will be returned to the sender.
A change of address can only be requested.
The contract is to deliver to the address on the item, so no change of address can be guaranteed.

8.12 A customs invoice must be completed for ALL countries outside the European Union.
You will be guided online to complete this if applicable and a template will be e-mailed to you once the order is placed.
An accurate description and reason for Export must be entered on this invoice.
If customs find different items than declared or an incorrect reason for export stated (such as Gift when actually purchased) then a surcharge could be applied, items confiscated or the shipment returned (which could be chargeable).
Four copies of the customs Invoice must be given to the driver on collection.

8.13 Interparcel services are generally offered “door to door”.
This means that we will arrange for pick up from one address and a drop off at another and gain a signature on delivery.
If the Consignee is out goods may be left with a neighbour if they are available to sign.
After the first delivery attempt the consignment may be left at a local access point to be collected.
Further please note that a small proportion of residential addresses are classified as a 'Driver release area' this is where the area is deemed 'safe' and the driver is able leave the goods out of sight and out of weather - please check the delivery postcode with our Customer Services before sending to see if it is included.
In exceptional circumstances, for example, but not limited to, the Coronavirus crisis in 2020, the couriers may take the decision to leave the goods without signature or sign for the goods themselves.


In addition we cannot offer door to door service where the delivery is going to be made in certain foreign countries.
It is advised to check the zip code/postcode before sending for International addresses in case of exclusions.
Please note many areas in Turkey, Uganda and Ukraine are not door to door.
The only areas that are delivered to the door in Ukraine are Kiev, Dnipropetrovsk, Zaporizhya, Odessa, Kharkiv, Donetsk, Mariupol, Lviv.
In some areas delivery to a Broker will class as delivered.

8.14 Please note shipments to the Reunion Isle, are classed as France, but only Express (Air) services will be available to this destination.
If any other service (Road) is booked and the parcel returned, no refund will be given.


8.15 Please note the Proof of delivery is only kept for up to three months after delivery.
Hard copy Proof of Delivery will be charged at £5.00 per consignment.

8.16 Please note that we cannot guarantee to stop any consignment once in transit, although will try and do so if requested.
REMOTE AREAS
9.1 Consignments collected and or delivered in certain areas in Scotland, Wales, Cornwall, Northern Ireland and Offshore Islands may be subject to a 24-48 hour delay with all Carriers.
These areas can also take an additional hour on the Timed Services such as by 9.30am, By 12, 10am.


9.2 Shipments to and from remote areas nationally and internationally on all services may be subject to delay and possible service downgrade.
Please check the address with us prior to sending for advised transit times.


9.3 Guaranteed Services are guaranteed to most areas.
It is the Customers responsibility to check the area they are sending to is covered by this guarantee.
RESTRICTED ITEMS
10.1 We strongly recommend that you do not send Restricted Items using our service.
This is because such items are fragile, dangerous or otherwise inappropriate to be carried by our services and Network.
Should you proceed to send such goods you do so at your own risk understanding that the item will be covered for Loss only and excluded from any damage cover.


10.2 The order process contains a check box that must be ticked to state the Prohibited / Restricted items list has been read and understood before an order can be completed.
You should check the Prohibited / Restricted items list to ensure that we are able to carry your Consignment before placing your order.
If you place an order which relates to a Restricted Item, you will have to have ticked the box to confirm that you understand what the list of Prohibited / Restricted items contains and that you understand that Interparcel seeks to limit its liability regarding such items.


10.3 Given that our website accepts orders on an automated basis, we may not be aware that you have requested the carriage of a Restricted Item – even if you list an item which is restricted when you place your order.
In any case, the Carrier will assume that the Consignment does not contain a Restricted Item and will exercise the level of skill and care when carrying such Consignment as is appropriate to a Consignment which does not contain a Restricted Item.
10.4 If a Consignment which contains a Restricted Item is lost, then you will be able to make a claim up to the level of the applicable inclusive Transit Cover (as described in section 4.2 (above) in relation to that lost Consignment.
However, if a Consignment which contains a Restricted Item is damaged, you will be unable to make a claim as described in Section 14 as it has been sent at your own risk (and Interparcel hereby limits its liability accordingly).

10.5 In the event of damage a restricted item may be held for collection by the Customer.
This may be the case if the goods are prohibited and cannot be sent through the system or damaged to such an extent that onward forwarding is not possible.
If this is the case you will be notified in writing that goods must be collected within 7 days following this point they will be discarded.
If the goods are so badly damaged that the contents are destroyed or that the goods pose a Health &amp.
Safety risk then they may be immediately discarded.

10.6 Restricted items could be subject to non-collection, delay, return or confiscation by Customs.
In such circumstances, if a restricted item is collected by the Carrier and then later returned, no refund of carriage will be given and return charges may be applicable.


10.7 In addition you should note that if you send a restricted item, this may cause damage to other Consignments being carried and you may ultimately be liable for loss to those other Consignments if the senders of those Consignments seek to pursue you.
PROHIBITED ITEMS
11.1 PROHIBITED ITEMS MUST NOT BE SENT USING OUR SERVICES.
Sending a Prohibited Item using our services is contrary to these terms of use.
No Transit Cover is provided for Prohibited Items.
If a Consignment which contains a Prohibited Item is lost or damaged, you will not be able to make a claim for any Transit Cover or other claim from Interparcel relating to any loss or damage to such items (and Interparcel hereby limits its liability accordingly).


11.2 Given that our website accepts orders on an automated basis, we may not be aware that a Consignment contains a Prohibited Item – even if you list an item which is prohibited when you place your order.
If we discover that you have sought to send a Prohibited Item we will refuse to carry it.
If this is the case, and if the Carrier has collected the Consignment, you will be notified in writing that goods must be collected within 7 days following this point they will be discarded.
If the goods pose a Health &amp.
Safety risk then they may be immediately discarded.
No Transit Cover at all is offered for Prohibited Items and you cannot claim for any loss or delay in relation to Prohibited Items.

11.3 In addition to our prohibition of the carriage of Prohibited Items, hazardous / dangerous goods are strictly prohibited from our services.
Failure to declare hazardous / dangerous goods could lead to you being prosecuted where unlimited fines and imprisonment are possible.
Please note that the list of Prohibited/Restricted items which relate to our services is not an exhaustive list of what could be considered to be hazardous or dangerous

11.4 Item/s sent within a hazardous box will be classed as such, strictly prohibited.
Please do not reuse old hazardous boxes.


11.5 In addition you should note that if you send a Prohibited Item, this may cause damage to other Consignments being carried and you may ultimately be liable for loss to those other Consignments if the senders of those Consignments seek to pursue you CUSTOMS CLEARANCE
12.1 From the 01.01.21 new regulations have come into force for shipping into Europe and will be mandatory on our site.

All shipments entering Europe must now include a customs invoice.
Therefore every shipment leaving the UK must now have an accompanying invoice.

For every shipment going into Europe the invoice must include an HS code to classify the goods you are sending.
We also advice to include one if you are sending anywhere outside of the UK to speed up the customs process.
It is the responsibility of the shipper to enter the correct HS code, otherwise the shipment could be delayed or returned with costs to be paid by the shipper.

If you are a VAT registered business sending into Europe then the customs invoice must also include your EORI number obtained from HMRC.
Again we advise entering this for all shipments leaving the UK to speed up the customs process.

12.2 By placing an order, you are prepaying for the outward postage charges of your Consignment/s only.
Interparcel has no control over any customs queries, delays or charges that may arise.
Customs charges may include VAT, penalties, storage charges or any other expense that has resulted from customs or governmental authorities.
Customs charges must be paid by the receiver (or Sender if customs agree this to be possible) before delivery is made.
Customs will deal directly with the receiver and in some cases, only the receiver.
If you do not wish to pay the charges and the Consignment is returned, all return charges will also be passed on.
Should a deadline be given before the goods are to be discarded and the deadline passes, no claim can be made for the loss and in addition abandonment charges may apply.
Please note, it is the Customers responsibility to track all orders and request Interparcel to intervene.
If the tracking states the goods are held under Customs query and they are returned, or abandoned and we have not been contacted then no refund or claim is due.

12.3 Consignments that exceed the value of £4,699 may be delayed as they will require further documentation for clearance.
In any case, you should be aware that the maximum Enhanced Cover offered by Interparcel is £1000 (as described in section 4 above) and therefore you are advised not to send high value goods using the Interparcel services.
CUSTOMER SERVICE
If you need to contact us for any reason, you can do so using the following methods.


Claims email: claims@interparcel.com

Customer Services email: customerservices@interparcel.com

By Post:
Interparcel Ltd
Magellan Terrace
Gatwick Road
Crawley
West Sussex
RH10 9RD

Telephone: 0333 3000 700

This is a standard rate number - the same as calling a local or national landline.
Your usual rates will apply.


Complaints

We aim to provide outstanding Customer service.
Our escalation process is as follows - Advisor - Team Leader - Customer Relations Department - Customer Service Associate Director - Customer Service Director.
If you have any complaint about the service you have received then please contact us by phone or by email at escalate@interparcel.com OR escalated@interparcel.com where your enquiry will be escalated to the next level.
Should you still be unhappy with how your enquiry has been resolved then a formal response can be made in writing to our Customer Service Director at the postal address listed in 13.1.2.
Please allow 14 working days for a response to any written (postal) correspondence.


Should you be unhappy with any Claims decision, please contact our Claims Manager – see 13.1.1 failing that our Customer Service Director at the postal address listed in 13.1.2.
Please allow 28 working days for a response to any written (postal) correspondence.
CLAIMS FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE
PLEASE NOTIFY US AS SOON AS POSSIBLE OF ANY CLAIM RELATING TO LOSS OR DAMAGE OF A CONSIGNMENT AND WITHIN 28 DAYS OF THE DAMAGE OR LOSS.
This is because the carriers only maintain their records for a limited amount of time (normally up to a maximum of 12 weeks) we will then contact the relevant Carrier on your behalf to enable them to conduct an investigation.
After the 28 day period the carrier can be approached to investigate but we can only proceed if the carrier's systems allow.

14.1 All enquiries relating to loss or damage to Consignments should be directed through Interparcel.
Please do not contact the Carrier directly about your order.
If the Carrier is contacted directly, this may cause delays in the resolution of any issues you may have.

14.2 Please be aware that you should sign for goods as "damaged" if this is the case (and if you are not the Recipient of the goods, you should ask the Recipient to do the same).
If goods are signed for as being in good condition, it will be difficult for you to show that the goods were damaged in transit.
If you are unable to check when the driver is there, please arrange for goods to be signed for as "unchecked".

14.3 To process a claim, you will need to have proof that the Carrier has taken the Consignment from you.
The best form of such proof is the receipt which the Carrier should provide you with when the Consignment is collected or obtaining a signature on a copy of the shipping label you have.
In addition, in the event of a claim a copy invoice will be needed to prove the value of the Consignment.


14.4 The damaged item together with all packaging should be kept until the claim is concluded as more photographs or inspection of the item may be necessary.

14.5 If a claim is made that a Consignment has been damaged, all packaging should be kept for inspection by the Carrier.
The item must also be available for inspection in the state it was delivered, at the address it was delivered to.
Further journeys could cause further damage, making it difficult to assess the original damage.
We may also ask for photographs of the internal and external packaging as well as the damaged item to process the claim.


14.6 If it is shown that an item has been damaged in transit, we will (at our discretion) generally pay for damage to be repaired rather than a replacement – depending on the level of damage to the item and subject to the general provisions in Section 14 below.
Accordingly, if you make a claim relating to a damaged item we may also ask for an estimate of repair costs for that item supplied by an specialist who will carry out the repair.
If the item cannot be repaired then we would need this in writing from the specialist for a claim relating to the replacement of the item to be considered.


14.7 In the event that a claim is approved and repair/replacement costs are paid, we will also pay the costs of the reasonable evaluation report and the postage costs associated with that repair/replacement (subject to the postage being limited to the type of Carrier service where the item was damaged) - to the maximum amount specified in section 14.3.
The Interparcel claims team will arrange for your item to be carried for repair through the Interparcel Services when requested.

14.8 A claim relating to a lost item can only be processed once the Carrier has concluded its searches for the item.


14.9 Any amounts payable in relation to a lost or damaged item will only be paid to the party placing the order as further described in 16.4.
Please ensure the exact name or company name is entered at the time of booking as a Surcharge will be charged to re issue a settlement cheque.
See section 6 for further details regarding surcharges.

14.10 Interparcel will deal with the person who placed the order only.

14.11 If you wish to contest any claim decision, please write in to the Customer Service Director within this period (as described in the following section) after having discussed the decision with the Claim Manager - see section 13.1.


14.12 Exclusions - Please refer to 16.6 CLAIMS FOR LATE DELIVERY
15.1 Any parcel that is sent to or collected from a Guaranteed area on a Guaranteed collection or delivery service will be refunded in full if the guarantee fails as long as we are informed within 14 days.
Certain exclusions apply, see below.

15.2 Exclusions:
The money back guarantee for late deliveries is invalidated under any of the following circumstances:

If the Collection or delivery postcode is not in a guaranteed area (please check before sending)

Industrial / Strike action

Acts of God, such as extreme weather, mechanical issue or any naturally occurring event outside of human control.


Consequences of war

Delay due to customs or carrier clearance.

Insufficient Packaging 

If the consignment contains a prohibited or restricted item.


If 14 days after delivery has passed LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
16.1 Interparcel's liability to you is subject to the exclusions listed in this section.
This means that, with certain exceptions, the maximum amount of a claim that you can make against Interparcel will be limited in value.


16.2 Nothing in this section seeks to limit Interparcel's liability to you for claims relating to death or personal injury caused by Interparcel's negligence or for any other liability which cannot be excluded by law.

16.3 INTERPARCEL'S MAXIMUM LIABILITY TO YOU IS GENERALLY LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT OF TRANSIT COVER SELECTED WHEN AN ORDER WAS PLACED (INCLUDING ANY ENHANCED COVER) PLUS THE POSTAGE FEES PAID WITH THE ORDER.
For example, if a standard order with £25 of inclusive cover has been placed and no Enhanced Cover has been selected, then that order will have £25 of Transit Cover included.
If the cost of the postage was £15, then Interparcel's maximum liability to you in relation to that Consignment will be limited to a total of £40 (being the £25 of Transit Cover plus the £15 cost of postage).
In the same example, if Enhanced Cover was selected up to a value of £200, then Interparcel's maximum liability would be £240 (being the value of the Inclusive cover plus Enhanced Cover plus the cost of postage).
However, Interparcel's general limits on liability are subject to the remaining restrictions described in this section 14.

16.4 Interparcel's liability under these terms of use is limited to the contracting party who placed the order.
Should the Sender have placed the order then we do not have a contract with the receiver (and vice versa) and cannot be contractually liable for any losses suffered by other parties than the person that placed the order.

16.5 In any case, to the greatest extent that is permitted by law, Interparcel hereby limits its liability to the direct losses suffered by you (save as expressly stated otherwise in these terms of use).
Accordingly, we will not be liable for any claim for loss of profit, loss of use of an item, loss of revenue, administrative inconvenience, disappointment, or indirect or consequential loss or damage arising out of, or in relation to, the service you ordered.

16.6 Interparcel accepts no liability for loss or damage to Prohibited Items as these should not be sent using our services.
For further information on limitations relating to Prohibited Items, see section 11.

16.7 Interparcel will only accept liability for damage to Restricted Items where the goods have not been carried using reasonable skill and care.
You are reminded that we recommend that you do not send these items using our services and that the Carriers will assume that Consignments do not include Restricted Items.
For further information on limitations relating to Restricted Items, see section 10.

16.8 Interparcel accepts no liability for loss/damage to an item if it has not been correctly packaged and/or labelled unless it can be shown that we have not acted with reasonable skill and care.
SEVERABILITY
If any part of these terms of use is found to be unenforceable as a matter of law, the enforceability of any other part of these terms will not be affected.
GOVERNING LAW
These terms of use and any contract between us shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with English Law and the English Courts shall have jurisdiction over any disputes between us.
STATUTORY RIGHTS
These terms of use do not remove any statutory rights which you have as a consumer, which cannot be excluded.
RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES
A party who is not a party to this agreement (such as a receiver) cannot enforce the terms to this agreement, whether under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 or otherwise.

      