
         ×

 ×

 Advanced Search Author Source Name Reporting Quality Author Source Name ABC News
All India Radio
Ambition India 2021
BBC
BBC - Future
BBC - Travel
BBC -Future
BBC Capital
BBC Food
BBC Good Food
BBC News
BBC Reel
BBC Sport
BBC- Capital
Best Colleges
Bloomberg.com
BusinessWeek
CNN
CNN Travel
CNNMoney
Council on Foreign Relations
Cricbuzz
Cricket World
DD News
DW.com
Deseret News
Digiday
ETEnergyworld.com
Economist
Economist Espresso
FRANCE 24
Facebook Watch
Fortune
France 24
Group of 26 Scientists from Australia, France, Britain and the US
Haaretz.com
Harvard Gazette
Hindustan Times
India Today
International New York Times
JapanGov - The Government of Japan
MIT News
MInt
MarketWatch
Ministry of External Affairs, Government of India
NBC News
NDTV-Dettol Banega Swachh India
NDTV.com
NHK WORLD
NITI Aayog, PM's Office
NPR.org
NYTimes.com
National Grid
National Institutes of Health (NIH)
Ne York Times
New York TImes
New York Times
New Yrok Times
New york Times
Newe York Times
News
Nikkei Asian Review
POLITICO
POLITICO Magazine
Peter Baker
Politico
Politico PRO
Reuters
Spiegel Online
South China Morning Post
Sportstar
Sydney Ember
The Agenda
The Agenda, Politico magazine
The Atlantic
The Economic Times
The Economist
The Financial Times
The Guardian
The Hindu
The Hindu BL
The Hindu Center
The Indian Express
The Japan Times
The Lancet Infectious Diseases
The New York Times
The New Yorker
The Observers - France 24
The TImes
The Telegraph
The Times
The Times &amp.
The Sunday Times
The Times of India
The Verge
The Wall Street Journal
Times of India
Times of India Blog
Times of India Travel
WSJ
Wall Street Journal
Washington Post
YouTube
Zeit Online
ZEIT ONLINE Arbeit
cricket.com.au
http://www.hindustantimes.com/
https://www.hindustantimes.com/
https://www.thelily.com
mint
pv magazine USA 
 Reporting Quality >1
>2
>3
>4
>5
>6
>7
>8
>9 
 Lyrarc
Privacy Policy
Last Modified: November 20, 2017
1.
Introduction.

Intelilinks, L.L.C., d/b/a Lyrarc, a Michigan limited liability company ("Company" or "We") respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.


This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website https://www.lyrarc.com (our "Website") and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.


This policy applies to information we collect:


On this Website.
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Website.




It does not apply to information collected by:



us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Company or any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries).
or


any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website.





Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it.
If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website.
By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy.
This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy).
Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.

2.
Children Under the Age of 13.

Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age.
No one under age 13 may provide any information to the Website.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.
If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features/register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use.
If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information.
If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us via our Contact Us page.

3.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It.

We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:


by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, and any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline ("personal information");
that is about you but does not identify you, such as user activity, preferences, or other non-identifiable information.
and/or
about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website and usage details.




We collect this information:


Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the site.
Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies.



4.
Information You Provide to Us.

The information we collect on or through our Website may include:



Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website.
This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Website, posting material, or requesting further services.
We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Website.


Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.


Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.


Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders.
You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website.


Your search queries on the Website.





You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, "posted") on public areas of the Website, or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively, "User Contributions").
Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk.
Although we limit access to certain pages, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions.
Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.

5.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies.

As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:



Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.


Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.





The information we collect automatically may include personal information, or we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties.
It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:



Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.


Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.


Speed up your searches.


Recognize you when you return to our Website.





The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:



Cookies (or browser cookies).
A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer.
You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser.
However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website.
Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.


Flash Cookies.
Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website.
Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies.
For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.


Web Beacons.
Pages of our the Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).




6.
Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.

Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers.
These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website.
The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services.
They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.


We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used.
If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
For information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.

7.
How We Use Your Information.

We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:


To present our Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To provide you with notices about your account, including expiration and renewal notices.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.




We may also use your information to contact you about our own and third-parties' goods and services that may be of interest to you.
For more information, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.


We may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers' target audiences.
Even though we do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.

8.
Disclosure of Your Information.

We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.


We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:


To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of the Company's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by the Company about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To third parties to market their products or services to you if you have consented to these disclosures.
We contractually require these third parties to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
For more information, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For example, if you give us an email address to use the "email a friend" feature of our Website, we will transmit the contents of that email and your email address to the recipients.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.




We may also disclose your personal information:


To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements between you and the Company, including for billing and collection purposes.

If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company, our customers, or others.
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.




9.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.

We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us.


Tracking Technologies and Advertising.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent.
If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.




We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising.
However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way.
You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") on the NAI's website.

10.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information.

You can review and change your personal information by logging into the Website and visiting your account profile page.


You may also contact us via our Contact Us page to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us.
We cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account.
We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.


If you delete your User Contributions from the Website, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other Website users.
Proper access and use of information provided on the Website, including User Contributions, is governed by our Terms of Use.

11.
Your California Privacy Rights.

California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
To make such a request, please contact us via our Contact Us page.

12.
Data Security.

We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls.
Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology.


The safety and security of your information also depends on you.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Website like message boards.
The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Website.


Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.
Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website.
Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk.
We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.

13.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy.

It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page with a notice that the privacy policy has been updated on the Website home page.
If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information we will notify you through a notice on the Website home page.
The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page.
You are responsible for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.

14.
Contact Information.

To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us via our Contact Us page.

 Support LyrArc 
We took a different way to help millions around the world build educated informed mindsets that affects and shapes their lives.
For a future that is open, global and digital, with everyone having access to high quality information.
We believe in the renewal of America, renewal of Europe, the renewal of India, the rest of Asia, Latin America and Africa.
The renewal of our supply chains, health, education, infrastructure, as we rebuild our countries after the pandemic.
Literacy and knowledge we believe cannot thrive and grow in a world of web bots, web crawlers, or AI.
This requires human curiosity, human learning, and human imagination.
We take as inspiration the saying- “One has to be free, and as broad as sky.
One has to have a mind that is crystal clear, only then can truth shine in it.” Every contribution whether big or small is precious- in this crisis and ahead.

 Support Lyrarc from as small as $1 


 Support LyrArc
→ 

