
        Terms &amp.
ConditionsYour access to and continued use of Invoices Online at invoicesonline.co.za (the "Site") constitutes your acceptance of and compliance with the following provisions.
If you have not already done so, please take some time to familiarise yourself with these provisions.
If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, you should immediately discontinue use of this Site.
Also note that these terms and conditions may change from time to time and it is your responsibility to check for such updates.
The last revision date for these terms and conditions is set forth below.
Last revised: 8 July 2020About the ProductWe provide a basic online invoicing product that should satisfy all needs of the average small business (the "Product").
A free account is provided so that you can familiarise and fully test the Product before you decide to switch to a paid account.
While we try our best to ensure integrity, validity, and security of your data, we can not be held liable should any breaches and/or losses occur.
The Product is provided as is, and if you decide to use it, you agree that you completely indemnify us of any loss that you might occur as a result of using the Product.
The Product is owned by nellen Technologies, and payment for usage of the Product will be deducted by nellen Technologies.Rights and Grant of Limited License as a user of the SiteYou are granted a limited license to access and to use (display or print) short extracts of the Information for your own personal non-commercial use only, provided the Information is not modified and you shall be fully responsible for any consequences resulting from such use.
Any other use of the Information is prohibited.
None of the Information may be otherwise reproduced, republished, re-disseminated, downloaded (other than page caching), modified in any manner or form without the express prior written consent of nellen Technologies.
You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilising nellen Technologies's name, logos or trademarks without the express written consent of nellen Technologies.
Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by nellen Technologies in terms hereof.
nellen Technologies will take appropriate legal action to enforce its rights.Your DataYou remain the owner of your data and we will never prevent you from accessing your data except when required by law.
When you delete a business, you have the option of permanently removing all data associated with that business.
We do not keep or sell your data or use it in any other way.No EndorsementThe Site may contain links to other sites.
These links are provided as references to help you identify and locate other Internet resources that may be of interest.
These other sites were either independently developed by parties other than nellen Technologies or developed by nellen Technologies, but in either case nellen Technologies does not assume responsibility for the accuracy or appropriateness of the information contained at such sites.
In providing links to other sites, nellen Technologies is in no way acting as a publisher or disseminator of the material contained on those other sites and does not seek to control the content of, or maintain any type of editorial control over, such sites.
A link to another site should not be construed to mean that nellen Technologies is affiliated or associated with, or is legally authorised to use any trademark, trade name, logo or copyrighted symbol that may be reflected in the link or the description of the link to such other sites.
The mention of another party or its product or service on the Site should not be construed as an endorsement by nellen Technologies of that party or its product or service.No Liabilitynellen Technologies is not responsible for any direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damage or any other damages whatsoever and howsoever caused, arising out of or in connection with the use of the Site or in reliance on the information available on the Site, including but not limited to, any loss of use, lost data, lost business profits, business interruption, personal injury, or any other pecuniary loss, whether the action is in contract, delict (including negligence) or other delictual action.nellen Technologies disclaims any liability for unauthorised use or reproduction of any portion of the Site.
nellen Technologies will also not be held responsible, nor be obliged to assist in any way, in conection with assessments raised by 3rd parties e.g.
South African Revenue Services, Compensation Fund etc.Confidentiality WarningWithout the use of encryption, the Internet is not a secure medium and privacy cannot be ensured.
Internet e-mail is vulnerable to interception and forging.
nellen Technologies will not be responsible for any damages you or any third party may suffer as a result of the transmission of confidential information that you make to nellen Technologies through the Internet, or that you expressly or implicitly authorise nellen Technologies to make, or for any errors or changes made to any transmitted information.Computer VirusesWhile every effort is made to ensure that all information provided at the site does not contain computer viruses, you should take reasonable and appropriate precautions to scan for computer viruses and should ensure that you have a complete and current backup of the applicable items of information contained on your computer system.
You should pay specific attention to some of the newer viruses that have been written to automatically execute when an infected word processing document is loaded into certain word processing programs.Conformance with LawYou agree that your use of the Site shall not violate any applicable local, national or international law, including but not limited to any regulations having the force of law.
You agree not to impersonate another person in your use of the Site or the sending of any e-mail to an address listed on the Site.Choice of LawThe law of the Republic of South Africa shall govern as to the interpretation, validity and effect of this agreement notwithstanding any conflict of laws provisions or your domicile, residence or physical location.
You hereby consent and submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Republic of South Africa in any action or proceeding instituted under or related to this agreement.Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of LiabilityThis Site is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis.
You should not assume that the Site will be error-free or that the Site will operate without interruption.
nellen Technologies makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this Site or the information, content, materials or products included on this Site.
You expressly agree that the use of this Site is at your sole risk.
To the full extent permitted by applicable law, nellen Technologies disclaims all warranties, express or implied.
nellen Technologies does not warrant that this Site, its servers, or e-mails sent from it are free of viruses or other harmful code.
nellen Technologies will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this Site, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive and / or consequential.System SecurityWhilst nellen Technologies's System is a secure system, nellen Technologies is not liable for any damages whatsoever and howsoever arising as a result of any stolen or lost user data, or the unauthorised use of such user data.Debit OrdersNetcash provides all debit order functionality on the site, usage of debit orders are also subject to their terms found here: Netcash Debit Orders.DisputesAny disputes arising as a result of your visit to the Site, shall be determined in accordance with the rules of the Arbitration Foundation of South Africa (or any successor in title) by an Arbitrator or Arbitrators nominated by it , expect insofar to the extent that you have in any way violated or threatened to violate nellen Technologies's intellectual property rights, in which event nellen Technologies may seek the appropriate legal remedy through the appropriate court having jurisdiction in the Republic of South Africa, and you consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of suchServicesNo advice or information given by fax, email, telephone or any other means obtained from us, shall create any warranty on our part.ContactAlthough we strive to make all transactions as easy as possible without having to contact you, in certain circumstances we will have to request additional information and documents from you.
We will contact you by email or phone.
Our preferred method of communication is per e-mail.Delivery of servicesWhen you click to make a purchase with us legal obligations arise and your right to refund of monies charged to your credit card or paid in any other way agreed by us, are limited to our terms and conditions.PaymentAll online payments take place via debit order by Sagepay, via card or instant EFT through Payfast.
All transactions will be processed in South African Rands (ZAR).
nellen Technologies.co.za reserves the right to change pricing at any time without prior notice.
Debit bounces would be charged for.
Please ensure sufficient funds are available in your account.RefundsWe do not give refunds, please make sure you are satisfied with the product before purchasing.ResponseAt nellen Technologies we are relying heavily on customer needs, queries, comments and complaints to ensure we give the best service possible.
Each query will be handled in a strictly professional and confidential matter.
Our mission is to reply within 48 working hours from the time of receiving a query as far as humanly possible.
By registering on this site and/or using any services offered on this site you are deemed to have accepted and agree to the above terms and conditions and disclaimer.
Note: If at any time you should have any concern regarding security, privacy or complaint in connection with making a purchase of our online services, please contact us at info@invoicesonline.co.za
