
        Cookies help us optimize your visit.
They are also used for stats, social media, and marketing.
By continuing, you accept this.
Learn moreGot it! 

 Support:
 +1 800 591 5241






 +1 800 591 5241


 +52 55 4165 2627


 +44 20 3966 0521 


 +34 919 490 509


 +61 251 335 555


 +55 61 4042 7858


 +49 80 0800 1022




 Live Chat 


 Contact Us Toggle navigation 
Why IPVanish
 Solutions 
 VPN
 VPN + Storage
Product Comparison


Apps
Help
My Account
Subscribe Now
 DMCA Policy IPVanish DMCA / Copyright Policy  We respect the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same.
On this page, you will find information about copyright infringement procedures and policies that apply to IPVanish VPN. Copyright Infringement Notification To file a copyright infringement notification with us, you will need to send a written communication that includes substantially the following (please consult your legal counsel or see Section 512(c)(3) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act to confirm these requirements):

 A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material.
 Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.


Your written Notification of Claimed Infringement must be sent to our Designated Copyright Agent at the e-mail address listed below.
We will review and address all notices that substantially comply with the requirements identified above.
If your notice fails to substantially comply with all of these requirements, we may not be able respond to your notice.
We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a Notification of Claimed Infringement.
Please note that you may be liable for damages if you make a false claim of copyright infringement.
Section 512(f) of the Copyright Act provides that any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material is infringing may be subject to liability.
Please also be advised that, in appropriate circumstances, we will terminate the accounts of users/subscribers who repeatedly misidentify copyrighted material. Counter Notification of Copyright Infringement 
 If you believe a copyright infringement claim was filed in error, you may send a Counter Notification to our Designated Copyright Agent at the e-mail address provided below. abuse@ipvanish.com
To file a Counter Notification with us, you must send us an e-mail that sets forth the items specified below: 
Identify the specific reason or available ID to which we have disabled access.
Provide your full name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address.
Provide a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your address is located, and that you will accept service of process from the person who the provided notification of claimed infringement to which your notice relates or an agent of such person.
Include the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that I have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled."
Sign the notice.
If you are providing notice by e-mail, an electronic signature (i.e.
your typed name) or scanned physical signature will be accepted.


 If we receive a Counter Notification from you, we may forward it to the party who submitted the original Notification of Claimed Infringement.
The Counter Notification we forward may include some of your personal information, such as your name and contact information.
By submitting a Counter Notification, you consent to having your information revealed in this way.
We will not forward the Counter Notification to any party other than the original claimant unless required or expressly permitted to do so by law.


After we send out the Counter Notification, the original claimant must respond to us within 10 business days stating he or she has filed an action seeking a court order to restrain you from engaging in infringing activity.
We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a Counter Notification of Copyright Infringement.
Please note that you may be liable for damages if you make a false claim.
Under Section 512(f) of the Copyright Act, any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification may be subject to liability.
Please note that we may not be able to contact you if we receive a Notification of Copyright Infringement about material.
In accordance with our Terms of Service, we reserve the right to take action at any time to remain in compliance with the law. IPVanish 
What is VPN?
Pricing
VPN Protocols
VPN Servers
Reviews
Press
Special Discounts
Get IPVanish
 Solutions 
Stream Services
Stream Sports
Kodi VPN
Fire Stick VPN
VPN for Teams
VPN with Cloud Storage
 Privacy Tools 
IP Checker
Password Generator
Free VPN vs Paid VPN
Privacy Guides
 Setup Guides 
VPN Setup Guides
Windows VPN
macOS VPN
iOS VPN
Android VPN
Fire TV VPN
Linux VPN
Chrome OS VPN
 Contact Us 
Support Center
Get Help
System Status
Live Chat
Blog
Partners
 Legal 
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Export Policy
DMCA Policy
Money-Back Guarantee
Accessibility













© 2021 J2 Global, Inc.
or its affiliates (collectively, “J2”).
All rights reserved.
IPVanish is a registered trademark of J2.
700 S.
Flower St., Suite 1500, Los Angeles, CA 90017
