
         1.
Terms By accessing the IRChelp website, you agree to comply with these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations and agree that you are responsible by complying with all applicable local laws.
If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this website.
Third-party materials contained in links on this site may be protected by applicable copyright and trademark laws.
 2.
License Usage Permission is granted to download one copy of the materials (information or software) contained on and owned by the IRChelp website.
This is a grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not: 

modify or copy the materials.

use the materials for any commercial purpose or for public display (commercial or non-commercial).

attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on the IRChelp site.

transfer the materials to another person or 'mirror' the materials on any other server.

This license will automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by IRChelp at any time.
 3.
Disclaimer 

The materials on the IRChelp website are provided 'as is'.
IRChelp makes no warranties, express or implied, and hereby disclaims and disclaims all other warranties, including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other infringement of rights.


Furthermore, IRChelp does not warrant or make any representations regarding the accuracy, likely results OR reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise related to such materials or on websites linked to this website.

 Top 4.
Limitations In no event shall IRChelp or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on IRChelp, even that IRChelp or an authorized representative of IRChelp has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damages.
Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations on liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
 5.
Material Accuracy Materials displayed on the IRChelp website may include technical, typographical, spelling or photographic errors.
IRChelp does not warrant that any material on its site is accurate, complete or current.
IRChelp may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice.
However, IRChelp makes no commitment to update the materials.
 6.
Links IRChelp has not reviewed every site linked to its site and is not responsible for the content of any linked site.
The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by IRChelp of the site.
Use of any linked site is at the user's own risk.
 7.
Modifications IRChelp may revise these website terms of service at any time without notice.
By using this site, you agree to be bound by the current version of these terms of service. 8.
Applicable law These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Federative Republic of Brazil and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of that country. Top 
      