
        Terms of ServiceLast Updated: 1st May, 2021 Please read these Terms and Conditions ("Terms", "Terms and Conditions") carefully before using the https://ischoolconnect.com website (the "Service") operated by iSchoolConnect Inc.
("us", "we", or "our").

 Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned upon your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms.
These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who wish to access or use the Service.

 By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms.
If you disagree with any part of the terms then you do not have permission to access the Service.
Communications By creating an account on our service, you agree to subscribe to newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information we may send to you.
However, you may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.
Purchases If you wish to purchase any product or service made available through the Service ("Purchase"), you may be asked to supply certain information relevant to your Purchase including, without limitation, your payment details, your billing address, and your shipping information.

 You represent and warrant that: (i) you have the legal right to use any available form of payment method including credit card(s) in connection with any Purchase.
and that (ii) the information you supply to us is true, correct and complete.

 The service may employ the use of third-party services for the purpose of facilitating payment and the completion of Purchases.
By submitting your information, you grant us the right to provide the information to these third parties subject to our Privacy Policy.

 We reserve the right to refuse or cancel your order at any time for reasons including but not limited to: product or service availability, errors in the description or price of the product or service, error in your order or other reasons, if fraud or an unauthorized or illegal transaction is suspected.
Availability, Errors and Inaccuracies We are constantly updating product and service offerings on the Service.
We may experience delays in updating information on the Service and in our advertising on other web sites.
The information found on the Service may contain errors or inaccuracies.
Products or services may be mispriced, or may be inaccurate, or unavailable on the Service.

We therefore reserve the right to change or update information and to correct errors, inaccuracies, or omissions at any time without prior notice.Contests, Sweepstakes and Promotions Any contests, sweepstakes or other promotions (collectively, "Promotions") made available through the Service may be governed by rules that are separate from these Terms &amp.
Conditions.
If you participate in any such Promotions, please review the applicable rules as well as our Privacy Policy.
If the rules for a Promotion conflict with these Terms and Conditions, the Promotion rules will apply.
Subscriptions Some parts of the Service are billed on a subscription basis ("Subscription(s)").
You will be billed in advance on a recurring and periodic basis ("Billing Cycle").
Billing cycles may be set either on a monthly or annual basis, depending on the type of subscription plan you select when purchasing a Subscription.

 At the end of each Billing Cycle, your Subscription will automatically renew under the exact same conditions unless you cancel it or iSchoolConnect Inc.
cancels it.
You may cancel your Subscription renewal either through your online account management page or by contacting iSchoolConnect Inc.
customer support team.

 A valid payment method, is required to process the payment for your Subscription.
You shall provide iSchoolConnect Inc.
with accurate and complete billing information including full name, address, state, zip code, telephone number, and a valid payment method information.
By submitting such payment information, you automatically authorize iSchoolConnect Inc.
to charge all Subscription fees incurred through your account to any such payment instruments.

 Should automatic billing fail to occur for any reason, iSchoolConnect Inc.
will issue an electronic invoice indicating that you must proceed manually, within a certain deadline date, with the full payment corresponding to the billing period as indicated on the invoice.
Free TrialiSchoolConnect Inc.
may, at its sole discretion, offer a Subscription with a free trial for a limited period of time ("Free Trial").
You may be required to enter your billing information in order to sign up for the Free Trial.
 If you do enter your billing information when signing up for the Free Trial, you will not be charged by iSchoolConnect Inc.
until the Free Trial has expired.
On the last day of the Free Trial period, unless you cancelled your Subscription, you will be automatically charged the applicable Subscription fees for the type of Subscription you have selected.

 At any time and without notice, iSchoolConnect Inc.
reserves the right to (i) modify the terms and conditions of the Free Trial offer, or (ii) cancel such Free Trial offer.
Fee Changes iSchoolConnect Inc., in its sole discretion and at any time, may modify the Subscription fees for the Subscriptions.
Any Subscription fee change will become effective at the end of the then-current Billing Cycle.

 iSchoolConnect Inc.
will provide you with a reasonable prior notice of any change in Subscription fees to give you an opportunity to terminate your Subscription before such change becomes effective.

Your continued use of the Service after the Subscription fee change comes into effect constitutes your agreement to pay the modified Subscription fee amount.Cancellations Cancellation requests must be submitted in writing within the time limits stipulated for the program you applied to.
iSchoolConnect has no obligation to issue a refund if you cancel your participation after the stipulated cancellation deadline.
Kindly note that cancellation policies vary from program to program.
Please familiarize yourself with the cancellation policy of the program you are applying to, prior to submitting your application to the program.
By submitting your application to the program, you undertake that you have read and fully understand the terms and conditions of that program including its cancellation and refund policy, and you agree to be bound by it.
RefundsCertain refund requests for Subscriptions may be considered by iSchoolConnect Inc.
on a case-by-case basis and granted in sole discretion of iSchoolConnect Inc.Content Our Service allows you to post, link, store, share and otherwise make available certain information, text, graphics, videos, or other material ("Content").
You are responsible for the Content that you post on or through the Service, including its legality, reliability, and appropriateness.
You are solely responsible for your user posting and the consequences of posting or publishing them.

 By posting Content on or through the Service, You represent and warrant that: (i) the Content is yours (you own it) and/or you have the necessary right, license, consent, permission or authorization to use it and the right to grant us the rights and license as provided in these Terms, and (ii) that the posting of theContent on or through the Service does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights or any other rights of any person or entity.
We reserve the right to terminate the account of anyone found to be infringing on a copyright.

 You retain any and all of your rights to any Content you submit, post or display on or through the Service and you are responsible for protecting those rights.
We take no responsibility and assume no liability for Content you or any third-party posts on or through the Service.
However, by posting Content using the Service you grant us worldwide, non-exclusive, transferable, assignable, sub licensable, fully paid-up, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable right and license to host, transfer, relicense, use, modify, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, and distribute such Content on and through the Service.
You agree that this license includes the right for us to make your Content available to other users of the Service, who may also use your Content subject to these Terms.

 iSchoolConnect Inc.
has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit all Content provided by users.
We may at our discretion assist in creation of your user profile on this platform.
By providing information for your user profile or any other information required from time to time, you represent that the information provided is accurate and you are authorized to share the information with us.
You shall indemnify and hold harmless iSchoolConnect, for a breach of the above provisions as per these Terms.

 In addition, Content found on or through this Service are the property of iSchoolConnect Inc.
or used with permission.
You may not distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, download, repost, copy, or use said Content, whether in whole or in part, for commercial purposes or for personal gain, without express advance written permission from us.
Accounts When you create an account with us, you guarantee that you are above the age of 16, and that the information you provide us is accurate, complete, and current at all times.
Inaccurate, incomplete, or obsolete information may result in the immediate termination of your account on the Service.

 You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, including but not limited to the restriction of access to your computer and/or account.
You agree to accept responsibility for any and all activities or actions that occur under your account and/or password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service.
You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.

 You may not use as a username the name of another person or entity or that is not lawfully available for use, a name or trademark that is subject to any rights of another person or entity other than you, without appropriate authorization.
You may not use as a username any name that is offensive, vulgar or obscene.

We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in our sole discretion.Intellectual Property The Service and its original content (excluding Content provided by users), features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of iSchoolConnect Inc.
and its licensors.
The Service is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries.
Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of iSchoolConnect Inc.
Copyright Policy We respect the intellectual property rights of others.
It is our policy to respond to any claim that Content posted on the Service infringes on the copyright or other intellectual property rights ("Infringement") of any person or entity.

 If you are a copyright owner, or authorized on behalf of one, and you believe that the copyrighted work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please submit your claim via email to support@ischoolconnect.com, with the subject line: "Copyright Infringement" and include in your claim a detailed description of the alleged Infringement as detailed below, under "DMCA Notice and Procedure for Copyright Infringement Claims" 
 You may be held accountable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) for misrepresentation or bad-faith claims on the infringement of any Content found on and/or through the Service on your copyright.
DMCA Notice and Procedure for Copyright Infringement Claims You may submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) by providing our Copyright Agent with the following information in writing (see 17 U.S.C 512(c)(3) for further detail): 

an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright's interest;
 a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, including the URL (i.e., web page address) of the location where the copyrighted work exists or a copy of the copyrighted work.

identification of the URL or other specific location on the Service where the material that you claim is infringing is located;
your address, telephone number, and email address;
a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
 a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.


You can contact our Copyright Agent via email at support@ischoolconnect.comLinks to other WebsitesOur Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by iSchoolConnect Inc.
 iSchoolConnect Inc.
has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party web sites or services.
We do not warrant the offerings of any of these entities/individuals or their websites.

 You acknowledge and agree that iSchoolConnect Inc.
shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such third-party web sites or services.

We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.Termination We may terminate or suspend your account and bar access to the Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, under our sole discretion, for any reason whatsoever and without limitation, including but not limited to a breach of the Terms.

If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using the Service.
 All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Indemnification You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless iSchoolConnect Inc.
and its licensee licensors and affiliates and its and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees), resulting from or arising out of a) your use and access of the Service, by you or any person using your account and password.
b) a breach of these Terms, or c) Content posted on the Service.
Limitation of Liability In no event shall iSchoolConnect Inc., nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service.
(ii) any conduct or content of any third party on the Service.
(iii) any content obtained from the Service.
and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
iSchoolConnect Inc.
and its affiliates total cumulative liability to you or any other party for any loss or damages resulting from claims, demands, or actions arising out of or relating to this Terms will not exceed $500.
Disclaimer Your use of the Service is at your sole risk.
The Service is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis.
The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.

 iSchoolConnect Inc.
its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location.
b) any errors or defects will be corrected.
c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components.
or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.
Third Parties If you use the Service to collect information on behalf of the Third Party or a Third Party otherwise uses the Service through your account, whether or not you are authorized by iSchoolConnect Inc.
to do so, then You represent and warrant that (a) You are authorized to act on behalf of, and bind to this Agreement, the Third Party to all obligations that you have under this Agreement, (b) iSchoolConnect Inc.
may share with the Third Party any Customer Data that is specific to the Third Party's Properties, (c) You will not disclose Third Party's Customer Data to any other party without the Third Party's consent and (d) You shall be liable for any and all acts and omissions of any such Third Parties.
Your Obligations. Compliance.
You will: (a) ensure that use of the Services complies with the Terms.
(b) prevent and terminate any unauthorized use of or access to its Account(s) or the Services.
and (c) promptly notify iSchoolConnect Inc.
of any unauthorized use of or access to its Account(s) or the Services of which You become aware.

 Documentation.
iSchoolConnect Inc.
may provide Documentation for use of the Services.
The Documentation may specify restrictions (e.g.
attribution or HTML restrictions) on how the Services may be used and You will comply with any such restrictions specified.
Advertising.You may configure the Service to either display or not display advertisements served by iSchoolConnect Inc.
with prior consent of iSchoolConnect Inc.Confidentiality You and iSchoolConnect Inc.
each agree to retain in confidence the non-public terms in this Agreement and all other non-public information and know-how disclosed pursuant to this Agreement which is either designated as proprietary and/or confidential, or by the nature of the circumstances surrounding disclosure, should reasonably be understood to be confidential (“Confidential Information”).
Each party agrees to: (a) preserve and protect the confidentiality of the other party’s Confidential Information.
(b) refrain from using the other party’s Confidential Information except as contemplated herein.
and (c) not disclose such Confidential Information to any third party except to employees or agents as is reasonably required under this Agreement (and only subject to binding use and disclosure restrictions at least as protective as those set forth herein executed in writing by such employees).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may disclose Confidential Information of the other party which is: (i) already publicly known.
(ii) discovered or created by the receiving party without reference to the Confidential Information of the disclosing party, as shown in records of receiving party.
(iii) otherwise known to the receiving party through no wrongful conduct of the receiving party, or (iv) required to be disclosed by law or court order.
Moreover, either party hereto may disclose any Confidential Information hereunder to such party’s agents, attorneys and other representatives or any court of competent jurisdiction or any other party empowered hereunder as reasonably required to resolve any dispute between the parties hereto.
Exclusions Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the limitations above may not apply to you.
Governing LawThese Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Massachusetts, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
 Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights.
If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect.
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had between us regarding the Service.
Changes We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time without giving prior notice.
Any changes to these Terms will be effective immediately upon posting on this page, with an updated effective date.

 By continuing to access or use our Service after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms.
If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the Service.
Contact UsIf you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
