
         ISODME PRIVACY POLICY  PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BECAUSE IT DETAILS IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS AND REMEDIES.

 Last Revised: 2019-03-20 20:48 EDT 
BY USING OUR SITE OR OUR SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING:

Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Affiliate Program Terms
 ISODME RESPECTS YOUR PRIVACY NOTICE: ISODME IS WORKING TO BECOME GDPR COMPLIANT.
MANY OF OUR POLICIES ARE.
HOWEVER, WE ARE STILL IN THE PROCESS OF FILING FOR THE SWISS-US PRIVACY SHIELD.
IF YOU ARE A EUROPEAN CUSTOMER AND HAVE ANY QUESTIONS, EMAIL help@isodme.com 1.
INTRODUCTION

ISODME, a Registered D.B.A.
operating as a partnership in the United States of America provides customers web-hosting, domain name registration, and related products and services.

ISODME seeks to ensure the highest level of data privacy when offering its variety of quality products and services to subscribers ("Subscribers") and visitors ("Visitors") (collectively, "Users").

At ISODME, the privacy and security of our Users is of paramount importance.
We are committed to protecting the data you share with us.

When this Policy mentions “ISODME", "we," "us", or "our", it refers to the company operating under a D.B.A.
as ISODME.

This Privacy Policy ("Policy") explains how ISODME processes information that can be used to directly or indirectly identify an individual ("Personal Data") collected on our Site, forums and our mobile applications ("Platform”).

For information regarding the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 and EU-U.S.
and Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield Frameworks, designed by the U.S.
Department of Commerce and the European Commission and Swiss Administration, please contact us at hello@isodme.com  2.
GENERAL PRINCIPLES AND CONFIDENTIALITY

ISODME shall process all Personal Data adhering to the general data processing principles: 


lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner in relation to the data subject (lawfulness, fairness, and transparency).


collect and process Personal Data only for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and not further processed in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes (purpose limitation).


ensure that Personal Data is adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary for relation to the purposes for which they are processed (data minimization).


ensure that Personal Data is accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date (accuracy).


ensure that Personal Data is kept in a form which permits identification of data subjects for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the personal data are processed (storage limitation).


process Personal Data in a manner that ensures appropriate security of the personal data, including protection against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage, using appropriate technical or organizational measures (integrity and confidentiality).



All and any information stored on ISODME's Platform is treated as strictly confidential.
All information is stored securely and is accessed by qualified and authorized personnel only.
 3.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT 3.1.
Information you provide to us.

Information is necessary for the use of the ISODME Platform


We ask for and collect the following personal information about you when you use the ISODME Platform.
This information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contractual arrangement which is in place between you and us and to allow us to comply with our legal obligations.
Failing to provide any of this data or decision to delete or object to the processing of any of such data may result in de-activation of your ISODME Account, and subsequently, any of your Services.



Account Signup Information.
When you sign up at ISODME, we require you to provide the bare minimum information to verify your existence.
This includes, but is not limited to, email address, first and last name, address, and password.
In some particular cases we ask you to provide more information.

 In the event that you use Sign In With Google or Sigh In With Facebook, you agree to the respective privacy policies.


Identity Verification.
To comply with the rules set forth by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ("ICANN") and our 3rd party domain suppliers, before the registration of the new domain name, ISODME may collect identity verification information (such as images of your passport, national ID card, valid driving license or other documents as required or permitted by applicable laws).


Payment Information.
To order and use features of the ISODME Platform (such as web-hosting, domain name registration), we may require you to provide certain financial information in order to facilitate the processing of payments.
We use 3rd party (payment processor) services, so we do not collect and store credit card information (we receive information about the payment status and store only last 4 credit card digits).


Communications, Chats, Messaging.
When you communicate with ISODME (using general inquiries window), we collect information about your communication and any information you choose to provide or disclose.
In order to respond to your request, we may access information provided in your ISODME Account, purchase history, etc.


Job applicants' information.
We also collect information that you provided to us by applying to any of the open career positions, by e-mail or otherwise.
For more details see Section 5 below.



You may also choose to provide us information when you fill in a form, conduct a search, update or add information to your ISODME Account, respond to surveys, post to community forums, participate in promotions, or use other features of the ISODME Platform.
 ISODME processes information you provide to us on the legal basis of:


Your consent, expressed when voluntarily submitting and filling your Personal Data details in sign-up forms, by e-mail, request or inquiries window, etc..
and 

Conclusion and performance of contractual arrangements and obligations between ISODME and the User.


Pursuance of legitimate interests of ISODME, as manager of the ISODME platform.


Compliance with a legal obligation to which ISODME is subject, including, but not limited to, ICANN rules: https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/approved-with-specs-2013-09-17-en#whois 
 Disclaimer Please always take care and observe at least the following minimum requirements for the protection of your personal information:

 please omit using your name, address, telephone number, e-mail, personal identification number, date of birth, bank Account number, card number, other special (sensitive) data, etc.
in the subject of the request or file name.


please omit using your personal code, payment card number, and other financial information and details, health, family member details, or other specific (sensitive) data, in the texts of requests, e-mails or similar communication to us, and 

please make sure that the remaining personal data is only indicated to the extent necessary for the purposes for which the letter, request or inquiry is sent.

 3.2 Right to delete your data 
You may at any time access and edit, update or delete your non-restricted contact details by logging into your ISODME platform Account.
 Please note that you will only be able to delete your name during removal of your ISODME Account.
To delete your Account, please send your request to help@isodme.com, and you will be provided with further guidance.
 3.3.
Information We Collect when You use the Platform  When you use the ISODME Platform or contact us directly by any communication channel, we may collect information, including personal information, about the services you use and how you use them.

This information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us, to enable us to comply with legal obligations and given our legitimate interest in being able to provide and improve the functionalities of the ISODME Platform.

With your consent 



Geo-location data: We collect information about your approximate location as determined by data such as your IP address to better assist you.
Such data may be collected only when you access ISODME platform using your device.


Automatic collection of data


Log data and Device information.
We automatically collect log data and device information when you access and use the ISODME Platform, even if you have not created an ISODME Account or logged in.
That information may include, but is not limited to: Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp and/or clickstream data.


Tracking technologies and Cookies.
We use cookies, beacons, tags, scripts and other similar technologies, such as CI codes (click tracking), ISC (source tracking), and ITC (item tracking codes).
We also automatically collect information about device's operating system, phone model, device ID and customer number.
For more detail information on the use of these technologies.


Usage information.
We may use a tool called "Google Analytics" to collect information about your interactions with the ISODME Platform (what pages you visit, such as the pages or content you view, your searches for Listings, bookings you have made, and other actions on the ISODME Platform.
In consequence, Google, Inc.
plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this Site).
For more information please visit Google.


ISODME’s billing system is based off of a tool called “Web Hosting Management Complete Solution” ("WHMCS").
View specific details about CI, ISC, and ITC codes by contacting WHMCS.



ISODME processes this information on the legal basis of: 


Your consent.


Conclusion and performance of contractual arrangements and obligations between ISODME and the User.


Pursuance of legitimate interests of ISODME, and manager of ISODME platform.

 4.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR DATA? 
We use, store, combine and process information, including personal information, about you to provide, understand, improve, and develop the ISODME Platform, create and maintain a trusted and safer environment and comply with our legal obligations.



To Identify: personal identification information is collected and processed for the purposes of User identification as well use of services and domain name registration.
Additionally, this information may be used to provide Users with support, letting them know about upcoming updates or improvements, providing information regarding changes of any Terms of Use (including changes to this Policy) as well as other important information.


To Create and Maintain Trusted Environment: we verify or authenticate information or identifications provided by you (such as ID number, email or phone numbers).
We also use collected information to detect and prevent fraud, spam, abuse, security incidents, and other illegal and harmful activities.


To Stay Connected: we use information about data usage, devices, operating systems to diagnose problems with our servers, to administer our Platform, adopt decision when to retire SDK's/OS versions, to identify characteristics of major users so that we may optimize our applications and services and make your browsing and purchasing experience more enjoyable.


To Personalize Advertising and Marketing: to provide targeted and interest based offers we conduct data profiling based on your characteristics, behavior and preferences (based on the information you provide to us, your interactions with the ISODME Platform and its Users, information obtained from third parties, and your search history).
In accordance with these results, we send various offers, surveys, contests, promotional messages, marketing, advertising, and other information that may be of interest to you based on your preferences (including information about ISODME or co-branded offers, campaigns, and services of our partners or affiliates).


To Send Service and Billing Messages: ISODME may also contact you with important information regarding our Services, or your use thereof.
For instance, we may send you a notice (through any of the communication channels available to us) if a certain Service is temporarily suspended for maintenance.
reply to your support ticket or e-mail.
send you reminders or warnings regarding upcoming or late payments for your current or upcoming subscriptions.
forward abuse complaints regarding your hosting plan.
or notify you of material changes in our Services.
Such kind of communication is essential, for this reason, no opt-out possibilities are given to avoid receiving such Service and Billing Messages unless you are no longer an ISODME User (which can be done by deactivating your Account).


To Register Domain: in certain jurisdictions or pursuant to the rules of the ICANN or certain registries, domain name registration information has to be made available and accessible to the public through a "WHOIS" search.
The WHOIS database is a publicly accessible database that lists the domain name registration information for a particular domain name, the name server(s) to which the domain name points, and the domain name's creation and expiration date.
The domain name registration information you provide is stored by ISODME and may be made available to the public through WHOIS searches.
ISDOME may deposit your domain name registration information with a third-party escrow provider to comply with ICANN requirements.
At times, Users may receive solicitations that result from searches of the publicly available WHOIS database by other companies or individuals.
Any such solicitations or e-mail communications do not come from ISODME and we are not responsible for the use of WHOIS information by third parties.
ISODME acts only on the basis of ICANN rules and requirements.
For more information see: https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/approved-with-specs-2013-09-17-en#whois.


To contact you: in order to notify you regarding your Account, to troubleshoot problems with your Account, to resolve a dispute, to collect fees or monies owed, to poll your opinions through surveys or questionnaires, to send updates about our company, or as otherwise necessary to contact you to enforce our User Agreement, applicable national laws, and any agreement we may have with you.
For these purposes, we may contact you via email, telephone, text messages, and portal.

 5.
JOB APPLICATIONS 
ISODME welcomes all qualified Applicants to apply to any of the open positions by sending us their contact details and CV ("Applicants Information") via the relevant Position Application Form on our Website, or through any other means provided by us.

We understand that privacy and discreteness are crucial to our Applicants and are committed to keep Applicants Information private and use it solely for ISODME's internal and other recruitment and training purposes (including for identifying Applicants, evaluating their applications, making hiring and employment decisions, and contacting Applicants by phone or in writing, and educating others).

ISODME may retain Applicants Information submitted to it until up to one year after being requested to be removed by the applicant.
We collect this information to re-consider Applicants for other positions and opportunities at ISODME.
we can use their Applicants Information as reference for future applications submitted by them.
and if the Applicant is hired, for additional employment and business purposes related to his/her work at ISODME.
We may also use the applicant’s application for internal and external training purposes.

If you previously submitted your Applicants Information to ISODME, but now wish to access or delete it, email us at help@isodme.com.
 6.
PROFILING AND AUTOMATED DECISION MAKING 
Our platform uses automated decision making and profiling system (a “Fraud Check”).
When profiling your data, our algorithm may take into consideration the following key factors:



your information you provide to us.


your interactions with the ISODME Platform.


information obtained from third parties.


your search history.


history of your past deals, claims, complaints, reviews.


frequency of purchases.


other information obtained when using our Platform.



Our automated systems analyze your content on the Account and ISODME Platform to provide you personally relevant product features, such as customized search results, tailored advertising, fraud detection.
 6.1 Right to object
Email us at help@isodme.com to object.
In most cases, this may mean the closing of your account. 7.
DIRECT MARKETING.
PROFILING FOR DIRECT MARKETING PURPOSES When creating an Account at our Platform, you are free to opt-out from receiving various offers directly to your e-mail, phone or in your Account.
We use provided contact details and your preferences for direct marketing by sending various offers or newsletters.

These direct marketing offers, depending on your preferences, may be personalized taking into account any other information which you have provided to us (e.g.
location, social media profile information, purchase history etc.) or we have collected or generated from other sources as described below.

7.1 Right to object If a User wishes to change their preferences and withdraw the consent for direct marketing, they may email us at help@isodme.com to unsubscribe.
 8.
OTHER USES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA

 Developing Platform: we use data, including public feedback, to conduct research and development for the further development of our platform in order to provide you and others with a better, more intuitive and personalized experience, drive membership growth.
Customer Support.
We use data to help you and fix problems.
We use the data (which can include your communications) to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and issues (e.g., bugs).

Aggregate Insights: we use data to generate aggregate insights.
We use your data to produce and share aggregated insights that do not identify you.

Security and Investigations: we use data for security, fraud prevention and investigations.
We use your data (including your communications) if we think it's necessary for security purposes or to investigate possible fraud or other violations of our Terms of User or this Policy and/or attempts to harm our Users.

 9.
SOURCES OF PERSONAL DATA 
We collect and receive your Personal data from yourself (including your device) as well as from the following sources:



Social network operators (such as Facebook, Google, etc.).


Third-party service providers, suppliers and our partners.


Other legal sources.

 10.
RETENTION AND DELETION 
We generally retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us and to comply with our legal obligations.

If you would like to stop us using your personal information, you shall request that we erase your personal information and close your ISODME Account with all of its related Services.

After deletion of your Account, we will still retain the following data for the purposes of compliance with applicable legal requirements (such as tax, accounting, legal reporting, AML, other) for as long as we are legally required by virtue of the such legal requirements.

Please also note that we may further retain some of your personal information in such cases (i.e., after closure of your ISODME Account):



as long as it is necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud detection and prevention and enhancing safety.
If ISODME suspends your ISODME Account for safety reasons, we may retain certain information from that ISODME Account to prevent that User from opening a new ISODME Account in the future.


the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
ISODME may keep some of your information for tax, legal reporting and auditing obligations.


forum posts or other publicly visible information will continue to be publicly available on the ISODME Platform, even after your ISODME Account is deactivated.
However, attribution of such information to you will be removed.
Additionally, some copies of your information (e.g., log records) may remain in our database, but are disassociated from personal identifiers.


as we protect ISODME Platform from accidental or malicious loss and destruction, residual copies of your personal information may not be removed from our backup systems for a limited period of time.


domain name registration data - at the moment of writing this Policy, in order to register domain, we are requested to provide personal information about the owner of domain.
this information is shown in WHOIS directory and is public.
For more information, please visit https://www.icann.org/registrants.


We may retain a portion of your personal information for other purposes as well.

 11.
DATA TRANSFERS AND USE OF THIRD-PARTY SERVICES 
While collecting and processing your Personal Data, we may perform data transfers to various third parties.
 11.1.
With your consent
 We will share your Personal Data with companies, organizations or individuals outside our group of companies when we have your consent to do so via email.

If consent is neither denied nor given within twenty-four hours (24 hours), ISODME reserves the right to share your personal data without your consent to do so.
Thus, it is vital for you to ensure that your data is up-to-date.
 11.2.
Where do we process your personal data? 

Users' Personal Information may be maintained, processed and stored by ISODME and our authorized affiliates and service providers in in-house servers in our Massachusetts server room in the United States, or in virtual machine or dedicated server instances hosted on any of the following services: Microsoft Azure, Amazon AWS, Hetzner Cloud, and data hosted with Google Drive or other Google cloud services for cloud backups.
Please be aware that by storing your data with us, you also agree to the respective privacy policies and terms and conditions of the 3rd party cloud services.
You also agree that your data may be regularly transferred from data center to data center, often bypassing international borders.
Therefore, you agree to all international data laws.
ISODME, as of the date of this revision, does not share your data with any government, but may cooperate with both private and public investigation services, such as the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( the “FBI”).
We will do our best to notify you.

 Job Applicants Information will be maintained, processed and stored in Google Drive, in the applied position's location(s), and as necessary, in secured cloud storage provided by our Third Party Services.


ISODME’s affiliates and service providers that store or process your Personal Information on ISODME's behalf are each committed to keep it protected and secured, in accordance with industry standards and regardless of any lesser legal requirements which may apply in their jurisdiction.


Domain name registration data and identification data is shared with third parties in accordance with ICANN rules.
For more information see https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/approved-with-specs-2013-09-17-en#whois



We may share both non-personally and personally identifiable information publicly as well as with our partners - publishers, advertisers.
For instance, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our platform or the number of users in a specific country.
 If we are involved in a merger, reorganization, acquisition or sale, we may transfer data and we will update you with our new policies.

EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield.
When providing hosting and other services, personal data might be transferred to data recipients established in third countries and participating in the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework.

In certain situations, ISODME may be asked to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, other competent authorities, including when it is required to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, and will do so where permitted by local data protection laws.

Data Localization Obligations.
If you reside in a jurisdiction that imposes "data localization" or "data residency" obligations (i.e., requiring that Personal Information of its residents be kept within the territorial boundaries of such jurisdiction), and this fact comes to our attention, we may maintain your Personal Information within such territorial boundaries, if we are legally obligated to do so.
Please notify us of this and we may find the appropriate 3rd party cloud service provider to maintain your data instead.

You acknowledge that while doing so, we may continue to collect, store and use your Personal Information elsewhere.

Targeting, advertising.
We also use Facebook, Google, as well as other advertising and marketing tools.
You should carefully read the privacy policy of these service providers.
More information on the targeted advertising, as well as your opt-out rights and other rights, you will find on the respective websites of these service providers - https://lt-lt.facebook.com/policies/ads#.
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads.
 11.3.
Social Media Features Our Services include certain Social Media features and widgets, single sign on features, such as the "Facebook Connect" or "Google Sign-in", the "Facebook Like" button, the "Share this" button or other interactive mini-programs ("Social Media Features").
These Social Media Features may collect information such as your IP address or which page you are visiting on our Website, and may set a cookie to enable them to function properly.
Social Media Features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Services.
Your interactions with these third parties' Social Media Features are governed by their policies.
 11.4.
Our Legal Obligation to Use or Disclose Personal Data We will reveal your Personal Data to state and public authorities without your prior permission only when we are legally required to provide information, including taking legal action to defend our rights, as well as the cases, where we have a belief in good faith that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, enforce applicable Terms of Services, including investigation of potential violations, detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.

12.
SECURITY ISODME has implemented security measures designed to protect the Personal Information you share with us, including physical, electronic and procedural measures.
Among other things, we offer HTTPS secure access to most areas on our Services.
We also monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks, and regularly seek new ways and Third-Party Services for further enhancing the security of our Services and protection of our Visitors' and Users' privacy.

Regardless of the measures and efforts that we take, we cannot and do not guarantee the absolute protection and security of your Personal Information, or any other User Content you upload, publish or otherwise share with ISODME or anyone else.

We therefore encourage you to set strong passwords for your User Account and avoid providing us or anyone with any sensitive information of which you believe its disclosure could cause you substantial or irreparable harm.

If you have any questions regarding the security of our Services, you are welcome to contact us at hello@isodme.com
 12.1 Physical Data Protection If your data is hosted in any of our United States or Chinese server rooms, we promise to do the following: 

Have security cameras near and/or in our facilities.


Lock all doors to our servers at all times.
and 

Do our best to prevent physical intrusions.

 12.2 Virtual Data Protection
If your data is hosted on any ISODME managed instance, we promise to do the following: 

Encrypt passwords for logins to the control panel.


Do our best to use HTTPS to mitigate Man-In-The-Middle (“MITM”) attacks.
and 

Do our best to keep our servers running at the latest stable software versions.

 13.
YOUR RIGHTS 
You are entitled to a range of rights regarding the protection of your Personal Data.
Those rights are:



the right to access the information we process about you.


the right to rectify incorrect/inaccurate information about you.


the right to transfer all or part of the information collected about you to you or another data controller, where technically feasible (the right to data portability.
with limitations and restrictions as specified in the EU General Data Protection Regulation).


the right to erase any data concerning you.
Users may demand erasure of data without undue delay for legitimate reasons, e.g.
where data is no longer necessary for the purposes it was collected, or where the data has been unlawfully processed.


the right to the restriction of data processing.
Users, for legitimate purposes, may obtain restriction of data processing from the controller.


the right to object to the processing of Personal Data when processing is carried out on the basis of legitimate interest, as well as in these cases, as specified above in this Policy:


use of your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.


use of your Personal Data for profiling for direct marketing purposes.



Some of the rights as above are easy to exercise: i.e., you may at any time access and edit, update or amend your details, opt out of receiving communications from us and our partners by contacting to our Help Desk.

When you object to processing of Personal Data when processing is carried out on the basis of legitimate interest, we will carefully consider such a request, which may result in your Account closure or de-activation.

Users have the right to lodge a complaint with the national Data Protection Agency in their country of residence in the event where their rights may have been infringed.
However, we recommend attempting to reach a peaceful resolution of the possible dispute by contacting us first.

We may manually review your request.
Your rights may be denied for any technical reason.
 14.
ACCEPTANCE OF THIS POLICY 
We assume that all Users of our Platform have carefully read this document and agree to its contents.
If someone does not agree with this Policy, they should refrain from using our website, and mobile applications and immediately contact us.
We reserve the right to change our Policy at any time and inform by using the way as indicated in Section 14.
Continued use of our website and mobile applications implies acceptance of the revised Policy.

This Policy is an integral part of our Terms and Conditions.

We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those set out in this Policy.
 15.
CONTACTS 
For all your requests or comments concerned with this Privacy Policy, please contact: help@isodme.com
 16.
APPLICATION OF POLICY 
Our Policy applies to all of the services offered by us and our affiliates.
Our Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you in search results, sites that may include our services or other sites linked from our services.
 17.
AMENDMENTS 
Our Policy may change from time to time.
If there are significant changes, we may consider providing a more explicit notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Policy changes).
 18.
FURTHER INFORMATION 
If you have any further questions regarding the data ISODME collects, or how we use it, then please feel free to contact Data Protection Officer at the details as indicated above hereof.

