
         Terms of Service
Last updated: 21 January 2021
These are the terms of service you are agreeing to when you subscribe and/or are using the services of IVPN, operated by Privatus Limited.
Please note that in this agreement, the term “You” means you the “Subscriber/User”, and the term “We” or “Our” means Privatus Limited, its owners, employees, agents and any others involved with Privatus Limited.
As a subscriber of our services, you agree that:


You will not use our service to hack or attack other computers or networks on the internet.


You will not use our service to scan (eg.
port scanning, running proxy hunters) other computers or networks on the internet.


You will not use our service to transmit viruses, worms, trojans etc.
to other computers or networks on the internet.


You will not use our service to attack our servers and resources in any way.


You will not use our service for receiving and distributing pirated copyright materials.
This includes, but is not limited to the following activities: trading, selling, bartering, sharing, transmitting or receiving, of such materials.


You will not use our service to send unsolicited data in any form.
This includes, but is not limited to the following: Sending unsolicited emails (i.e.
SPAM email), hate email, mass-marketing emails, unsolicited instant messages and unsolicited SMS.


You will not use our services to engage in any sort of child pornography activities.
This includes, but not limited to the following: Trading, bartering, selling, transmitting or receiving such material.


You will not use our service for any type of criminal activities.
This includes but is not limited to the following: Engaging in the use of stolen credit cards, stolen bank accounts, stolen debit cards, stolen charge cards, stolen online payment accounts (eg.
PayPal).


You will not use our service to send out phishing or identity theft emails.


You will not promote or encourage criminal or terrorist activities of any sort.


You will not use our services to threaten or harass others.


You will not run resource intensive programs that will interfere with the usage of our services by our users.


You will not share your account with others.
You will be responsible for all the activities involving your account.


You agree not to pay for the service from a stolen credit card.


You will not resell or attempt to resell IVPN accounts or services to any individual or entity for use or further resale without the express written permission of Privatus Limited.


The service that is offered to you is provided on an “as is” basis, with no warranties whatsoever.
We are not liable for any direct, indirect, consequential, inconveniences, or whatsoever damages, or loss of profit, that may arise from the use of our services.


We cannot and do not guarantee the speed of our service.
We also cannot and do not guarantee that you will have an uninterrupted service.
We are not liable for any direct, indirect, consequential, inconveniences, or whatsoever damages, or loss of profit, that may arise from the use of our services.


We are not in any shape or form liable for damages of any sort (realized or unrealized) resulting from the use of, or through the use of, or arising from the use of, or the inability to use the IVPN service pertaining to any registered user.


In any event, IVPN shall never be liable for any monetary damages beyond what the user paid to IVPN and this will not include court costs or attorney fees irrespective of any statutes or laws that may be interpreted otherwise.


We reserve the right to make amendments or modifications to our Terms Of Use Agreement.
If we make changes that are material, we will take every reasonable step to ensure that changes are brought to your attention by posting all changes prominently on the IVPN website and emailing our existing customers.
The notice will designate a reasonable period of time after which the new Terms will take effect.
If you disagree with our changes, then you should stop using the IVPN service within the designated notice period.
Your continued use of the IVPN service will be subject to the new Terms.
However, any dispute that arose before the changes shall be governed by the Terms that were in place when the dispute arose.


This is our binding agreement when you agree to these terms of service.
The main goal of our service is to protect your privacy.
We absolutely do not condone or promote criminal activities of any sort.
If you violate any of our terms, we reserve the right to terminate your service without any advance warning or notification.
No refunds or credit will be given.
If you have any questions about this policy please contact us.
