

Effective date: July 1, 2020
IXL does not permit children under the age of 13 ("Child") to create an account and does not knowingly collect personally identifying information from children under the age of 13 without the consent and at the direction of a parent.
IXL permits Parents to set up child profiles associated with the Parent account so that children may access the Service under the Parent's supervision.
We take special precautions to collect only as much information as is reasonably necessary for the child to use the Service and to ensure that Parents have access to and control of their child's use of the Service.
This Children's Privacy Policy applies to all users of child profiles associated with a Parent account, regardless of the age of the child.
By creating a child profile associated with a Parent account and permitting your child to use the IXL Service, you expressly agree to the practices described in this Children's Privacy Policy and you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your child's personal information as described herein. 1.
How to create a child profile associated with a Parent account.
A parent must purchase a user license using a credit card on the Family Membership page, register for an account with IXL, and agree to the terms of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and this Children's Privacy Policy.
During the account creation process, the Parent may create individual profiles for each child(ren) authorized by the Parent to use the Service through the Parent's account.
Each child user profile must be associated with a Parent account, and children cannot access the Service without the Parent first signing in to the Parent account with the Parent's login credentials.
After the Parent logs into a Parent account, the child user selects the child profile to use the Service. 2.
What information does IXL collect from or about a child and how does IXL use this information? 
Information you provide us. Through the Parent's account set-up, the Parent provides information about the child(ren) authorized by the Parent to use the Service through the Parent's account, including a profile name and selection of a profile avatar.
We recommend that the Parent selects a profile name that does not include the real name or identifying characteristics of the child.
The Parent may also create a "secret word," which functions similar to a password to access the child profile, though it cannot be used to sign in to the Service without the Parent first signing in to the Parent's account using the Parent's login credentials.
IXL does not request a birthdate or any additional personal information from the user of the child profile, though the child may change his/her profile avatar, secret word and profile name (of course, the Parent will see these changes through the Parent's account dashboard).

IXL uses this information to provide the Service to the user of the child profile.
IXL uses the e-mail address provided by users of Parent accounts to communicate messages about the account, such as subscription notices and password resets, and the child user reports and awards.

Information collected from the Child's use of the Service. During the course of providing the Service, we collect information about the user of the child profile's use of the Service and information submitted to the Service, such as answers to questions, for the purpose of providing feedback to the user and for compiling reports and awards.

When your Child accesses the Service through the Parent's account, we automatically collect and store usage information as well as information about the device used by the Parent and Child to access the Service.
For example, we collect an IP address, location (at the city level), browser type, language preferences, and other information about the device used to access the Service, such as the device type, model and manufacturer and a unique identifier which allows us to uniquely identify your browser, device, or account, as well as account usage information such as the day/time stamp, referring/exit pages and URLs, pages viewed, and similar information.
This information is typically collected through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies, web beacons, log files, and similar technology (collectively, "tracking technologies"), and we may use third party providers to collect this information on our behalf.
This data collection is explained in greater detail in Section 1 of our Privacy Policy under the sub-heading "Information we receive when you use the Service."
We use this information to secure and improve the Service, to provide personalized content and information, to remember you when you return to the Service at a later time or using a different device, to improve the Service, to save you time, to provide better technical support, to track website usage and other similar purposes. 3.
How we disclose information IXL may share or disclose a child's personal information as needed to provide our Service or with your consent or permission.
For example, we share information with our trusted vendors, third party service providers and individuals to provide services for us on our behalf, which may include analytics providers and hosting services.
We may also share personal information if we have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request.
(b) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof.
(c) detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
(d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of IXL, its users, or the public.
or (e) as required or permitted by law.
If IXL becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, change of control, or any form of sale of some or all of its assets, personal information may be transferred or disclosed in connection with the business transaction, subject to any applicable laws.
We may also share aggregate or de-identified information in a manner that cannot be reasonably used to identify an individual user. 4.
Third party tracking and online advertising on the Service IXL does not display any targeted advertising on the Service.
We work with third-party online advertising networks which use tracking technologies (such as cookies, web beacons and similar technologies) to collect information about visitors to direct targeted advertising on other websites or services.
You can learn more by referring to Section 4 of the IXL Privacy Policy called "Third party tracking and online advertising," and by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance's resources at http://www.aboutads.info/choices and/or the Network Advertising Initiative's online resources, at http://www.networkadvertising.org.
We take certain steps designed to avoid these third-party tracking technologies from collecting information from users of Child profiles for targeted advertising purposes, by taking steps to disable such tracking technologies once a subscriber to our Service (e.g., the Parent) logs into our Service, maintaining the preferences for as long as the subscriber is signed in, and by remembering these preferences the next time you return to our Service using the same browser or device.
Please note that we rely on cookies to identify whether you are a Subscriber and if you delete or block cookies you may also delete the IXL cookie which allows us to recognize returning users and prevent subscribers from receiving targeted IXL advertisements on other websites or services.
These preferences are unique to the browser or device you used to sign in to the Service.
Therefore, third-party tracking technologies may be present if you navigate to certain pages of our website using a new browser or device until you sign in to your account on that browser or device.
If you do not want to receive targeted advertising from IXL based on your visit to our website, you can use the below link to request that IXL take steps to prevent third-party advertising networks from using information about your visit to our website to display targeted IXL advertisements to you on other websites or services on behalf of IXL.
IXL cannot, however, guarantee that such steps will eliminate all collection and/or display of targeted advertising, and it may take some time for your request to take effect.
Such requests will not prevent you from receiving contextual advertising or other types of advertisements that are displayed without taking into consideration whether you have previously visited www.ixl.com (for example, advertisements shown on the basis of a search term keyword).
Such requests will not stop the collection of information for purposes other than advertising (e.g., for website analytics).
This opt-out requires the setting of a cookie in your browser to record your request (and thus will no longer be effective if the required cookie is deleted), will be effective only in the browser from which you make the request, and will be effective for a maximum of one year from the request.
If you delete cookies, change your browser settings, switch browsers or computers, or use another operating system, you will need to make the request again.
You may make additional requests at any time.
 Click here to request not to have information about your visit to www.ixl.com tracked for the purpose of displaying targeted IXL advertisements on other sites or services.
 5.
How to access and delete your child's personal information The Parent may review the information collected from the user of the child profile at any time by signing in to the Parent account.
The Parent may refuse to permit the further collection of the child user's information by no longer providing the child user access to the Service through the Parent's account.
IXL will retain the personal information collected from and about the user of the child profile for as long as necessary to provide the Service and will de-identify or delete the personal information after the termination of the Parent's subscription account in accordance with our standard data retention policy or until we receive a deletion request.
To request deletion of personal information of a user of a child profile at any time, please contact us at compliance@ixl.com. 6.
Our practices involving Schools When IXL is used by a School in an educational setting, the School may authorize IXL to collect information from a child under 13.
If you are a Parent whose child accesses the IXL Service through a School, please contact the child's School to request to access, review and/or delete your child's information.
IXL will process such requests promptly as directed by the School.
Please refer to Section 11 of the IXL Privacy Policy to learn more about how IXL protects Student Data, including Students who may be under the age of 13, when the Service is used by a School. 7.
Region-Specific Disclosures We may choose or be required by law to provide different or additional disclosures relating to the processing of personal information about residents of certain countries, regions or states.
Please refer to the Region-Specific Disclosures section of our Privacy Policy to learn more. 8.
Contact us If you have questions or concerns about this policy or about our use of information provided by a user of a child profile, please contact us:

IXL Learning, Inc.
777 Mariners Island Blvd., Suite 600 San Mateo, CA 94404 (USA) 


Tel. (855) 255-7700 Fax (650) 372-4072 

 compliance@ixl.com 

Last Updated: July 1, 2020
