
        Cookie PolicyTo edit your cookie settings, click here.Privacy PolicyJamf uses cookies to enhance your browsing experience, personalize ads and analyze usage.
Without cookies, you may not be able to use certain features of our sites.
To learn more, visit our Privacy Policy.
DeclineAllow Skip to main content English 
 English 
 Deutsch (German) 
 Français (French) 
 Español (Spanish) 
 日本語 (Japanese) 
 简体中文 (Chinese) 
 Nederlands (Dutch) 
 Jamf Home Toggle Navigation 
 Solutions The Jamf Platform Complete offering with customizable features to maximize Apple initiatives Device &amp.
App Management 
 Application Lifecycle Management Automated and secure workflows for managing apps 
 Inventory Management Track status and view environments 
 Device Management Configure and customize the perfect device 
 Identity &amp.
Access 
 Zero-Touch Deployment Automate setup and device provisioning 
 Identity-Based Access Biometric-based authentication and access to resources 
 Self Service Empower end users with a customizable app catalog 
 Security &amp.
Privacy 
 Security Management Reduce risk and maintain user experience 
 Threat Prevention &amp.
Remediation Keep safe from malware and breaches 
 Visibility &amp.
Compliance Stream accurate audit data in real time 


 Industries 
 Jamf for Business Improve business operations and empower employees 


 Jamf for Education Accelerate learning through streamlined education technology 


 Jamf for Healthcare Enhance the patient experience and personalize telehealth 


 Pricing 
 Resources Search resources e.g.
Device Management Browse Resources by Type: 
 E-Books Thought-provoking content designed to keep you ahead of industry trends.

 White Papers Research reports and best practices to keep you informed of Apple management tactics.

 Videos See product demos in action and hear from Jamf customers.

 Technical Papers Instructions on how to deploy, administer, and integrate Jamf and third-party products.



 Case Studies Apple management success stories from those saving time and money with Jamf.

 Infographics At-a-glance statistics and information needed to make the most informed decisions.

 Webinars On-demand webinar videos covering an array of Apple management topics.

 Product Documentation Guides to help you install, administer and use Jamf products.



 Contact 
 Start Trial 
 Site Search Search Submit Reset 


 Start Trial 


 Jamf Home 
Terms of Use


 Start Trial 
 Terms of Use Thank you for visiting jamf.com.
We’re glad you’re here.
Please review the following Terms of Use (“Terms”) carefully because they are a binding agreement between you and Jamf Software, LLC (“Jamf” or “we”).
The Terms govern your use of the websites that link to these Terms (the “Site”).
By continuing to use the Site, you agree to these Terms.
If you are a Jamf customer, a separate agreement applies to your use of our software and services.

Use of the Site
 You may only use this Site for lawful purposes.
You may not use this Site in a way that infringes on the rights of Jamf or any third party or interferes with the operation of this Site.
Specifically, you will not:

Try to gain unauthorized access to any part of this Site or to any Jamf systems or servers;
Interfere with or unreasonably burden this Site or other Jamf systems;
Attempt to interfere with the proper working of this Site or another person’s use of the Site.
or
Alter any content on this Site.


Account Creation
 To participate fully in certain areas of this Site, like Jamf Nation, you will need to create an account.
You must provide accurate and complete account information and let us know if anything changes.
You may not use anyone else’s account to access this Site, nor may you allow others to use your account.
Do not select an inappropriate username or impersonate others.
You are responsible for maintaining the security and confidentiality of your account and password.
You are responsible for all actions that occur on your account.
If you notice any unauthorized use of your account, notify Jamf immediately.
Please see Jamf’s Privacy Policy to learn about how we may use the account information that you submit.
If you create an account, you agree that Jamf may send you electronic communications.

Submission of User Content
 Users may post messages, comments, images, content and other materials ("User Content") on this Site and Jamf Nation.
By posting User Content, you represent that you own or have permission to post it.
Your participation on Jamf Nation is governed by these Terms and the Jamf Nation Community Guidelines.
Do not post or upload User Content that:

Is owned by another person, unless you have permission to post it:
Is false or misleading, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, indecent, discriminatory, offensive, harassing, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, inflammatory or otherwise inhibits another’s use or enjoyment of the Site;
Constitutes or encourages criminal activity or violates applicable law;
Infringes any intellectual property or proprietary rights of any party;
Impersonates any person or entity or misrepresents your connection to a person or entity;
Includes unsolicited promotions, advertising or solicitations.
or
Contains viruses, spyware, malware, corrupted data or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files.

Jamf does not review User Content before it is posted.
Jamf is not responsible and assumes no liability for any User Content or other third-party content that appears on this Site or is accessible through links on this Site.
Jamf reserves the right to remove any User Content at any time and for any reason without notice.
You acknowledge that Jamf does not endorse or control User Content and any other third-party content or opinions.
 By posting User Content, you grant Jamf a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, distribute and create derivative works from the User Content or incorporate User Content into any material, media or technology now known or later developed without compensation to you.

Submission of Feature Requests
 You can submit suggestions, recommendations, ideas and feedback about Jamf software, products and services (“Feature Requests”) to Jamf via Jamf Nation.
By posting User Content that includes Feature Requests or submitting a Feature Request through Jamf Nation, you agree that the Feature Request and related intellectual property rights will become the property of Jamf without any compensation or other obligation to you.
You also agree that Jamf may use the Feature Request in any way, including developing products or services that incorporate the Feature Request and creating derivative works from it.
Jamf has no obligation to keep your Feature Request submission confidential, nor does Jamf have an obligation to actually review the Feature Request or add it to any products or services.

Digital Millennium Copyright Notice
 Jamf has registered an agent with the U.S.
Copyright Office as outlined in Title II of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C.A.
section 512) (“DMCA”).
If you believe that content found on this Site infringes upon your copyrighted work, please notify us.
Upon proper and complete notice of an alleged copyright infringement, Jamf will remove or block access to the content, provide notice to the person who posted the content and act as dictated by Title II of the DMCA.
Please send all notices of alleged copyright infringement to:
Copyright Agent Jamf Software LLC 100 Washington Ave., S. Suite 1100 Minneapolis, MN 55401 +1 612-605-6625 legal@jamf.com

Intellectual Property
 All content on the Site is owned by Jamf or its licensors and protected by copyright and intellectual property laws.
Any third-party names, brands or logos use on the Site are the property of their respective owners.
Jamf content, trade names, trademarks and logos may not be used without the prior written permission of Jamf.
Information about Jamf’s compliance with the virtual patent marking provisions of various jurisdictions can be found here.

Privacy

Your use of this Site is governed by Jamf’s Privacy Policy.
Please review the Privacy Policy to learn about our privacy practices and how we may use personal information we collect through the Site.

Disclaimer of Warranty Jamf provides this Site on an “as-is” and “as-available” basis.
We make no warranty or representation about the content on this Site or the operation of this Site, including that any content on this Site will be error free, that defects will be corrected or that access to the Site will be uninterrupted.
Jamf does not warrant that the Site will meet your particular purposes.
Content on the Site may change without notice.
To the fullest extent allowed by applicable law, Jamf disclaims all express and implied warranties, including warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
Jamf makes no representations or warranties about User Content or other content posted by third parties and disclaims all liability for acts and omissions of third parties related to your use of the Site.
You use the Site at your own risk.



Limitation of Liability In no event will Jamf or its successors or assigns be liable for damages of any kind related to or arising out of your use of the Site, including damages to your computer, loss of data, lost time or any direct, indirect, consequential, incidental, special or punitive damages.



Indemnification
 You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Jamf and its officers, directors, employees, affiliates, agents, successors and assigns from and against all claims, losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable legal fees, asserted by third parties and resulting from your use of the Site or any violation of these Terms by you.

Governing Law and Jurisdiction
 These Terms are governed by the laws of the State of Minnesota.
You agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
You agree to waive all defenses or objections to that jurisdiction and venue.

Termination
 You acknowledge and agree that Jamf has sole discretion to terminate your access to this Site.
Jamf will not be liable to you or any third party if we terminate your Site access.
Should you object to any provisions in these Terms, or to any subsequent modifications to them, your only recourse is to discontinue use of this Site.

Jamf Customers
 If you are a current Jamf customer, a separate agreement applies to your use of our software and services.
Please contact your usual Jamf representative if you have questions about your agreement.
Education Customers: In order to receive an education discount on your purchase of Jamf software and/or services, you must be purchasing on behalf of an educational institution that offers a full curriculum and degree.
Educational institutions include colleges, universities and K-12 schools.
When purchasing, you must enter your educational institution name and email address.
Jamf reserves the right to review and cancel orders if you do not meet these education discount requirements.

Contact
 If you have any questions about these Terms, your use of the Site or anything else, please contact us.

Updates to Terms
 Jamf reserves the right to update or modify these Terms at any time.
Any changes to the Terms will be posted here.
Your continued use of the Site after we post updates indicates that you agree to and accept the updated Terms.
Last updated: January 2020 Jamf English 
 English 
 Deutsch (German) 
 Français (French) 
 Español (Spanish) 
 日本語 (Japanese) 
 简体中文 (Chinese) 
 Nederlands (Dutch) 
 Jamf helps organizations succeed with Apple.
By enabling IT to empower end users, we bring the legendary Apple experience to businesses, education and government organizations.
Learn about Jamf.
+1 612-605-6625 info@jamf.com Jamf for Business Jamf for Education Jamf for Healthcare The Jamf Platform 
 Zero-Touch Deployment 
 Identity-Based Access 
 Self Service 
 Application Lifecycle Management 
 Device Management 
 Inventory Management 
 Security Management 
 Threat Prevention &amp.
Remediation 
 Visibility &amp.
Compliance 
 Pricing Support 
 Jamf Pro 
 Jamf Now 
 Jamf School 
 Jamf Connect 
 Jamf Protect Support 
 Services 
 Onboarding 
 Premium Services 
 Jamf Services Policies 
 Training 
 In-Class 
 Online 
 Training Policies 
 Store Resources 
 Events 
 Blog 
 E-Books 
 Case Studies 
 White Papers 
 Partners 
 Marketplace 
 Find a Partner 
 Developers 
 Products 
 Jamf Pro 
 Jamf Now 
 Jamf School 
 Jamf Connect 
 Jamf Private Access 
 Jamf Data Policy 
 Jamf Protect 
 Jamf Threat Defense 
 Jamf Safe Internet 
 Integrations 
 Apple 
 Microsoft 
 Google 
 About 
 Leadership 
 Contact 
 News 
 Press Releases 
 Careers 
 Events 
 Investor Relations 
 Media Kit 
 Trust Center 
 Corporate Responsibility 
 English 
 English 
 Deutsch (German) 
 Français (French) 
 Español (Spanish) 
 日本語 (Japanese) 
 简体中文 (Chinese) 
 Nederlands (Dutch) 
 All contents © copyright 2002-2022 Jamf.
All rights reserved.
Copyright Privacy Terms of Use Trust Modern Slavery Act Statement Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Facebook 
 Back to Top 
      