
        You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.CCI LearningHelpWe provide special pricing for academic customers.Find out more
Home
Our Products
Pricing
Support
Blog
Legal
Login / RegisterPrivacy
CCI Learning Inc., and its subsidiaries (Jasper Learning Inc., CCI Learning Solutions Inc.
and CCI Learning Solutions Inc.
(Arizona), Collectively, “CCI” or “we” or “our”), take privacy, systems integrity and security very seriously and are committed to the highest standards of privacy and data security and compliance with standards, laws and our contractual obligations.
At CCI we follow industry standard policies and local privacy and security laws and regulations in the countries we serve.
Privacy and security of our customers’, our staff and end-users data (especially Personally Identifiable Information) and ability to access and use our services in a secure environment is paramount to us.
CCI and our Services collect, hold, manage and process data including personal information in the capacity of a Controller or Processor as follows:
Controller
An entity that determines the purposes and means of processing of personal data.
In relationship to our web sites or our dealing with customer sales and fulfillment, we act as Controller and are solely responsible for determining the purposes and means of the processing of personal data and are accountable to such persons for which we have asked, accepted or hold personal data.  Our policies and practices governing our collection and maintenance of personal data as Controller are set out in our Privacy Policy
Processor
An entity that processes personal data based on the instructions of a Controller
In relationship to our Software Services such as Jasperactive, we are considered a Processor and we hold or process personal data solely on behalf of and at the direction of the Services’ controller pursuant to a data processing agreement (DPA).  The DPA is a part of our Master Services Agreement and included therewith.

Under a DPA with customers who purchase our Jasperactive Service, we agree to host and manage our Jasperactive Service on behalf of the customer who is considered the Controller of personal information and shall so determine in accordance with their own Privacy Policies, the personal information they record therein and the policies related thereto.
Under a DPA, CCI pledges to only process or host as our customer directs and to maintain security and access to the Service for our customer and any information they so provide to the Service in accordance with our Master Services Agreement.
Data Processing Agreements 

EU General Data Protection Regulation Data Processing Agreement
Washington State – Student Data Privacy Agreement offer (09 01 2019) 

Student Data Privacy Pledge
At CCI, our business is focused on providing superior learning products to our customers who are educational or training institutions, including corporate and government departments that teach or train students.
We support educators and students and their educational needs and their schools’ or educational institutions’ operations and have understand the responsibility for maintaining the strictest policies, processes for the protection of Student Personal Data.
As such in our operations, agreements and policies we undertake to process Student Data in accordance with our Student Privacy Pledge.
Canada Head Office
Langley 200 Business Centre - Suite #180 8621 201st Street Langley, BC
USA Head Office
60 E Rio Salado Parkway, Suite 900​, Tempe, AZ, 85281
Connect with us
Phone
+1 800-668-1669
Emailhello@jasperactive.comWe use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.
If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy Policy

Privacy


End User License Agreement




User Dashboard


Account Settings


Logout


