
        Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online.
PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context.
Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.Information CollectionWhat personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information, IP Address or other details to help you with your experience.When do we collect information?We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or enter information on our site.Information UsageHow do we use your information?We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:

To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
Information ProtectionHow do we protect your information?Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
For your convenience we may store your credit card information kept for more than 60 days in order to expedite future orders, and to automate the billing process.Cookie UsageDo we use ‘cookies’?Yes.
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart.
They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services.
We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.We use cookies to:
Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.

You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies.
You do this through your browser settings.
Since browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, It won’t affect the user’s experience .Third Party DisclosureWe do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.Third-party linksOccasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies.
We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.GoogleGoogle’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles.
They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We have not enabled Google AdSense on our site but we may do so in the future.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.We have implemented the following:We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together
Track traffic to our site.

Opting out: Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page.
Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.California Online Privacy Protection ActCalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy.
The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared.
– See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpufAccording to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:

On our Privacy Policy Page

Can change your personal information:

By logging in to your account
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?It’s also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking.COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control.
The Federal Trade Commission, United States’ consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
Do we let third-parties, including ad networks or plug-ins collect PII from children under 13?
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
We do not consciously collect data or any PII from minors.Fair Information PracticesThe Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe.
Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:We will notify you via email

Within 7 business days

We will notify the users via in-site notification

Within 1 business day

We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law.
This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.CAN SPAM ActThe CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
Send you additional information related to your product and/or service
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.



To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.



If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can
Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Data RetentionAll customer data on servers are removed when service has been canceled either immediately or at end of billing period.Customer profile information in the billing system is archived when account becomes inactive within 30 days.
Customers have access to this account at any time in the future.Information removalYou can send a request to remove your personal profile/identifiable information from our servers and it will be actioned within 7 working days.
Transactional data, will be retained for billing, legal and accounting purposes.
We do not have access to your information that is passed through Facebook or Twitter, and hence, you have to ‘unfollow’ or remove JavaPipe’s pages/accounts on any Social media.
Any messages or posts shared here are public and searchable.External Services and your data:We are not changing either existing products or the way JavaPipe allows you to use our services.
To better serve you, we collect your email and other personally identifiable information only for products and services.
Your information is not sold to any third party
While your information is not shared publicly, if you purchase a domain through our services, lookup through common search engines will display any registered information through the external vendor.
The external services that might be used by JavaPipe include :

1) Enom : This is a domain registration system, and any domains registered through JavaPipe are processed via Enom.
For this purpose, your email address and other relevant information is shared with Enom.
Your address details are forwarded for domain registration and transfers, and it might be displayed publicly whenever someone does a WHOIS on the domain, unless ID protection is selected.

 2) Intercom : JavaPipe uses an interactive chat and support system .
This enables us to provide live support and better help our clients.
Your name and email address are shared with intercom to make your browsing experience at JavaPipe better.

3) WHMCS : We use a billing and support system to manage our clients.
When you sign up and register, your data is used by this system, but is not passed on to WHMCS externally.
This is stored in an encrypted internal database.

4) Facebook : If you use our services and ‘like’ or share our posts/page/services through Facebook, we collect that information.
This information is not shared with any third party, but is used by JavaPipe for communication or support.

5) Facebook Chat/Messenger : When you communicate via message through Facebook’s applications, we respond to you through the same platform.
We do not collect your data, but any chat histories and questions remain, unless specifically instructed by you for removal.GDPR Update and IntroductionThe 
EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”)
 comes into force across the European Union on 25th May 2018 and brings with it the most significant changes to data protection law in two decades.
Based on privacy by design and taking a risk-based approach, the GDPR has been designed to meet the requirements of the digital age.
The 21st Century brings with it broader use of technology, new definitions of what constitutes personal data, and a vast increase in cross-border processing.
The new Regulation aims to standardise data protection laws and processing across the EU.
affording individuals stronger, more consistent rights to access and control their personal information.Our Commitment
JavaPipe is committed to ensuring the security and protection of the personal information that we process, and to provide a compliant and consistent approach to data protection.
We have always had a robust and effective data protection program in place which complies with existing law and abides by the data protection principles.
However, we recognise our obligations in updating and expanding this program to meet the demands of GDPR.

JavaPipe is dedicated to safeguarding the personal information under our remit and in developing a data protection regime that is effective, fit for purpose and demonstrates an understanding of, and appreciation for the new Regulation.
Our preparation and objectives for GDPR compliance have been summarised in this statement and include the development and implementation of new data protection roles, policies, procedures, controls and measures to ensure maximum and ongoing compliance.How We are Preparing for the GDPR
You own all your data and will continue owning it.
We only use your profile information for records within our billing system and support desk, or to communicate with you.
Your profile data is completely safe and not sold or shared with any third party.
We will offer additional controls to limit access or remove data except where required for accounting or legal purposes.
You are responsible for your personal profile information and data being shared on the JavaPipe Facebook page or Twitter, we do NOT sell or use your data to any third party.
Your profile data can be used by JavaPipe for metrics or communication about JavaPipe updates/products or marketing purposes.
You can opt out of our Marketing emails by going to your profile and disabling it there.


JavaPipe already has a consistent level of data protection and security across our organisation, however it is our aim to be fully compliant with the GDPR by 25th May 2018.

Our preparation includes: –





Information Audit – carrying out a company-wide information audit to identify and assess what personal information we hold, where it comes from, how and why it is processed and if and to whom it is disclosed.

Policies &amp.
Procedures – revising data protection policies and procedures to meet the requirements and standards of the GDPR and any relevant data protection laws, including: –



Data Protection
 – our main policy and procedure document for data protection has been overhauled to meet the standards and requirements of the GDPR.
Accountability and governance measures are in place to ensure that we understand and adequately disseminate and evidence our obligations and responsibilities.
with a dedicated focus on privacy by design and the rights of individuals.


Data Retention &amp.
Erasure 
– we have updated our retention policy and schedule to ensure that we meet the ‘data minimisation’ and ‘storage limitation’ principles and that personal information is stored, archived and destroyed compliantly and ethically.
We have dedicated erasure procedures in place to meet the new ‘Right to Erasure’ obligation and are aware of when this and other data subject’s rights apply.
along with any exemptions, response timeframes and notification responsibilities.


Data Breaches –
 our breach procedures ensure that we have safeguards and measures in place to identify, assess, investigate and report any personal data breach at the earliest possible time.
Our procedures are robust and have been disseminated to all employees, making them aware of the reporting lines and steps to follow.


International Data Transfers &amp.
Third-Party Disclosures
 – where JavaPipe stores or transfers personal information outside the EU, we have robust procedures and safeguarding measures in place to secure, encrypt and maintain the integrity of the data.
Our procedures include a continual review of the countries with sufficient adequacy decisions, as well as provisions for binding corporate rules.
standard data protection clauses or approved codes of conduct for those countries without.
We carry out strict due diligence checks with all recipients of personal data to assess and verify that they have appropriate safeguards in place to protect the information, ensure enforceable data subject rights and have effective legal remedies for data subjects where applicable.


Subject Access Request (SAR) – 
we have revised our SAR procedures to accommodate the revised 30-day timeframe for providing the requested information and for making this provision free of charge.
Our new procedures detail how to verify the data subject, what steps to take for processing an access request, what exemptions apply and a suite of response templates to ensure that communications with data subjects are compliant, consistent and adequate.


Legal Basis for Processing – we are reviewing all processing activities to identify the legal basis for processing and ensuring that each basis is appropriate for the activity it relates to.
Where applicable, we also maintain records of our processing activities, ensuring that our obligations under Article 30 of the GDPR and Schedule 1 of the Data Protection Bill are met.

Privacy Notice/Policy – we have revised our Privacy Notice(s) to comply with the GDPR, ensuring that all individuals whose personal information we process have been informed of why we need it, how it is used, what their rights are, who the information is disclosed to and what safeguarding measures are in place to protect their information.

Obtaining Consent – we have revised our consent mechanisms for obtaining personal data, ensuring that individuals understand what they are providing, why and how we use it and giving clear, defined ways to consent to us processing their information.
We have developed stringent processes for recording consent, making sure that we can evidence an affirmative opt-in, along with time and date records.
and an easy to see and access way to withdraw consent at any time.

Direct Marketing – we have revised the wording and processes for direct marketing, including clear opt-in mechanisms for marketing subscriptions.
a clear notice and method for opting out and providing unsubscribe features on all subsequent marketing materials.

Data Protection Impact Assessments (DPIA) – where we process personal information that is considered high risk, involves large scale processing or includes special category/criminal conviction data.
we have developed stringent procedures and assessment templates for carrying out impact assessments that comply fully with the GDPR’s Article 35 requirements.
We have implemented documentation processes that record each assessment, allow us to rate the risk posed by the processing activity and implement mitigating measures to reduce the risk posed to the data subject(s).





Processor Agreements – where we use any third-party to process personal information on our behalf (i.e.
Payroll, Recruitment, Hosting etc), we have drafted compliant Processor Agreements and due diligence procedures for ensuring that they (as well as we), meet and understand their/our GDPR obligations.
These measures include initial and ongoing reviews of the service provided, the necessity of the processing activity, the technical and organisational measures in place and compliance with the GDPR.




Special Categories Data
 – where we obtain and process any special category information, we do so in complete compliance with the Article 9 requirements and have high-level encryptions and protections on all such data.
Special category data is only processed where necessary and is only processed where we have first identified the appropriate Article 9(2) basis or the Data Protection Bill Schedule 1 condition.
Where we rely on consent for processing, this is explicit and is verified by a signature, with the right to modify or remove consent being clearly signposted.
Data Subject RightsIn addition to the policies and procedures mentioned above that ensure individuals can enforce their data protection rights, we provide easy to access information via on our website and on signing up of an individual’s right to access any personal information that JavaPipe processes about them and to request information about: –

What personal data we hold about them
The purposes of the processing
The categories of personal data concerned
The recipients to whom the personal data has/will be disclosed
How long we intend to store your personal data for
If we did not collect the data directly from them, information about the source
The right to have incomplete or inaccurate data about them corrected or completed and the process for requesting this
The right to request erasure of personal data (where applicable) or to restrict processing in accordance with data protection laws, as well as to object to any direct marketing from us and to be informed about any automated decision-making that we use
The right to lodge a complaint or seek judicial remedy and who to contact in such instances
Information Security &amp.
Technical and Organisational Measures
JavaPipe takes the privacy and security of individuals and their personal information very seriously and take every reasonable measure and precaution to protect and secure the personal data that we process.
We have robust information security policies and procedures in place to protect personal information from unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction and have several layers of security measures, including: –
User authentication, SSL, Password protected logins.
Encryption and secure practices.GDPR Roles and Employees
JavaPipe have designated information@javapipe.com as our contact mail box and have appointed a data privacy team to develop and implement our roadmap for complying with the new data protection Regulation.
The team are responsible for promoting awareness of the GDPR across the organisation, assessing our GDPR readiness, identifying any gap areas and implementing the new policies, procedures and measures.

JavaPipe understands that continuous employee awareness and understanding is vital to the continued compliance of the GDPR and have involved our employees in our preparation plans.
We have implemented an employee training program specific to the which will be provided to all employees prior to May 25th, 2018, and forms part of our induction and annual training program.
If you have any questions about our preparation for the GDPR, please contact information@javapipe.com
Contacting UsIf there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
JavaPipe LLC
12180 South 300 East #502
Draper, Utah 84020
USA
information@javapipe.com
