
         <iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-5P98" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe&gt.
Website Terms of Use
Version 2.1, last updated: October 27, 2020
 PLEASE READ THE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE.
BY ACCESSING AND USING THE SITE IN ANY WAY, INCLUDING BROWSING THE SITE, USING ANY INFORMATION, CONTENT, OR SERVICES, DOWNLOADING ANY SOFTWARE OR FILES, OR PLACING ORDERS FOR PRODUCTS, YOU ARE ENTERING INTO A LEGAL AGREEMENT WITH JETBRAINS AND HEREBY AGREE TO ABIDE BY THESE TERMS.

 IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THESE TERMS OF USE, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITE IN ANY WAY.
THE TERMS OF USE ARE A BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN JETBRAINS AND YOU.
IF YOU USE THE SITE ON BEHALF OF AN EMPLOYER, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE AUTHORIZED TO ACCEPT THESE TERMS OF USE ON BEHALF OF YOUR EMPLOYER.

 "JetBrains Website" or "Website" means any website that is the property of JetBrains s.r.o., with offices at Na Hřebenech II 1718/10, 140 00 Prague, Czech Republic, or its Affiliates ("JetBrains" or "we"), including but not limited to everything hosted under the domains listed at https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/websites/.
“Affiliates” are companies controlling, controlled by, or under common control with JetBrains s.r.o.

 Via Website, JetBrains makes a number of resources available to you, including information, software, products, downloads, documents, communications, files, text, graphics, publications, content, tools, and services such as technical support.

 JetBrains reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, add, or remove any part of these Terms of Use at any time without prior notice to you.
We may, at our discretion, choose to notify those subscribed to our newsletters and RSS feeds of such changes.
However, it is up to you to check these Terms of Use for changes.
Continuing to use Website after the changes to the Terms of Use have been posted will constitute your acceptance of those changes.

Visitor Conduct
 In using Website, including all software, services, and resources available through it, you agree that:

 a) You will not use Website in any way that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any JetBrains server, or the network(s) connected to any JetBrains server (including linked sites), or interfere with any other visitors’ use and enjoyment of Website.

 b) You will not upload, email, or otherwise transmit via Website any potentially destructive, disruptive, or otherwise harmful programs, files, or code, including viruses, Trojan horses, worms, cancelbots, time bombs, or any other form or designation of files or programs that may damage, impair, or alter the operation of a computer or network that is the property of JetBrains or any third party.

 c) You will not attempt to disrupt or interfere with the security, integrity, or availability of, or otherwise cause harm to, Website and/or its content and its content delivery, any resources provided for Website visitors, user or administrator accounts, passwords, servers, or any networks connected to Website or accessible through it.
The same applies to any linked websites.

 d) You will not attempt to gain unauthorized access to services, materials, visitor information, visitors’ accounts, computer systems, or networks connected to any JetBrains server or to Website, through hacking, password mining, or any other means.
You will not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available via Website.

 e) You will not use false identity information when registering for subscriptions, downloads, or product licenses.

 f) You will not remotely harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including email addresses, nor will you use email addresses published on Website for the purpose of sending any type of unsolicited email communication with disguised or falsified origin.

 g) If you choose to post a comment, your user name, city, and any other information that you choose to post will be visible to the public.
JetBrains is neither responsible nor liable for the privacy of any information that you choose to post to its websites, including in its blogs, or for the accuracy of any information contained in those postings.
Any information that you disclose publicly becomes public information.
JetBrains cannot prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate these terms, the law, or your personal privacy.
This personal data will be stored and processed until the deletion, in each instance, of posted information.

International Access
 Website can be accessed from most countries around the world.
Website content may contain references to JetBrains products, services, documents, promotions, or other resources that are not available in your country.
These references do not imply that JetBrains intends to make such resources available in your country.

 Website is hosted and offered from inside the EU.
JetBrains makes no claim or representation that Website, or any resources available through it, are appropriate to or made available for locations outside the European Union.
If Website or any of the resources it makes available are illegal in your locality, DO NOT USE WEBSITE.
If you access Website from a location outside the European Union, you are responsible for compliance with all applicable local laws.

Personal Data
 In connection with your use of Website, JetBrains and its associated companies may process your personal data for the following purposes:

 a) To provide you with software, services, or information.
for this purpose, (i) your username, contact details, and information from your posts, (ii) IP address and user environment data, and (iii) data collected by cookies or other tracking technologies will be used.

 b) To protect JetBrains from piracy and unlawful use of JetBrains software or services.
for this purpose, mainly (i) IP address and environment data and (ii) data collected by cookies or other tracking technologies (including clear GIFs, pixel tags, and other technologies) will be used.

 c) To improve JetBrains offerings based on usage.
for this purpose, mainly (i) your username, contact details, and information from your posts, (ii) IP address and environment data, and (iii) data collected by cookies or other tracking technologies (including clear GIFs, pixel tags, and other technologies) will be used.

 d) For JetBrains’ internal evidence and to protect the rights and interests of JetBrains and other users.
for this purpose, mainly (i) data collected by cookies or other tracking technologies and (ii) audit records, application logs, weblogs, and/or backups will be used.

 e) To promote and market JetBrains software and services.
for this purpose, mainly (i) your username, contact details, and information from your posts, (ii) IP address and environment data, and (iii) data collected by cookies or other tracking technologies (incl.
clear GIFs, pixel tags, other similar technologies, and third-party cookies) will be used.

 f) To provide third parties with information about your use of Website.
for this purpose, mainly data collected by cookies or other tracking technologies will be used.

 g) To fulfil legal duties stipulated by accounting, taxation, and other laws.

 Further, third parties listed in the Privacy Policy will process your personal data, in particular data about your usage of Website, to promote and market JetBrains software and services.

 You may object to the processing of your personal data for purposes b) to e) at any time.

 You may also withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data at any time when the processing is done based on consent.
The withdrawal of your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing done before such withdrawal.

 More detailed information about personal data processing for the aforementioned purposes, and about your rights, can be found in the remainder of these Terms of Use and in the Privacy Policy.

IP address and user environment data
 Weblogs that may be generated during your use of Website may include information about IP addresses used to access website services, the browser, and/or operating environment, Uniform Resource Locators (URLs) used to access website services, and/or other information.
No personal data is kept in logs for more than 30 days.

Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
 We, and our third-party service providers, use cookies and other tracking technologies ("Cookies") on our Website and within our products or services (collectively our "Site").
See below for more information about these technologies.

 We use Cookies to identify you when you visit our Site, to deliver our products and services to you, to provide you with services when you browse our Site, and to improve our Site and the services that we provide ("Service Purposes").
With your consent, we may also use Cookies for analytics purposes and for targeted advertising ("Commercial Purposes").
Any personal data collected by these technologies will be stored and processed for no longer than 1 year.

YOUR CONSENT / WITHDRAWING CONSENT
 You acknowledge that the Site will use Cookies as explained above for the Service Purposes.
If you provide us with your consent to use Cookies also for Commercial Purposes, then you can withdraw your consent at any time by visiting www.jetbrains.com/opt-out/.

 If you do not wish Cookies to be stored on your device in connection with your use of this Site, you must stop using the Site and disable Cookies via your browser settings for the Site or globally (see below).
Please note that disabling Cookies will affect the functionality of our Site and may prevent you from being able to access certain features of our Site, products, or services.
For further information about deleting or blocking Cookies, please visit: http://www.aboutcookies.org/how-to-delete-cookies/.

MORE ABOUT THE TECHNOLOGIES WE USE

Cookies. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or on the hard drive of your computer.
Unless you have adjusted your browser’s settings so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies as soon as you visit our Site.
There are two types of cookies:


Persistent cookies: These cookies remain on a user’s device for the period of time specified in the cookie.
They are activated each time the user visits the website that created that particular cookie.


Session cookies: These cookies allow website operators to link the actions of a user during a browser session.
A browser session starts when a user opens the browser window and finishes when they close the browser window.
Session cookies are created temporarily.
Once you close the browser, all session cookies are deleted.

 Cookies can be either first-party or third-party cookies.
Whether a cookie is first-party or third-party depends on which domain placed the cookie.


First-party cookies are those placed by a website being visited by the user at the time (for example, cookies placed by us).
Cookies placed by JetBrains are used when you create an account, identify yourself using a JetBrains Account, purchase products using our e-store, or use any of our services, including (but not limited to) our issue tracker, blogs and discussions forums, signing up for our newsletter, and so on.
At times we may also use Cookies for testing out new features of our Website and/or web-based services with a subset of our audience.


Third-party cookies are cookies that are set by a domain other than that of the website being visited by the user.
If a user visits a website and another entity sets a cookie through that website, this would be a third-party cookie.


Clear GIFs, pixel tags, and other similar technologies. Clear GIFs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies.
In contrast to cookies, which are stored on your computer's hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on web pages.
We may use clear GIFs (a.k.a.
web beacons, web bugs, or pixel tags), in connection with our Website to, among other things, track the activities of Website visitors, help us manage content, and compile statistics about Website usage.
We and our third-party service providers also use clear GIFs in HTML emails to our customers, to help us track email response rates, identify when our emails are viewed, and track whether our emails are forwarded.

HOW TO DELETE AND BLOCK OUR COOKIES
 You can block Cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some Cookies.
However, if you use your browser settings to block all Cookies (including Cookies that are essential for the Site to work), you may not be able to access all or parts of our Site.

WHAT COOKIES DO WE USE AND WHY?
 Generally, our Site uses Cookies to distinguish you from other users of our Site.
The Cookies used on our Site, regardless of whether they are used for service purposes or commercial purposes, are categorized as follows:

 a) Strictly necessary

 b) Performance

 c) Functionality

 d) Targeting


'Strictly Necessary' – These Cookies let you move around the Site and use essential features like secure areas.
Without these Cookies, we cannot provide the requested services.
We use Strictly Necessary Cookies to:

 a) Identify you as being logged in to our Site and to authenticate you.

 b) Make sure you connect to the right service on our Site when we make any changes to the way the Site works.

 c) For security purposes.

 Accepting these Cookies is a condition of using the Site, so if you block these Cookies, the Site may not work correctly and we may not be able to provide our services and products to you.


'Performance' – These Cookies collect information about how you use our Site, for example, which pages you visit, and if you experience any errors.
Performance Cookies do not collect any information that could identify you, and are only used to help us improve how our Site works, understand what interests our users, and measure the effectiveness of our advertising.
We use Performance Cookies to:

 a) Carry out web analytics – provide statistics on how our Site is used.

 b) Obtain data on the number of Site users that have viewed a product.

 c) Help us improve the Site by registering any errors that occur.

 d) Test different designs for the Site.

 Some of our Performance Cookies are managed for us by third parties.
We do not allow such third parties to use these Cookies for any purposes other than those listed above.


'Functionality' Cookies – These are used to provide products or services or to remember settings to improve your visit.
We use Functionality Cookies for such purposes as:

 a) Remembering settings you've applied, such as layout, text size, language, preferences, and colors.

 b) Remembering if we've already asked you whether you want to fill in a survey.

 c) Remembering if you have engaged with a particular component or product list on the Site so that it isn’t shown again unnecessarily.

 d) Showing you when you're logged in to the Site.

 e) Providing and showing embedded video content.

 Some of these Cookies are managed for us by third parties.
We do not allow such third parties to use these Cookies for any purposes other than those listed above.


'Targeting' Cookies – Targeting Cookies are used to track your visit to our Site and other websites, including the pages you have visited and the links you have followed, which allows third parties to display targeted ads to you on the websites you visit.

 We and our third-party service providers use Targeting Cookies to:

 a) Link to social networks, like Facebook, that may subsequently use information about your visit to our website in order to provide advertising or other offers that may be of interest to you when you visit other websites.

 b) Provide third parties with information on your visit so that they can present you with advertisements or other offers that may be of interest to you.

 If you are in the EU, you may opt-out of certain third-party Cookies that we and other websites may use for targeting, via http://www.youronlinechoices.eu or www.aboutads.info.
Opting out of one or more ad networks only means that members of those particular ad networks will no longer deliver targeted content or ads to you.
It does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content or ads on our websites or other third-party websites.
If your browser is configured to reject Cookies when you visit one of the aforementioned opt-out pages, and you later erase your Cookies, use a different computer, or change web browsers, your preference may no longer be active.
Since all of these Cookies are managed by third parties, you should refer to the third parties' own website privacy notifications and policies for further information (see below for more information about the particular targeting Cookies used on our Site).

 Users in the United States may opt out of many third-party ad networks.
For example, you may go to the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") Consumer Choice Page for information on opting out of interest-based advertising, and available choices regarding having your information used by DAA companies.
You may also go to the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") Consumer Opt-Out Page for information on opting out of interest-based advertising, and available choices regarding having your information used by NAI members.

 Opting out of one or more of the companies listed on the DAA Consumer Choice Page or the NAI Consumer Opt-Out Page will opt you out from those companies’ delivery of interest-based content or ads to you, but it does not mean you will no longer receive any advertising through our Site or on other websites.
You may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website that you are viewing (i.e., context-based ads).
Also, note that if your browsers are configured to reject Cookies when you opt out on the DAA or NAI websites, your opt-out may not be effective.
Additional information is available on the DAA's website at www.aboutads.info and on the NAI's website at www.networkadvertising.org.

DO NOT TRACK
 Currently, our systems do not recognize browser "do-not-track" requests.
You may, however, disable certain tracking by disabling cookies in your browser.
However, by doing so we cannot guarantee the correct behavior of the services we provide to you.

LINKS
 At times, JetBrains websites and/or JetBrains software products may contain links to other external (non-JetBrains) sites.
JetBrains is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such linked websites.

Use of Website Content
 Unless specifically indicated elsewhere on Website, you may view, download, and print Website content subject to the following conditions:

 a) The rights granted to you for use of Website content constitute a license and not a transfer of title.

 b) You may use Website content only for personal, organizational, and informational purposes.

 c) You may not remove any copyright or other proprietary notices displayed or contained in Website content.

 d) You may not modify or alter Website content in any way.

 e) You may not distribute, sell, lease, rent, or relicense Website content to others.

 f) JetBrains reserves the exclusive right to revoke authorization to view, download, print, or otherwise use Website content at any time, and you shall discontinue such use immediately upon notice from JetBrains.

Uploading Content
 As part of Website’s functionality and within JetBrains’ products or services, JetBrains may provide you with the option to upload data to Website for further use by JetBrains, including in the provision of support to you for JetBrains products and services.

 Without JetBrains’ written permission, you may not:
 a) upload other data than as requested or required by JetBrains;
 b) upload data containing computer viruses, worms, malware, data restricted by legislation, or data otherwise containing anything of a malicious nature.
or
 c) upload any files which could cause harm to JetBrains or its Website, customers, facilities, or any equipment that JetBrains uses.
Use of Software
 The software and accompanying documentation that is available for download from Website is the copyrighted and/or patented work of JetBrains and/or its suppliers.
Use of the software is governed by the terms of the subscription agreement included with such downloaded software.
You will not be able to install any software that is accompanied by or subject to a subscription agreement unless you agree to the terms of the subscription agreement.

 If no subscription agreement accompanies the software, and no other license governs the use of the software, then use of the software will be governed by these Terms of Use.
You agree that you will not decompile, reverse-engineer, or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the software available on Website, unless a license or applicable law specifically authorizes you to do so.
Intellectual Property Rights and Licenses
 Website content, including software and related documentation, as well as the structure of Website, is protected by copyright, trademark, patent, and other intellectual property laws.
Unauthorized use of Website content may violate such laws and these Terms of Use.

 Except as expressly stated in this document, JetBrains and its suppliers do not grant any express or implied rights to use Website content.
You agree not to copy, republish, embed, download, transmit, modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, assign, distribute, license, sublicense, reverse engineer, or create derivative works based on Website, and/or its content (including downloaded software or other products), except as expressly authorized in these Terms of Use.
Also, you agree not to use any data mining, robots, or similar data harvesting and extraction methods in connection with Website.

Liability of Limitation, Disclaimer
a) THE SITE AND ASSOCIATED FUNCTIONALITIES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES.
USE OF THE JETBRAINS SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK, AND JETBRAINS MAKES NO WARRANTY AS TO ITS USE OR PERFORMANCE.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, JETBRAINS, AS WELL AS ITS SUPPLIERS AND RESELLERS, DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, WITH REGARD TO THE JETBRAINS SITE AND THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SUPPORT SERVICES.

 b) TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL JETBRAINS (OR ITS AFFILIATES, AGENTS, DIRECTORS, OR EMPLOYEES), OR JETBRAINS’ LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS, OR RESELLERS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR: (A) ANY LOSS OF USE, DATA, GOODWILL, OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT FORESEEABLE.
(B) ANY LOSS OR DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH THE TERMINATION OR SUSPENSION OF YOUR ACCESS TO THE JETBRAINS SITE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THESE TERMS, OR (C) ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF THESE DAMAGES), INCLUDING THOSE (X) RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT FORESEEABLE, (Y) BASED ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING BREACH OF CONTRACT OR WARRANTY, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, OR (Z) ARISING FROM ANY OTHER CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF OR ACCESS TO THE JETBRAINS SITE.
THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION.

 c) OUR TOTAL LIABILITY IN ANY MATTER ARISING OUT OF OR IN RELATION TO THESE TERMS IS LIMITED TO FIVE (5) US DOLLARS.
THIS LIMITATION WILL APPLY EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF LIABILITY EXCEEDING SUCH AMOUNT AND NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY.

Use of Trademarks
 The trademarks and logos ("Marks") displayed on the Site are the property of JetBrains or third parties.
You may not use Marks without the prior written consent of JetBrains or (as applicable) the third-party owner of the Marks.

 You may use JetBrains Marks and logo images ("Logos") under the following conditions:

 a) You may not alter Logos in any way except for pixel dimensions, which must always be in the same proportions as the original image provided via Website.
All Marks in reduced-size Logos must remain clearly identifiable and legible.

 b) You may not create links on any other site connecting directly to the Logo image files on the Site.

 c) You may not use Logos in any manner that represents or implies any affiliation with or endorsement by JetBrains when no such affiliation or endorsement has been formally established in writing with JetBrains.

 d) You must comply with the further requirements specified in the JetBrains Brand Guidelines.

 JetBrains reserves the right to determine what constitutes improper or inappropriate use of JetBrains Marks and Logos, and you agree to correct improper/inappropriate use of JetBrains Marks and Logos, or to cease use of the same, upon notification from JetBrains.

