
We, the Jimdo GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “Jimdo” or “we”) via this Privacy Policy wish to hereby inform Jimdo users and visitors of our websites as to the purpose, type and extent of the processing of personal information.
The responsible body for this data processing within the meaning of the European General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (GDPR) is the Jimdo GmbH, Stresemannstrasse 375, 22761 Hamburg, Germany (privacy@jimdo.com).
Our websites and services are constantly being revised and improved.
Corresponding thereto, this Privacy Policy shall regularly be revised and updated.
This applies in particular to those procedures used by us to carry out usage analysis, as well as those used to measure the effectiveness of advertising methods and comparable services, in particular those belonging to third parties.
The current status of each of these services can be found in the tabulation located at the end of this Privacy Policy statement.
We would also like to note the following as regards to the usage of service providers located outside of the European Union: Jimdo is a service that is offered internationally.
Thus, it extends not only beyond the federal republic of Germany, but also beyond the European Union.
We operate worldwide and our users are scattered across this planet.
Generally we give priority to European service providers when selecting particular services and service offerings, especially where such providers can deliver the required services at a comparable and competitive price and service level.
However, we also wish to be completely transparent.
For many of the services that we use there is simply no comparable, acceptable alternative.
As a result we therefore employ the use of a range of service providers outside the European Union, in particular from the USA.
We take steps to ensure that measures according to European Data Protection law are taken and applied so as to guarantee an adequate level of data protection.Usage of Personal DataWe collect, process and use personal data (in accordance with the definitions of the German Federal Data Processing Law) and the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in order to provide our services.
The promotion of our products and provision of information as regards product functions etc.
to Jimdo Users as well as other interested parties is a natural component thereof.
The scope of the processing of the personal data concerned depends on whether our websites are merely being visited or alternatively being used by a Jimdo User or more specifically if a registration as a user takes place.Children’s PrivacyOur websites are generally accessible websites and not intended for children.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from users who are considered to be children under their respective national laws.The processing of personal dataThe Purposes of Processing by JimdoJimdo uses the personal data of the Jimdo user to perform and implement the contract with the Jimdo user and to provide our services (Art.
6 (1) (b) GDPR) in order to comply with our legal obligations (Art.
6 (1) (c) GDPR) or to protect the vital interests of the Jimdo user (Art.
6 (1) (d) GDPR).
This includes the following cases:

to ensure access to and use of our services (including billing), in particular publishing adverts and other content of the user, to measure and improve the quality and success of our services, to safeguard our services and ensure they are operational, and to adapt the services and the content of the website to what the Jimdo user might like on the basis of actions taken by them;
to contact the Jimdo user regarding their account by email, fax or live chat, to deal with problems with the account, to resolve disputes, to enforce the collection of fees, or to provide other necessary customer services;
to detect, prevent and investigate fraud, security breaches and other potential prohibited or illegal activities;
to enforce our Terms of Service, this Privacy Policy or other policies.

We only use the personal data of the Jimdo user in pursuit of our legitimate interests, provided these interests are not overridden by the interests, fundamental rights and freedoms of the Jimdo user (Art.
6 (1) (f) GDPR).
We have introduced control mechanisms in order to balance our interests with the rights of the Jimdo user.
On the basis of these principles, we use the data as follows:

to improve our services, for example by reviewing information related to blocked or crashed pages so we can identify and fix problems and provide a better user experience;
to monitor and improve the information security of our services;
for advertising/marketing purposes – the legal basis for this is Art.
13 (2) of EU Directive 2002/58/EC.
Our interests in addressing needs-based advertising is considered legitimate within the meaning of the aforementioned provision:
to personalize, measure and improve our advertising based on what the Jimdo user might potentially like;
for the purposes of direct marketing to contact the Jimdo user within the scope of the applicable law by email or post in order to offer coupons, discounts and special offers, to ask their opinion by sending surveys or questionnaires, and to inform the Jimdo user about our services;
to provide the Jimdo user with targeted marketing, service updates and promotions that they might potentially like;
to verify the quality and success of our email marketing campaigns (for example by analyzing opening and click rates).



With the consent of the Jimdo user (Art.
6 (1) (a) GDPR) we may use their personal data:

to provide advertising by email;
to provide advertising from third parties.

We limit the amount of personal data we share to what is directly relevant and necessary to achieve the stated purpose.
More information about data processing in the newsletter and information about withdrawing consent can be found in this Privacy Policy under “Newsletter and Measuring the Success of the Newsletter”.What Information do we Save?Information provided by the Jimdo user when creating an account and entering into a contract with Jimdo:When registering for a Jimdo website, it is necessary to provide an email address and password and to create a user account.
The username can be published as part of the system-generated subdomain or web address.
The email address is used, among other things, to send notifications about the Jimdo website to the Jimdo user.
These include e.g.
credentials, announcements, information, etc.
For certain fee-based packages and/or certain functions, e.g.
the shop, the input of further contact information and payment information is necessary.
The exact data that is collected in each specific case can be reviewed via the respective input forms.
A deletion of the user account is possible at any time and can be carried out by the user directly in their user account or via sending a message to Jimdo (privacy@jimdo.com).
Legal basis: Article 6 (1) (b) GDPRSign-in with Facebook and Google+Facebook ConnectIf a Jimdo user has a Facebook profile, they can visit our website to create a user account or to register using the social plugin "Facebook Connect" of the social network Facebook, published by Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA ("Facebook"), under the so-called single sign-on technique.Google+Any Jimdo user that has a Google+ account may create a customer account or register using the social plug-in "Google+ Sign-In" of the social network Google+, published by Google Ireland Limited, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland ("Google+"), as part of the so-called single sign-on technology.The Data Processing via Single Sign-OnWhen the page visitor visits a page of our website that contains such a plugin, his browser establishes a direct connection to the Facebook or the Google+ servers.
The content of the plugin is transmitted by Facebook or Google+ directly to the browser and integrated into the page.
Through this integration, Facebook or Google+ receives the information that the browser has accessed the corresponding page of our website, even if the visitor / user does not have a Facebook or Google+ profile or is currently not logged in to those profiles.
This information (including the IP address) is transmitted by the browser directly to a Facebook or Google+ server in the USA and stored there.

Legal Basis:

These data processing operations are carried out in accordance with Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR based on the legitimate interest of Facebook or Google+ in the display of personalized advertising based on the surfing behavior.
Jimdo shall receive access to the general and public accessible information stored in the respective Facebook/Google+ profile (depending on the personal data settings of the user’s Facebook/Google+ profile), if the user, prior to the registration process provides their express consent to Facebook/Google+, in accordance with Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR.
This information can include the user ID, name, profile picture and age.
The data provided by Facebook/Google+ are stored and processed by us to create a user account for the Jimdo user.
We only use the data that are necessary to create a user account and only if they have been released by the user via Facebook/Google+.
This can include a salutation, first name, last name, address data, country, email address.
Conversely, based on the user’s Facebook/Google+ profile, consent, data (such as information about browsing or buying behavior) may be transmitted by us to Facebook/Google+.
Where the user deletes this data or removes permission for Jimdo to receive this data via Facebook or Google+, Jimdo shall immediately block the webpage that has been created with the data and in accordance with the deletion note below, delete the data where no statutory obligations prevent the deletion.
Facebook Inc.
and Google LLC agree to uphold the data protection measures and standards set out in the EU Standard Contractual Model Clauses.
The purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Facebook/Google+ as well as the related rights and setting options for the protection of privacy can be found in Facebook's Privacy Policy / or in the Google+ Privacy Policy.
If the user does not want Facebook/Google+ to directly associate the data collected via our website with their Facebook/Google+ profile, they must first log out of Facebook/Google+ before visiting our website.
The visitor can completely prevent the loading of the Facebook/Google+ plugins with add-ons for the browser, e.g.
with "Adblock Plus".Use of Payment Service ProvidersJimdo processes payments made by the Jimdo user via the following payment service providers:

Paypal, PayPal (Europe) S.a.r.l.
et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg.
Stripe, Stripe Payments Europe Ltd, Block 4, Harcourt Centre, Harcourt Road, Dublin 2, Ireland.
Global Collect, Global Collect Service B.V., Planetenweg 43 - 59, 2132 HM Hoofddorp, The Netherlands.

In order to process payments certain data from your order has to be transmitted to the payment processor/provider and the exact details shall depend on the payment method chosen by the Jimdo user.
The transmitted data is limited to what is strictly necessary in order for the payment to be carried out and can include the user’s name, address, bank account number, bank identification code, credit card number, invoice amount, currency and the transaction number.
The legal basis for this processing is: Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR.
The relevant privacy policies of the various payment processors as well as further information to your rights in relation to the processing can be found in the table at the end of this Privacy Policy.Information (Log-Information) regarding the Use of a Jimdo WebsiteWhen users are logged into their Jimdo website, the Jimdo server automatically collects and composes an activity log which logs the general way in which Jimdo is used.
This log includes information regarding the activity (including used storage space, number of logins, etc.), statistical data (such as e.g.
browser type, date and time of access, cookies id and referrer URL) as well as the IP address of the Jimdo-user.
However, it does not track what changes have been made to a Jimdo page.
For example, when and where content has been created, modified or deleted on the website.
When you visit a Jimdo website (jimdo.com, your own Jimdo site, or websites of Jimdo users), the Jimdo server automatically saves the information that your browser sends whenever you visit that site.
This information includes your request, IP address, browser type and language, and the date and time of your request.
All of the above information is used for analyzing and maintaining the technical operation of the servers and network as well as assisting our anti-abuse measures as a whole, pursuant to Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR and our legitimate interest in improving the stability and functionality of our websites.
Log-Information is automatically deleted after 7 days.Third-Party Services and ToolsCookiesCookies are tiny text files stored on your computer.
Generally, cookies are stored for the duration of the current session, i.e.
until you close your browser, but in some cases they are stored longer than this.
A more comprehensive overview of the cookies we use, especially the third-party cookies of the services listed in this Privacy Policy, their purpose and our legal basis for their use, as well as the possibility to object to the processing and collecting of data via cookies (i.e.
to opt out) can be found in the Jimdo Cookie policy.
The Jimdo user may refuse the use of third-party cookies via the Jimdo Cookie policy or alternatively via the.
Digital Advertising Alliance website: https://www.aboutads.info/choices
The deactivation of some cookies can impact the delivery and quality of our webpages.

A more comprehensive overview, as well contact details and the privacy policies of the third-party services we use can be found in the tabular list at the end of this Privacy Policy.
We would like to inform you separately about the following services:A note on all Google services used by Jimdo:A note on all Google services used by Jimdo: The website, www.jimdo.com uses diverse services from the company Google, including services provided by Google Ireland Limited, as well as those provided by Google LLC.
These services include Google Analytics, Google Optimize,Google Analytics Ads, Google Signals, Google Adwords, Google Tag Manager, Google Search Console, Google reCaptcha, Google Fonts and Google Maps.
Jimdo has of course signed a data processing agreement with Google for the utilization of the various Google tools and services listed above.Website Analysis ServicesBased on our legitimate interests in the analysis, optimization, and economic operation of our online offer we use the following website analytics services:Google Universal Analytics and Google Optimize:Jimdo uses Google Analytics and Google Optimize, web analytics services provided by Google, for www.jimdo.com websites as well as where activated for the websites of our Jimdo users.
The web analysis and optimization service "Google Optimize" is also used on our website.
Both Google Analytics and Google Optimize are web analytics services offered by Google Ireland Ltd.
Google Analytics and Google Optimize store cookies which enable an analysis of the surfing patterns of website visitors .
We only use these Google Services with activated IP anonymization.
This means that the IP address of the users will be shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there.
Google Analytics uses this information to evaluate the use of the website, to compile reports on website activity for website operators and to report other website activity and internet-related services.
Google Optimize will use this information on our behalf to improve the attractiveness, content and functionality of our website by enabling us to offer new features and content to a percentage of our users and to statistically evaluate changes in usage.
If required by law, Google will pass along this information to third parties.
Google will also pass along data to third parties for processing, provided this processing is done on behalf of Google.
Under no circumstances shall Google connect your IP address with any other data held by Google.
If you wish, you can adjust your browser settings so as to refuse cookies.
Please bear in mind, however, that if you refuse all cookies, you will not necessarily have access to all functions of this website.
By using this site, you consent to the processing of your data by Google as described above, for the aforementioned purpose.
You can prevent data collection via Google Analytics and/or Google Optimize by clicking this link.
An "Opt-out Cookie" shall then be applied to your website which shall prevent any future collection of your data when visiting this website.
Additional information on how Google handles personal data in its advertising network can be found here: Advertising and Privacy.Google Tag ManagerJimdo also uses Google Tag Manager, a solution operated by Google, that allows Jimdo to manage so-called website tags (including, for example, Google Analytics and other Google marketing services in our online offering) using an interface.
The tag manager itself (which implements the tags) does not process users' personal data.
With regard to the processing of users' personal data, reference is made to the following information about Google's services.
Usage Policy: https://www.google.com/analytics/tag-manager/use-policy/.BunchboxJimdo uses the web analysis service Bunchbox, from Peaks &amp.
Pies, to carry out A / B and multivariate tests.
This service uses cookies to identify a visitor's browser and to analyze the use of this website.
The cookies do not collect personal information.
More information on how Peaks &amp.
Pies processes this data can be found in the Peaks &amp.
Pies Privacy Policy.
The Bunchbox Tracking or Tracking Cookie can be set at any time via the Jimdo cookie settings.HotjarJimdo uses the web analysis service Hotjar on www.jimdo.com websites.
With this tool, movements on the websites (so-called heat maps) can be understood and thereby, feedback to be obtained directly from the users of the website.
Hotjar allows Jimdo to gain valuable information regarding the use of our websites so that we can make our websites faster and more customer-friendly.
The portions of our websites where personally identifiable information is displayed/entered by the Jimdo user or third parties, are automatically hidden from Hotjar and are therefore not traceable.
By visiting Hotjar's opt-out page and clicking on the option “Deactivate Hotjar” you can prevent Hotjar from collecting your data on Jimdo websites.
This deactivation is possible at any time.
For details about data processing by Hotjar, please refer to https://www.hotjar.com/privacy.Retargeting / Remarketing / Referral Advertising / Conversion Tracking / Online MarketingBased on the legitimate interest in the analysis, optimization and economic operation of our online offer, as well as in analyzing user behavior in order to optimize both the Jimdo website and the Jimdo advertising, as well as where necessary, based on explicit consent Jimdo uses the following online marketing services.Jimdo uses the following online marketing services.Facebook Custom Audience via Facebook PixelJimdo uses the so-called "Facebook Pixel" on www.jimdo.com websites.
“Facebook Pixel” is a product of the social network Facebook.
In the case of explicit consent (via Facebook settings), this may track the behavior of users after they have seen or clicked on a Facebook ad.
This process is designed to evaluate the effectiveness of Facebook advertisements for statistical and market research purposes and may help to optimize future advertising efforts.
The data collected is anonymous to Jimdo, and Jimdo cannot determine the identity of the users.
The data is however stored and processed by Facebook, so that a connection to the respective user profile is possible and Facebook can use the data for its own advertising purposes, according to the Facebook privacy policy and the Facebook user’s profile settings.
To disable the third-party cookie set by Facebook pixel visit the Digital Advertising Alliance website: https://www.aboutads.info/choicesGoogle AdWords and Google AdWords RemarketingJimdo uses Google AdWords, an analytics service provided by Google, and Google AdWords, conversion tracking, as well as Google AdWords Remarketing on our www.jimdo.com website.
Google AdWords stores a cookie for conversion tracking on the computer's hard drive (so-called "conversion cookie") when the site visitor clicks on a Google-served ad.
These cookies lose their validity after 30 days and are not used for personal identification.
When certain pages are visited on our website, Google and Jimdo may recognize that the page visitor has clicked on the ad and has been redirected to this page.
The information obtained through the conversion cookies is used to generate statistics for AdWords customers who use conversion tracking.
These statistics tell us the total number of users who clicked on the ad served by Google and viewed a page with a conversion tracking tag.
More information about Google AdWords Terms of Service and Privacy can be found here.
With Google AdWords Remarketing, Google sets a cookie in the terminal's browser, which automatically enables interest-based advertising by means of a pseudonymous cookie ID and based on the pages visited by the Jimdo user / page visitor.
If the user has consented to sharing his web history with Google, then Google can use the history of the visit to the Jimdo website, along with the Google analytics data and the Google AdWords data in order to create targeted audiences for cross device remarketing.
The user can permanently disable the setting of such cookies by installing the browser plug-in available at the following link: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/Google AdWords and Google DoubleClickJimdo also uses the cross-device capabilities of Google AdWords and Google DoubleClick from the provider Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
This feature allows the Google Analytics remarketing ad groups described above, to be linked to the cross-device features of Google AdWords and Google DoubleClick.
In this way, interest-based, personalized advertising messages that have been adapted to the particular user based on their previous usage and browsing behavior on one terminal (e.g., cell phone) may also be displayed on another user's terminal (e.g., tablet or PC).
Once the user has given their consent, Google links the web and app browsing history to the corresponding Google account for this purpose.
In this way, the same personalized advertising messages can be displayed on each device on which the user logs on with his Google Account.
To support this feature, Google Analytics collects Google-authenticated IDs of users who are temporarily linked to our Google Analytics data to define and create audiences for cross-device ad promotion.
The site visitor can permanently object to cross-device remarketing / targeting by disabling personalized ads in their Google Account: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/.
If the site visitor wishes to object to Google's general tracking process, the conversion tracking cookies can be disabled by setting the browser to block cookies from the domain www.googleadservices.com: https://www.google.de/settings/ads.
The aggregation of the collected data in the Google account of the site visitor takes place exclusively on the basis of his consent, which he can give or revoke on Google (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR).
For data collection operations that are not merged into the user’s Google Account (for example, because they do not have a Google Account or have objected to the merge), the collection of data is based on Art.
6 (1) (f) GDPR.
The legitimate interest arises from the fact that Jimdo has an interest in the anonymous analysis of the website visitors for advertising purposes.
For more information and privacy policy, see the Google Privacy Policy at: https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads.Google SignalsOn the basis of our legitimate interests (i.e.
interest in the analysis, optimization and economic operation of our online offer within the meaning of Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR, we use the web analysis service, Google Signals.
Via Google Signals, Google provides us with reports on cross-device user numbers, as well as different groups of users, based on different device combinations.
In order to do so Google uses the data of users who have activated the option “personalized advertising” in their Google account settings.
Google Signals can only be used with activated IP anonymization.
As a result, your IP address will be abbreviated by Google within the member states of the European Union or in other states that have ratified the Convention on the European Economic Area prior to its transmission to the United States.
Thus, no conclusions can be drawn as to the identity of a single user.
You can object to the collection of your data via Google Signals, at any time via disabling “personalised advertising” in your Google Account: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
Additional information on how Google handles personal data in its advertising network can be found here: Advertising and PrivacyBing Universal Event Tracking (UET)The Jimdo website uses Bing Ads technology to collect and store data that is used to create usage profiles using pseudonyms.
This service enables us to track user activity on our website when it has reached our website via advertisements from Bing Ads.
If the page visitor reaches our website via such an ad, a cookie is set on their computer.
On our website a Bing UET tag is integrated.
This is a code used to store some non-personally identifiable information about the use of the website in connection with the cookie.
This includes, among other things, the length of time spent on the website, which areas of the website were accessed, and which advertisements have reached the website.
Information on the identity of the respective site visitor, as well as forms for entering personal data are not recorded.
The collected information is transmitted to Microsoft servers in the USA and stored there for a maximum of 180 days.
The collection of the data generated by the cookie and related to the use of the website as well as the processing of this data can be prevented by deactivating the setting of cookies by the site visitor in their browser.
In addition, based on the user’s preferences Microsoft may be able to track usage behavior across multiple electronic devices through cross-device tracking, enabling it to display personalized advertising on or in Microsoft websites and apps.
This behavior can be disabled by the site visitor at https://choice.microsoft.com/en-us/opt-out.
For more information on Bing analytics services, visit the Bing Ads Web site.
For more information about privacy at Microsoft and Bing, see the Microsoft Privacy Policy.LinkedIn Conversion TrackingOn www.jimdo.com websites Jimdo uses the analysis and conversion tracking technology of the LinkedIn platform.
LinkedIn's technology can show you more relevant, interest-based advertising.
We also receive aggregated and anonymous reports from LinkedIn on ad activities and information about how site visitors interact with our website.
For more information on LinkedIn privacy, please visit: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy.
All site visitors and Jimdo users object ("opt-out") to the analysis of their usage behavior by LinkedIn and the display of interest-based recommendations.
click on "Decline on LinkedIn" (for LinkedIn members) or "Decline" (for other users) under the following link:Personalised Advertising from JimdoWe use your personal data, i.e.
pseudonymised Jimdo usage data, to pursue our legitimate interests in providing you with targeted marketing, service updates, and promotional offers that you might like, including Personalized advertisements and usage analysis, provided your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms do not predominate.
We have introduced control mechanisms to reconcile our interests with your rights.
If you do not wish to receive personalized advertisements or if you do not want us to collect pseudonymised data regarding your visit to our website and the use of our services, applications and tools, you may object or revoke your consent by following the instructions in the advertising or the Jimdo Cookie Policy.
Information on the display of usage-based online advertising on our and other websites and on how you can deactivate it, can also be found directly on the corresponding Privacy Pages linked in the table at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
An objection or deactivation means that you will no longer receive personalized advertising, but otherwise personal data may be collected as described in this Privacy Policy.
Without your consent, we do not allow third parties to track or collect your personal information on our websites for their own advertising purposes.Social MediaFacebook, AddThisOur www.jimdo.com websites use social plugins ("plugins") of both the social network facebook.com, which is operated by Facebook Inc.
("Facebook"), as well as the AddThis bookmarking service provided by AddThis LLC, Inc.
8000 West Park Drive, Suite 625, McLean, VA 2210, USA ("AddThis").
When the page visitor calls up a page of our website that contains such a plugin, their browser connects directly to the AddThis/ Facebook servers.
The content of the plugin is transmitted by AddThis or Facebook directly to their browser and integrated into the page.
The integration of AddThis or Facebook stores a cookie on the device and thus collects the IP address and the information that the browser has accessed the corresponding page of our website.
This information (including the IP address) is transmitted by the browser directly to a server of AddThis and/or Facebook in the USA and stored there.
If the site visitor interacts with the plugins, the corresponding information is also transmitted directly to a server of the provider and stored there.
According to Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR, the described data processing operations are based on the legitimate interests of AddThis and Facebook respectively, in the display of personalized advertising in order to inform other users of the social network about relevant activities on our website and to structure the service as required.
If the site visitor wishes to object to either the AddThis or Facebook data collection for the future, a so-called opt-out cookie may be set: https://www.addthis.com/privacy/opt-out
The purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by AddThis and Facebook respectively, as well as the related rights and setting options for the protection of privacy can be found in the respective privacy policies located in the table below.Youtube-VideosThe www.jimdo.com websites also use the Youtube Embedding feature to display and play videos from "Youtube", which is owned by Google.
When the playback of embedded Youtube videos starts, the provider "Youtube" uses cookies to collect information about user behavior.
According to "Youtube", these are used, among other things, to capture video statistics, improve user-friendliness and prevent abusive practices.
If you're logged in to Google, your data will be assigned directly to your account when you click on a video.
If you do not wish to associate with your profile on YouTube, you must log out before activating the button.
Google stores your data (even for non-logged-in users) as usage profiles and evaluates them.
According to Article 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR, such an evaluation is based on the legitimate interests of Google in the display of personalized advertising, market research and/or tailor-made design of its website.
You have a right to object to the creation of these User Profiles, and you must be directed to YouTube to use them.
For more information on data protection at "YouTube", please see the provider's Privacy Policy at: https://policies.google.com/privacyToolsGoogle reCAPTCHABased on our legitimate interest in the prevention of spam and abuse, we also use the reCAPTCHA feature of Google on Jimdo websites.
This function is primarily used to distinguish whether an input is made by a natural person or abusive by automated processing.
The service includes the sending of the IP address and possibly other data required by Google for the reCAPTCHA service to Google.
Additional information about Google reCAPTCHA and Google's privacy policy can be found at: https://policies.google.com/privacy.Fraud Detection and PreventionBased on our legitimate interest in the user-friendly design of our offer, as well as in the prevention of fraud to the detriment of Jimdo and his customers, www.jimdo.com websites collect, use and store certain information about visitors in order to detect, prevent and analyze fraudulent transactions.
We share this information with a third party, Sift Science, Inc., 23 Mission Street, 20th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105.
Sift Science provides Jimdo with analysis, monitoring, and reporting to help us prevent and detect fraudulent transactions.
Further information on the processing of data by Sift Science can be found in the Sift Science Privacy Policy.
The possibility of objecting to data processing by Sift Science or Sift Science Cookies ("opt-out") can be found in the tabular list of the Jimdo Cookie Policy.Error detection &amp.
PreventionBugsnagBased on our legitimate interests in quickly identifying errors that have led to a disruption or crash and thereby improving our website, Jimdo reloads JavaScript code from the company Bugsnag Inc., 939 Harrison St, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA (hereinafter: Bugsnag) on Jimdo websites.
If an error occurs, the calling IP address (in an anonymous form), data on your settings and details of the page on which the error occurred and the data installed there, are transmitted to Bugsnag in order to evaluate the error.
More information can be found in the Bugsnag Privacy Policy: https://docs.bugsnag.com/legal/privacy-policy/.
To prevent the execution of Bugsnag's Java script code as a whole, the Jimdo user may install a Java Script Blocker (e.g., www.noscript.net or www.ghostery.com).Jimdo Affiliate ProgramFor the Jimdo Affiliate Program we use the services of an external Affiliate Platform as listed in the table of tools and services below.
For an accurate recording of the sales/leads, the external Affiliate Platform and/or Jimdo place cookies on the user’s computer.
These cookies comply with the applicable data protection regulation.
The cookies used by the External Affiliate Platform are accepted in the default setting of the Internet browser.
If the user does not wish to save these cookies, the cookies of the corresponding domains can be deactivated in the Internet browser or via the cookie banner.
Tracking Cookies do not store personal data.
They only stores the ID of the mediating partner as well as the order number of the advertising material clicked by the visitor (banner, text link, etc.).
When a transaction is concluded, the partner ID serves to allocate the commission to be paid to the intermediary partner (Affiliate).Communication with JimdoCustomer SupportA site visitor or Jimdo user can contact Jimdo at any time with their queries via email, via a private message in the Dashboard, on social media platforms, via the Jimdo Creator App or via the support pages.
We store the request in a ticket system (Zendesk) in order to process the request and to improve our services.
Personal information will only be used to process the request.
A site visitor or Jimdo user can contact Jimdo at any time with their queries via email, via a private message on social media platforms or via the instructions on the following help page.
We store the request in a ticket system (Zendesk) in order to process the request and to improve our services.
Personal information will only be used to process the request.
In addition, the site visitor / Jimdo user has the opportunity to evaluate their experience with the Jimdo customer support, after the conclusion of their support-request via the ticket system, Zendesk.
The evaluation request appears directly in the ticket dialog and is optional.
Feedback is only used internally, serves to improve the Jimdo customer support and will not be shared with third parties.
Should the Jimdo user not wish to receive such requests, then they can send an email to that effect, to the Jimdo support team (privacy@jimdo.com) and the opt out shall be implemented.
The legal basis for the processing of the data is our legitimate interest in answering the (customer) inquiries and improving our customer support service in accordance with Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR If the contact is aimed at the conclusion of a contract, then additional legal basis for the processing Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR.
The privacy policy of this our ticket system provider, Zendesk can be found here: https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/privacy-policy/
With support requests that are submitted via the Creator mobile app, we automatically collect your client user agent data, i.e.
the browser type and device from which the request was sent.
This information helps the support team to understand the issue at hand and offer informed support.
In addition, the site visitor / Jimdo user has the opportunity to evaluate their experience with the Jimdo customer support, after the conclusion of their support-request via the ticket system, Zendesk.
The evaluation request appears directly in the ticket dialog and is optional.
Feedback is only used internally, serves to improve the Jimdo customer support and will not be shared with third parties.
Should the Jimdo user not wish to receive such requests, then they can send an email to that effect, to the Jimdo support team(privacy@jimdo.com) and the opt out shall be implemented.
The legal basis for the processing of the data is our legitimate interest in answering the (customer) inquiries and improving our customer support service in accordance with Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR If the contact is aimed at the conclusion of a contract, then additional legal basis for the processing Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR.
The privacy policy of this our ticket system provider, Zendesk can be found here: https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/privacy-policy/
The data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary for the achievement of the respective purpose, i.e.
where there is no legitimate interest and, moreover, we are no longer obliged to keep records in which personal data may be contained.Chat FunctionIn the administrative areas of Jimdo websites and on our website, it is possible to contact us via electronic chat.
For this purpose, we use the "Zendesk Chat" service provided by Zendesk Inc., 1019 Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA.
Zendesk Chat serves the purpose of direct communication in real time (so-called live chat) with visitors to our website, as well as with Jimdo users.
The data entered in the chat window is processed solely to answer the question(s) asked and to optimise our service.
Cookies are used to operate the chat function.
The cookies make it possible to recognise the Internet browser of the site visitor in order to distinguish between the individual users of the chat function.
Insofar as the information collected in this way has a personal reference, the processing is carried out in accordance with Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
f GDPR on the basis of our legitimate interest in effective customer service and the statistical analysis of user behaviour for optimisation purposes.
When using the live chat system, the data provided by the user/site visitor is stored in order to answer the questions asked in the chat.
The data collected includes:

Chat history
Name given
IP address
Country of origin
Pages visited
Duration of the visit to the pages
Further personal information, depending on the details provided by the visitor/user (e.g.
e-mail address, telephone number).

Jimdo has concluded a Data Processing Agreement including standard contractual clauses with Zendesk.
As concerns non-logged in users/site visitors, any data transmitted via this chat function is automatically and completely deleted after four weeks.Newsletter and Newsletter PerformanceOur newsletter regularly provides Jimdo users with information about Jimdo’s products, services and promotions, surveys, prize draws, blog articles and other similar content.
The legal basis for sending the newsletter in conjunction with purchasing Jimdo’s goods or services is Art.
13 (2) of EU Directive 2002/58/EC.
It is also possible to send the Jimdo newsletter on the basis of your consent (Art.
6 (1) (a) GDPR).
Example text informing the user about the usage of data for Jimdo’s own marketing purposes when they set up an account:
You will also receive regular newsletters about Jimdo’s products, services and promotions, where opening and click rates will be monitored in order to optimize the content.
You can unsubscribe at any time.
More information about data processing can be found here.

Our newsletter is sent via the service provider “Braze Inc”, a newsletter sending platform from the US operator Braze, Inc., 318 West 39th Street, 5th Floor, New York, New York 10018, USA.
Jimdo has entered into a Data Processing Agreement with Braze as per Art.
28 GDPR which includes EU standard contractual clauses.

Braze’s Privacy Policy can be found here: https://www.braze.com/company/legal/privacy#part_three
The legal basis for using Braze’s services is Art.
6 (1) (f) GDPR – legitimate interest.
Our legitimate interest in using this service is optimizing our marketing measures.
Braze may use the data of the recipient in aggregated format, i.e.
without reference to a user, in order to optimize or improve its own services, such as technically optimizing the sending and the display of the newsletter or for statistical purposes, for example.Measuring Success via Opening and Click Rates:We may use individual functionalities (such as using behavioral data) of our newsletter to trace which content of our newsletter is particularly interesting to the Jimdo user.
We will only use the results of these analyses for the purposes of improving our services and designing our services to better meet your requirements as well as for targeting purposes.
The newsletter therefore contains a so-called “web beacon”, which is a pixel-sized file that is retrieved from our server, or if we use Braze or Litmus, from their server when the newsletter is opened.
Technical information, such as browser and system information, as well as IP address and the time of the retrieval is collected as part of this process.
This information is used to improve the technical performance of our services using the technical data, or the target groups and reading behavior based on the access location (which can be determined using the IP address), or the time of access.
Statistical data that is also collected includes determining whether the newsletter has been opened, when it was opened, how long it was opened for and which links were clicked on.
For technical reasons, it may be possible to assign this information to individual newsletter recipients.
However, it is not our goal, or that of the newsletter service provider if used by us, to monitor individual users.
These analyses rather serve to recognize the reading habits of our users and to adapt our content to our users, or to send them different content in accordance with their interests.Unsubscribing, Withdrawing Newsletter Consent:The Jimdo user may object to or withdraw their consent for the storage and usage of their data for sending the newsletter at any time with future effect without needing to give reasons, without being penalized in any way, and without paying any cost for this other than the transmission costs for sending the objection/withdrawal.
This can be done by clicking the unsubscribe link in the newsletter, which can be found at the end of every newsletter.
Alternatively, Jimdo users can deselect the “Newsletter” box in their customer account.
Your consent to statistical analysis will also be withdrawn at the same time.
It is unfortunately not possible to only object to the statistical analysis in our newsletter, this can only take place when completely unsubscribing from the newsletter.
The legality of the data-processing operations are unaffected by the withdrawal of your consent.
In the event that you withdraw your consent, the personal data used for this data processing will be anonymized or erased.
Data that has been stored by us for other purposes (such as e-mail addresses for the member area) are not affected by this.Jimdo Blog 8 DaysStatisticsThe Jimdo 8 Days blog site uses the web analytics service Jetpack (formerly WordPress.com Stats) operated by Automattic Inc., 60 29th Street # 343, San Francisco, CA 94110-4929, USA, using Quantcast Inc.'s tracking technology.
201 3rd St, Floor 2, San Francisco, CA 94103-3153, USA.
With the help of Jetpack, based on our legitimate interest in the statistical analysis of user behavior for optimization and marketing purposes pursuant to Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR pseudonymised visitor data is collected, evaluated and stored.
From this data, pseudonymised usage profiles can be created and evaluated for the same purpose.
Jetpack uses so-called cookies.
The information generated by the cookie about the use of this website (including the pseudonymous IP address) are transmitted to a server in the United States and stored there to safeguard the above interests.
In order to counter data collection and storage of visitor data for the future, an opt-out cookie can be obtained from Quantcast under the following link, which will prevent future visitor data from the Jimdo user’s browser from being collected and stored at Jetpack: https://www.quantcast.com/opt-out/ The opt-out cookie is set by Quantcast.Hosting of the Jimdo Blog PageJimdo (or more specifically the web space provider for the Jimdo Blog website, WP Engine) collects data about every access to the blog pages (so-called server log files).
Access data includes:
Name of the retrieved web page, file, date and time of retrieval, amount of data transferred, notification of successful retrieval, browser type and version, the user's operating system, referrer URL (the previously visited page), IP address and the requesting provider.
The provider uses the log data for statistical evaluations only with the purpose being the operation, security and optimization of the Blog page.
However, the provider reserves the right to subsequently review the log data if, on the basis of concrete evidence, the legitimate suspicion of unlawful use exists.
The privacy policy of WP-Engine can be viewed here.Blog CommentsDISQUS comment managementBased on our legitimate interests in an efficient, secure and user-friendly commentary system for our blog pages we use the comment management service DISQUS.
In order to use the DISQUS features, users can log in using their own DISQUS user account or existing social media accounts (e.g., OpenID, Facebook, Twitter, or Google).
Here, the user credentials are obtained from the platforms through DISQUS.
It is also possible to use the DISQUS comment feature as a guest without creating or using user accounts with DISQUS or any of the social media providers listed.
Jimdo embeds DISQUS with its features on our Jimdo Blog, “8 days”.
However, users enter into a direct contractual relationship with DISQUS, in which DISQUS processes users' comments and acts as point of contact for any deletion of users' data.
Please refer to the DISQUS privacy policy: https://help.disqus.com/terms-and-policies/disqus-privacy-policy in which DISQUS informs users that they save the comment content, as well as store the IP address of the commenter and the timestamp of submission.
Disqus also saves cookies on users' computers and may use them to display advertising.
However, users may object to the processing of their data to display ads:
Jimdo reserves the right to delete comments if their content violates the Jimdo Terms of Service.
In addition, we reserve the right to stop or remove the comment function and the associated comments on any article, at any time.Access and Publicly Available InformationThe Jimdo Website:All information posted on the Jimdo website of a Jimdo user may, in principle, be accessed by other Internet users e.g.
when it is published by the Jimdo user on the Jimdo user’s website.
Therefore, the publication of personal information (eg addresses, telephone numbers) and sensitive data (e.g.
passwords, access data) should be handled carefully and prudently.
Hidden subpages and password-protected areas do not provide absolute protection against unauthorized access.
The same applies to uploaded files, as these may be accessible via direct links.Administrative Access to your Jimdo Website:As part of our customer service and error tracing, our employees also have access to the administrative area of Jimdo Websites (CMS) on an ad hoc basis.
Administrative access is to be understood as insight into all areas of the corresponding Jimdo website, including the password-protected areas.
All our employees are regularly trained in data protection and are under an obligation to maintain confidentiality.EncryptionFor the encryption (HTTPS over TLS) of Jimdo websites of the Jimdo user we use the free service "Let's Encrypt".
Through the certificates, we can offer a so-called transport encryption, which protects the communication to a Jimdo website from access by unauthorized third parties.Rights of the Data Subjects(i.e.
Jimdo user or Jimdo Site Visitor, hereinafter referred to collectively as “Jimdo user”)
According to the relevant legislation, including the GDPR, the Jimdo user and site visitors have certain rights in relation to their personal data that is processed by Jimdo.
In particular, they have a right to information, correction, transferability or deletion of their data.
The Jimdo user also has the right to object to certain processing of their data.
In some cases, it will not be possible to change or remove content after it has been published on the Jimdo website.
Upon receipt of such request, Jimdo may close the corresponding Jimdo Account and remove the offending personal information from public areas as soon as possible based on account activity and applicable law.
The legal right to information, correction or deletion of personal data remains unaffected.Information and AccessThe Jimdo user can usually access, verify and edit their personal information in their Jimdo account by logging in and directly updating or deleting the appropriate information.
We are happy to inform you, which personal data we have stored on you, as well as any fees incurred under applicable law.
The information will be processed by us immediately and is usually sent via email.
In order to receive detailed information, please inform us as far as possible as to the type of personal data requested.
To be sure that the requesting person is also the person whom they claim to be, we require proof of identity.
This can be a copy of an official identity document.
Please ensure that serial numbers, passport numbers or similar are blackened out or removed.
We use this copy solely for identification and processing of the request and delete it as soon as it has served its purpose.Right to ObjectInsofar as the Jimdo user’s or site visitor’s data is collected on the basis of Jimdo’s legitimate interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR, the Jimdo user/site visitor may object to the future processing of their data in accordance with Article 21 GDPR at any time, for the future.
The objection may in particular be expressed against processing for direct marketing purposes (via sending an email to privacy@jimdo.com or unsubscribing directly from such communications via the unsubscribe link in every mail).
A corresponding note as regards the Jimdo Newsletter unsubscription process can be found in every newsletter email.
If the Jimdo user makes use of his right to object, Jimdo will stop the processing of the data concerned.
However, further processing is reserved if we can demonstrate compelling legitimate reasons for the processing that outweighs the interests of the Jimdo user, their fundamental rights and freedoms, or if the processing serves the purpose of asserting, exercising or defending legal claims.
If Jimdo is asked to cease all or any part of the processing of the personal information, or if the Jimdo user revokes his consent (if any) to the use or disclosure of their personal information for purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, Jimdo may cease to be able to provide all Jimdo services to the Jimdo user.
The Jimdo user also has the right to object to the processing personal data that is used for statistical purposes in accordance with Article 89 (1) GDPR for reasons that arise from their particular situation via a simple email to that effect sent to privacy@jimdo.com.Right to Data PortabilityIn certain cases, which are listed in detail in Art.
20 GDPR, the site visitor or the Jimdo user has the right to receive personal data concerning him or her, in a structured, common and machine-readable format or to have this data transferred to a third party upon demand.Exercising your RightsIn order to exercise these and other data subject right,, an affected party may, at any time, contact Jimdo via the following contact address privacy@jimdo.com.
Where the Jimdo User exercises his or her legal right to access, correction or deletion of their personal information, Jimdo may, under certain circumstances in particular where legally obliged to so, refuse to provide such information or refuse to correct or delete your personal information.
However, Jimdo will give the reasons in these cases.Right to Lodge a ComplaintWithout prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, the Jimdo user has the right to lodge a complaint with a relevant supervisory authority in accordance with Article 77 GDPR, in particular in the Member State of the user’s place of residence, place of work or place of alleged infringement, if the Jimdo user is of the opinion that the processing of his personal data has not occurred in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR.Data SecurityThe Jimdo User's information is protected by the Jimdo technical and organizational security measures to minimize risks associated with their loss, misuse, unauthorized access, unauthorized disclosure and alteration of their and all users data.
For example, we use firewalls and data encryption, as well as physical access restrictions for our data centers and data access authorization controls.Changes to this Privacy PolicyJimdo reserves the right to change this privacy policy should this be necessary due to a change in legislation or as a result of further or changed services used or offered by Jimdo.
The current version can always be located on this page.
If Jimdo intends to process the data of the Jimdo user for purposes other than those for which they were collected, we will inform the Jimdo user in advance, in accordance with the law.
In the event of any deviations resulting from the translation, the formulation set forth in the German version shall prevail.ContactIf any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy arise, we can be contacted via this form, via email or via a letter to:
Jimdo GmbH
Data Protection
Stresemannstraße 375
22761 Hamburg
Germany
privacy@jimdo.comContact Details of the Jimdo Data Protection Officer:B³ | Informationstechnologie
Dipl.
Inf.
Andreas Bethke
Papenbergallee 34
25548 Kellinghusen
Germany
privacy@jimdo.comDuration of the Storage of Personal DataThe data processed by us are deleted or limited in their processing in accordance with Article 17 and Article 18 GDPR.
Unless explicitly stated in this privacy policy, the data stored by us are deleted as soon as they are no longer required for their intended purpose and the deletion does not conflict with any statutory storage requirements and/or there is no legitimate interest in the re-storage on our part.
Where the data cannot be deleted because it is required for another, legitimate purposes, its processing shall be restricted accordingly.
The data shall be blocked and not processed for any other purposes.
This applies, for example to data that must be kept for commercial or tax reasons.
According to legal requirements in Germany, the storage takes place in particular for 6 years pursuant to § 257 Para.
1 of the Handelsgesetzbuch (German Commercial Code) (pertaining to trading books, inventories, opening balance sheets, annual accounts, trade letters, accounting documents, etc.) and for 10 years in accordance with § 147 Para.
1 Abgabenordnung (The Fiscal Code of Germany) (pertaining to books, records, Management reports, accounting documents, trade and business letters, documents relevant to taxation, etc.).Sharing of Personal Data and the List of Subprocessors and Services used by JimdoThe data of Jimdo Users shall not be sold to third parties.
We shall not share or pass on any personal information without your explicit consent, unless:

We are legally obligated to do so;
In order to fulfill contractual services for the Jimdo user and/or in order to enforce rights and obligations of these terms of use and the corresponding contractual relationship between the Jimdo user and Jimdo;
In order to perform the Jimdo service it may be necessary for Jimdo to employ the use of third-party services.
In that case, data may be shared, e.g.:

Domain Registration: Domain hosting is carried out for us by the companies, InternetX GmbH and Name.com Inc.
The InternetX Privacy Policy can be found here: https://www.internetx.com/en/legal/privacy-policy/.
In order to become the owner of the domain, Jimdo is required to transfer your registration data to the relevant domain registrar.
For more information on the nature and extent of data transferred, please consult the authority responsible for your domain.
Depending on the registrar, this transferred registration data may be made publicly visible online.
In particular, personal registration information for .com, .net, .org, .info, and .biz domains will be made public on the WHOIS.com website.
You should keep this in mind if registering one of these TLDs.

Email Addresses: When you set up an email account or forwarding address for your Jimdo website, we create an account for you with Rackspace Limited.
Rackspace Limited assumes responsibility for the technical delivery and management of your emails.
You can read Rackspace’s privacy policy here.
Informationen about Rackspace and the GDPR can be found here.
In order to send system emails and newsletters we use the mail services provided by Braze.
Their Privacy Policy can be found under: https://www.braze.com/privacy/
In order to send order confirmations we use the service provider Twilio Sendgrid and their privacy policy can be found here: https://sendgrid.com/policies/privacy/

G suite Email provider and G Suite Domain Verification: Jimdo users who hold a fee based Jimdo package and who also have a Google G Suite account, can set up Gmail as their email provider for their email server.
To set up the connection, the Jimdo user logs into his Google G Suite account and grants Jimdo permission to automatically adjust their settings to set up the email service.
The permission given grants Jimdo the right to provide and manage or delete the Jimdo user's reserved domains, as well as the authority to verify the user's new domains with Google, i.e.
to send the appropriate ownership confirmation URLs to Google.
This permission can be revoked at any time, for the future by the Jimdo user in their G-Suite account (under -&gt.
"Settings" -&gt.
"Apps with Account Access").
In addition, the Jimdo user has the option to change his chosen email provider at any time in their Jimdo account (under Domains &amp.
Emails → Edit email Server).
G Suite is a product of Google Ireland Limited, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland.
The legal basis for obtaining consent is Article 6 (1) (a) and Art.
7 GDPR.
The legal basis for the processing for the performance of our services and the execution of contractual measures as well as the response to inquiries is Art.
6 (1) (b) GDPR.
The purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Google as well as the related rights and privacy settings can be found in the Google privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy and https://gsuite.google.com/intl/de/faq/security/.

User Content: When images or files are uploaded to the Jimdo website, they are uploaded to Amazon S3 cloud services (the location of the data center in Ireland).
The privacy policy of Amazon can be found here: Privacy Policy

Statistics: For Jimdo users who have booked a fee-based package, Jimdo uses Google Analytics to generate statistics for your website.
The data collected is processed in a non-personally-identifying form (“anonymizeIp”).
The relevant Google Analytics’ Privacy Policy can be found here.

Content Delivery: We use Fastly, Inc.
to deliver the content of your Jimdo website, as well as the Google Fonts for your website.
Fastly, Inc.
ensures that your website and your website content can be quickly accessed from all over the world.
The Fastly, Inc.
Privacy Policy can be found here: https://www.fastly.com/privacy.
We have entered into both EU standard contractual clauses and a so-called "data processing agreement" with Fastly Inc.
in which we commit Fastly to protect our customers' data and not to disclose them to third parties.
Where third parties are concerned Jimdo always enters into a data processing agreement with the third-party and ensures the protection of the Jimdo user’s data in accordance with Article 44 ff GDPR.



If Jimdo is acquired by another company, information including personal data could be transferred to the acquiring party within the framework of the relevant data protection provisions.Last Reviewed:May 2018In order to provide our respective services, we may pass on personal data of the Jimdo user or the site visitor to the following third parties for the following purposes:Google Surveys
Purpose:

For customer surveys, opinion polls and in order to get feedback on our products, we use Google Surveys.

Data Category:

Inventory data, content data

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user, customers/interested parties of the Jimdo website

Legal Basis:

Consent Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR and/or Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR

Provider:

Google Ireland Limited, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland

Privacy policy:

https://policies.google.com/privacyMailchimp/Mandrill
Purpose:

The sending of system mails, transactional mails, Notifications

Data Category:

Inventory data, Content data

Data Subjects:

Jimdo Users

Legal Basis:

Contract performance, Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR

Provider:

Mailchimp by The Rocket Science Group,
LLC 675 Ponce de Leon Ave NE, Suite 5000,
Atlanta, GA 30308, USA

Privacy policy:

https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/Braze
Purpose of the Processing:

Creation, transmission, administration and analysis of newsletter campaigns, Notifications.

Data Category:

Inventory data, Content data

Data Subjects:

Jimdo Users, Subscribers to the Jimdo Newsletter

Legal Basis:

Consent, Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR

Provider:

Braze, Inc.
318 West 39th Street, 5th Floor
New York, New York 10018
USA

Privacy policy:

https://www.braze.com/privacy/Twilio Sendgrid
Purpose:

The sending of order confirmations,renewal notifications, billing information as well as Notifications &amp.
Newsletters

Data Category:

Inventory data, Contract data

Data Subjects:

Customer i.e.
Jimdo User, Newsletter Subscriber

Legal Basis:

Contract performance, Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR &amp.
Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR

Provider:

Twilio Sendgrid Inc.
1801 California St #500
Denver, CO 80202, USA

Privacy policy:

https://sendgrid.com/policies/privacy/Google Tag Manager
Purpose:

The Tag Manager tool is a cookieless domain and does not collect personally identifiable information.
The tool triggers other tags, which may collect personal data.

Data Subjects:


Legal Basis:

Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR

Provider:

Google Ireland Limited, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland

Privacy policy:

https://www.google.com/analytics/tag-manager/use-policyGoogle Analytics
Purpose:

User Statistics on www.jimdo.com websites, as well as where activated by the jimdo user ,on Jimdo user websites.

Data Category:

Inventory data, usage data

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user, visitors to the Jimdo website, visitors to the website of the Jimdo User

Legal Basis:

Contract performance, Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR &amp.
Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR

Provider:

Google Ireland Limited, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland

Privacy policy:

Browser Plugin, Opt-Out
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en/Sipgate
Purpose:

Fax service for the sending and receipt of faxes.
from Jimdo users as well as local and international authorities etc.

Data Category:

Usage data, Inventory data, Contract data, Communication data

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user, employees of the Jimdo user, Customers or interested parties of the Jimdo user’s website.

Legal Basis:

(Determined by sender) Legal Obligation, Art.
6 (1) (C) GDPR/ Contract performance, Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR / Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR

Provider:

sipgate GmbH,
Gladbacher Straße 74
40219 Düsseldorf
Germany

Privacy policy:

https://www.sipgate.de/datenschutz.htmlRackspace
Purpose:

A web based application for the technical delivery and management of emails or email accounts

Data Category:

Usage data, Communications data

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user, customers/interested parties of the Jimdo user

Legal Basis:

Contract performance, Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR

Provider:

Rackspace US Inc.,
Rackspace, 1 Fanatical Place, City of Windcrest
San Antonio, TX 78218, USA

Privacy policy:

https://www.rackspace.com/de-de/information/legal/privacystatementStiftScience
Purpose:

Fraud detection tool

Data Category:

Usage data, inventory data

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user, customers/interested parties of the Jimdo website

Legal Basis:

Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR

Provider:

Sift Science, Inc.
123 Mission Street, 20th Floor,
San Francisco, CA 94105, USA

Privacy policy:

https://siftscience.com/service-privacyStripe
Purpose:

Payment processor, chosen by the Jimdo user

Data Category:

Contract data, payment data, inventory data

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user

Legal Basis:

Contract performance, Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR

Provider:

Stripe Inc.,
185 Berry Street, Suite 550,
San Francisco, CA 94107, USA

Privacy policy:

https://stripe.com/de/privacyIngenico ePayments Group S.A.(Global Collect)
Purpose:

Payment processor, chosen by the Jimdo user

Data Category:

Contract data, payment data, inventory data

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user

Legal Basis:

Contract performance, Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR

Provider:

SGlobal Collect Service B.V.
Planetenweg 43 - 59
2132 HM Hoofddorp, Netherlands

Privacy policy:

https://www.globalcollect.com/PrivacyZuora
Purpose:

Subscription Management, to manage the packages purchased by the Jimdo users

Data Category:

Inventory data, contract data

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user

Legal Basis:

Contract performance, Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR

Provider:

Zuora, Inc.
3050 S.
Delaware Street, Suite 301
San Mateo, CA 94403, USA
(650) 779-4993
support@zuora.com

Privacy policy:

https://www.zuora.com/privacy-statement/Add This
Purpose:

A bookmarking service that simplifies the bookmarking of websites.
Usage is determined by the Site visitor.

Data Category:

Inventory data

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user, customers/interested parties of the Jimdo website

Legal Basis:

Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR (see note above)

Provider:

AddThis, Inc.,
Oracle America, Inc.,
1595 Spring Hill Rd, Suite 300,
Vienna, VA 22182, USA
(703) 677-3999

Privacy policy:

https://www.addthis.com/privacy
https://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/index.htmlInternetX
Purpose:

Domain administration

Data Category:

Domain registration data, inventory data

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user (who has purchased a domain or a package with a domain)

Legal Basis:

Contract performance, Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR

Provider:

InterNetX GmbH
Maximilianstr.
6
93047 Regensburg,
Germany

Privacy policy:

https://www.internetx.com/en/legal/privacy-policy/RankingCoach
Purpose:

Search engine result optimization tool

Data Category:

inventory data

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user

Legal Basis:

Contract performance, Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR

Provider:

rankingCoach GmbH
Brügelmannstrasse 3
50679 Köln,
Germany

Privacy policy:

https://www.rankingcoach.com/en-us/privacy-policystatus.io
Purpose:

Status page with up-to-date information on the accessibility and functionality of our system.

Data Category:

Inventory data (email address)

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user, customers/interested parties of the Jimdo website

Legal Basis:

Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR

Provider:

T3CH.com LLC,
19 N.
County Line Road,
Jackson, NJ 08527, USA

Privacy policy:

https://status.io/privacyPaypal
Purpose:

Payment Controller (Service Provider) chosen by the Jimdo user

Data Category:

Contract data, payment data, inventory data

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user

Legal Basis:

Contract performance, Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR

Provider:

PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l.
et Cie S.C.A.,
22-24 Boulevard Royal
2449 Luxembourg

Privacy policy:

https://www.paypal.com/de/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full?locale.x=de_DEWPEngine
Purpose:

Webspace for the Jimdo Blog

Data Category:

Inventory data, usage data (statistics)

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user, customers/interested parties of the Jimdo Blog and Blog website

Legal Basis:

Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR

Provider:

WP Engine
Irongate House, 22-30 Duke's Place
London, EC3A 7LP, United Kingdom

Privacy policy:

https://wpengine.com/legal/privacy/Fastly Inc.
Purpose:

Content Delivery including the delivery of Google Fonts for Jimdo websites

Data Category:

Inventory data, Content data

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user, customers/interested parties of the Jimdo user’s website

Legal Basis:

Contract performance, Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR

Provider:

Fastly, Inc.
General Counsel, 475 Brannan St, Suite 300
San Francisco, CA 94107, USA

Privacy policy:

https://www.fastly.com/privacyDISQUS
Purpose:

Comments system for the Jimdo Blogs/Blog Pages created with Jimdo

Data Category:

Inventory data, Content data

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user, customers/interested parties of the Jimdo Blog and Blog website

Legal Basis:

Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR
Contract performance, Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR

Provider:

DISQUS, Inc.,
301 Howard St, Floor 3
San Francisco, CA 94105, USA

Privacy policy:

https://help.disqus.com/terms-and-policies/disqus-privacy-policyTwyla
Purpose:

Chat Support System for Customer support

Data Category:

Inventory data, content data, usage data (determined by the user)

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user, customers/interested parties of the Jimdo website and services

Legal Basis:

Contract performance, Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR, Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR

Provider:

Twyla GmbH
Winterfeldtstraße 21
10781 Berlin
Germany

Privacy policy:

https://www.twylahelps.com/privacy-policyZendesk
Purpose:

Ticket System for support requests

Data Category:

Inventory data, content data, usage data (determined by the user)

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user, customers/interested parties of the Jimdo website and services

Legal Basis:

Contract performance, Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR, Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR

Provider:

Zendesk, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Officer
1019 Market Street
San Francisco, CA 94103, United States

Privacy policy:

https://www.zendesk.de/company/customers-partners/#privacy-policyLaunchdarkly
Purpose:

Crash/Problem Reporting

Data Category:

Usage data

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user, customers/interested parties of the Jimdo website / visitors to the website of the Jimdo user

Legal Basis:

Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR

Provider:

Catamorphic, Co.
(LaunchDarkly)
405 14th Street
Oakland, CA 94612, USA

Privacy policy:

https://launchdarkly.com/policies/privacy/Facebook Login
Purpose:

Single-Sign-On technology

Data Category:

Inventory data (login credentials, email)

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user, customers/interested parties of the Jimdo website and services

Legal Basis:

Contract performance, Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR / Consent as provided by the Jimdo user, Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR, as well as Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR, see further details above

Provider:

Facebook Inc
1 Hacker Way
Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA

Privacy policy:

https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/Google Plus Login
Purpose:

Single-Sign-On technology

Data Category:

Inventory data (login credentials, email)

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user, customers/interested parties of the Jimdo website and services

Legal Basis:

Contract performance, Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR / Consent as provided by the Jimdo user, Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR, as well as Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR, see further details above

Provider:

Google Ireland Limited, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland

Privacy policy:

https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/Youtube
Purpose:

Youtube embedding function for displaying and playing videos of the provider Youtube using the extended data protection mode.

Data Category:

Inventory data

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user, customers/interested parties of the Jimdo website and services

Legal Basis:

Contract performance, Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR / Consent as provided by the Jimdo user, Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR, as well as Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR, see further details above

Provider:

Google Ireland Limited, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland

Privacy policy:

https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacyPrefinery
Purpose:

Tool for customer acquisition and product publications

Data Category:

usage data

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user, customers/interested parties of the Jimdo website and services

Legal Basis:

Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR

Provider:

Prefinery
1108 Lavaca Street, Suite 110-318
Austin, TX 78701, USA

Privacy policy:

https://www.prefinery.com/privacyAmazon Web Service
Purpose:

Storage of user content DNS, Javascript Code, Stylesheet Files, storage of www.jimdo.com content

Data Category:

Content data, inventory data, usage data

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user

Legal Basis:

Contract performance, Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR

Provider:

Amazon Web Services Germany GmbH
Krausenstr.
38
10117 Berlin
Germany

Privacy policy:

https://aws.amazon.com/de/privacy/?nc1=f_prTableau
Purpose:

Tool for the analysis of data and data logs

Data Category:

Inventory data, usage data

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user, customers/interested parties of the Jimdo website

Legal Basis:

Contract performance, Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR

Provider:

Tableau Germany GmbH
An der Welle 4
60322 Frankfurt am Main
Germany

Privacy policy:

https://www.tableau.com/de-de/privacyFacebook Pixel and Custom Audiences
Purpose:

In the case of explicit consent, this may track the behavior of users after they have seen or clicked on a Facebook ad.
This process is designed to evaluate the effectiveness of Facebook advertisements for statistical and market research purposes and may help to optimize future advertising efforts.

Data Category:

determined by the user

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user, customers/interested parties of the Jimdo website

Legal Basis:

Consent as provided by the Jimdo user Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR, Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR

Provider:

Facebook Inc
1 Hacker Way
Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA

Privacy policy:

Browser Plugin, Opt-Out Link siehe oben
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/Hotjar
Purpose:

Conversion optimisation

Data Category:

Inventory data, usage data

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user, customers/interested parties of the Jimdo website

Legal Basis:

Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR, see further details above

Provider:

Hotjar Ltd., Malta
Hotjar Ltd, Level 2
St Julians Business Centre,
3, Elia Zammit Street,
St Julians, STJ 1000, Malta

Privacy policy:

https://www.hotjar.com/opt-outTaboola
Purpose:

Content recommendation platform

Data Category:

Inventory data

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user, customers/interested parties of the Jimdo website

Legal Basis:

Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR, see further details above

Provider:

Taboola, Inc.,
28 West 23rd Street, 5th Floor,
New York, NY 10010, USA

Privacy policy:

https://www.taboola.com/privacy-policyTV-Squared
Purpose:

This website uses TVSquared for statistical analysis of visitors traffic in connection with TV advertising

Data Category:

Jimdo user’s data,Persons interested in the Jimdo offering.
i.e.
visitors of www.jimdo.com websites

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user, Persons interested in the Jimdo offering.
i.e.
visitors of www.jimdo.com websites

Legal Basis:

Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR, see further details above

Provider:

TV Squared Limited,
Codebase, Argyle House,
3 Lady Lawson St,
Edinburgh, EH3 9DR

Privacy policy:

https://tvsquared.com/privacy-policy/bunchbox
Purpose:

Site Optimization tool for the implementation of A / B tests and multivariate analysis

Data Category:

Inventory data, usage data

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user, customers/interested parties of the Jimdo website

Legal Basis:

Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR, see further details above

Provider:

app.bunchbox.co,
Peaks &amp.
Pies GmbH,
Raboisen 30,
20095 Hamburg
Germany

Privacy policy:

https://peaksandpies.com
https://peaksandpies.com/datenschutzsmartly.io
Purpose:

Tool for advertising campaigns for Facebook and Instagram

Data Category:

Inventory data, usage data

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user, customers/interested parties of the Jimdo website

Legal Basis:

Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR

Provider:

SMARTLY.IO SOLUTIONS OY
Elielinaukio 2 G
00100 Helsinki, Finland

Privacy policy:

https://cdn2.hubspot.net/hubfs/1570479/Privacy%20Policy/Smartly.io%20Privacy%20Policy.pdfZoho
Purpose:

Jimdo Pages Promotions Database

Data Category:

Inventory data

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user, customers/interested parties of the Jimdo website

Legal Basis:

Consent as provided by the Jimdo user, Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR, as well as Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR

Provider:

Zoho Corporation
4141 Hacienda Drive
Pleasanton, CA 94588, USA

Privacy policy:

https://www.zoho.eu/privacy.htmlFullstory
Purpose:

Fullstory records user behavior on our website.
Visitor recordings allow Jimdo to analyze them and then improve the visitors website experience.
Fullstory stores and collects data in an anonymous form using cookies.Tracking (that is, the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to the use of the website) can be deactivated at any time.
Please follow the instructions on https://www.fullstory.com/optout.

Data Category:

Usage data

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user, customers/interested parties of the Jimdo website

Legal Basis:

Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR, see further details above

Provider:

Fullstory Inc.,
120 Ottley Drive NE, Suite 100,
Atlanta, GA 30324, USA

Privacy policy:

Opt out:
https://www.fullstory.com/legal/privacy-policy/Surveymoney
Purpose:

For surveys we use the services of SurveyMonkey.

Data Category:

Inventory data

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user, customers/interested parties of the Jimdo website

Legal Basis:

Consent as provided by the Jimdo user, Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR, as well as Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR

Provider:

SurveyMonkey Europe UC
2nd Floor, 2 Shelbourne Buildings,
Shelbourne Road, Dublin, Ireland

Privacy policy:

https://www.surveymonkey.de/mp/policy/privacy-policy/Trustpilot
Purpose:

Customer Reviews

Data Category:

Inventory data

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user, customers/interested parties of the Jimdo website

Legal Basis:

Consent as provided by the Jimdo user, Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR

Provider:

Trustpilot A/S
Pilestræde 58, 5
1112 Kopenhagen, Denmark

Privacy policy:

https://legal.trustpilot.de/end-user-privacy-termsBing
Purpose:

Online Ad Marketing

Data Category:

Inventory data, usage data

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user, customers/interested parties of the Jimdo website

Legal Basis:

Consent as provided by the Jimdo user, Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR / Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR

Provider:

Microsoft Corporation
One Microsoft Way
Redmond, WA 98052-6399, USA

Privacy policy:

https://choice.microsoft.com/en-us/opt-outLinkedIn
Purpose:

Online Ad Marketing

Data Category:

Inventory data, usage data

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user, customers/interested parties of the Jimdo website

Legal Basis:

Consent as provided by the Jimdo user, Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR / Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR

Provider:

LinkedIn
Ireland
Unlimited Company
Wilton Place
Dublin 2, Ireland

Privacy policy:

https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-outQuantcast
Purpose:

Online Ad Marketing, Retargeting, Web-analysis

Data Category:

Inventory data, usage data

Data Subject:
Jimdo user, customers/interested parties of the Jimdo website

Legal Basis:

Consent as provided by the Jimdo user, Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR and/or Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR

Provider:

Quantcast International Limited,
Glandore Business Centres,
Fitzwilliam Hall, Fitzwilliam Place,
Dublin 2, Ireland

Privacy policy/ Opt Out:
https://www.quantcast.com/opt-out/Falcon.io
Purpose:

Social Media Tool:It allows us to publish content across networks, platforms and channels, edit and answer to user responses, search social media and platforms for mentions, and analyze all interactions with us and our actions.
Whenever a user interacts with our online presence within social networks and platforms, their personal data as a Jimdo prospect or user, is processed by Jimdo, via Falcon, and this includes the data of the social media profile being used at the time.
This data can include for example: name, gender, profile picture, profile URL, handle / username.
In addition, the timestamp of the interaction with our online presence is recorded.

Data Category:

Inventory data, social media (profile-) data (determined by data subject)

Data Subject:

Jimdo user

Legal Basis:

Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR

Provider:

Falcon.io ApS,
H.C.
Andersens boulevard 27,
1st floor,
1553 Copenhagen V, Denmark

Privacy:

https://www.falcon.io/privacy-policy/Outbrain
Purpose:

Conversion Tracking to measure the cross-device impact of campaigns.
In the case of explicit consent, this may track the behavior of Outbrainusers after they have seen or clicked on a Outbrainad and merge this information with the Outbrainprofile of the user.
jimdo uses the Outbrain to evaluate the effectiveness of Outbrainadvertisements for statistical and market research purposes and collects data in pseudonymized form unless the user has provided their explicit consent.

Data Category:

Inventory data, usage data

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user, customers/interested parties of the Jimdo website

Legal Basis:

Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR and for non pseudonymized data

Provider:

Outbrain Inc.,
39 West 13th Street,
3rd floor,
New York, NY 10011
USA

Privacy policy:

https://www.outbrain.com/legal/privacy#privacy-policyJimdo Affiliate program with the Easy-M Platform
Purpose:

Affiliate management system and platform

Data Category:

Usage datas, inventory datas

Data Subjects:

Jimdo user

Legal Basis:

Performance of a contract, Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR

Provider:

EASY Marketing GmbH (Easy-M)
Asselner Hellweg 124
44319 Dortmund
info@easy-m.de
+49 (0) 231 - 58 69 55 - 0

Privacy policy:

https://www.easy-m.de/datenschutzerklaerung/Litmus
Purpose:

Analysis of the presentation of our Newsletter Emails

Data Category:

Inventory Data, Statistical Data

Data Subjects:

Newsletter Subscribers

Legal Basis:

Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR

Provider:

Litmus Software Inc.
(675 Massachusetts Ave., 10th Floor, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA

Privacy policy:

https://litmus.com/privacyMaestro QA
Purpose:
Analysis software used to guarantee the quality of our customer service

Data Category:
Inventory data, content data

Data Subject:
Jimdo user, customers/interested parties of the Jimdo website

Legal Basis:
Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR

Provider:
AdTrib, Inc., 41East 11th Street - 11th floor, New York 10003 USA

Privacy policy/ Opt Out:
https://www.maestroqa.comGoogle Hangouts
Purpose:
Chat Support System for customer support and sales.

Data Category:
Inventory data, content data

Data Subjects:
Jimdo user, customers/interested parties

Legal Basis:
Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR and/or Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR

Provider:
Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland, Parentcompany: Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA

Privacy policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacyCalendly
Purpose:
Online appointment organizer

Data Category:
Inventory data, content data

Data Subjects:
Jimdo user, customers/interested parties

Legal Basis:
Performance of a contract, Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR / Legitimat Interest 6 (1) (f) GDPR

Provider:
Calendly, 1315 Peachtree St NE,
Atlanta, GA 30309, USA

Privacy policy:
https://calendly.com/de/pages/privacyZemanta
Purpose:
Content recommendation platform

Data Category:
Inventory data, content data

Data Subject:
Jimdo user, customers/interested parties of the Jimdo website

Legal Basis:
Consent, Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR

Provider:
zemanta Inc.,
39 West 13th St
3rd FI New York,
10011 USA

Privacy policy
https://vault.pactsafe.io/s/9ac72792-c7df-4d0d-832d-0ca873f73a64/privacyImpact
Purpose:
Affiliate management system and platform

Data Category:
Usage datas, inventory datas

Data Subjects:
Jimdo users/ Interested Parties

Legal Basis:
Performance of a contract, Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR

Provider:
Impact Radius Limited,
14 Bedford Square,
London WC1B 3JA,
United Kingdom (“IMPACT”)
privacy@impact.com

Privacy policy:
https://impact.com/privacy-policy/Typeform
Purpose:
In order to enter business details into our business data bank, we use Typeform.

Data Category:
Inventory data, content data

Data Subjects:
Jimdo user, customers/interested parties of the Jimdo website

Legal Basis:
Consent Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR

Provider:
TYPEFORM S.L., Carrer Bac de Roda 163, 08018 Barcelona, Spain

Privacy policy:
https://admin.typeform.com/to/dwk6gtSentry
Purpose:
Guarantees the technical stability of our services by monitoring system stability and detecting code errors.

Data Category:
Inventory data, usage data

Data Subject:
Jimdo user, customers/interested parties of the Jimdo website

Legal Basis:
Performance of a contract, Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR

Provider:
Sentry, 132 Hawthorne St, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA

Privacy policy
https://sentry.io/privacyHappyscribe
Purpose:
Transcription Service for User Interviews

Data Category:
Content Data

Data Subject:
Jimdo user, customers/interested parties of the Jimdo website

Legal Basis:
Consent Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR

Provider:
Happy Scribe Ltd.,
The Black Church,
Saint Mary's Place North,
Dublin 7, D07 P4AX
Ireland

Privacy policy:
https://www.happyscribe.com/privacyZoom
Purpose:
Video-Chat Support System for Interviews, survey, customer support and sales.

Data Category:
Inventory data, content data, usage data

Data Subjects:
Jimdo user, customers/interested parties

Legal Basis:
Consent Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR / Contract performance, Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR.

Provider:
Zoom Video Communications, Inc., 55 Almaden Boulevard, 6th Floor, San Jose, CA 95113 USA

Privacy policy:
https://zoom.us/docs/en-us/privacy-and-legal.htmlApple Sign On/ Sign in
Purpose:
Enables a sign up or login via the user’s Apple/iTunes id.

Data Category:
Inventory data

Data Subjects:
Jimdo user

Legal Basis:
Consent Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR

Provider:
Apple Inc., One Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014, USA

Privacy policy:
https://www.apple.com/de/legal/privacy/de-ww/Google Hangouts
Purpose:
Chat Support System for customer support and sales.

Data Category:
Inventory data, content data

Data Subjects:
Jimdo user, customers/interested parties

Legal Basis:
Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR and/or Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR

Provider:
Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland, Parentcompany: Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA

Privacy policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacyTranscom
Purpose
Customer Support

Data Category
Inventory data, content data, usage data

Data Subjects
Jimdo user, customers/interested parties

Legal Basis:
Contract performance, Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR,
Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR

Provider:
Transcom Rostock GmbH
Trelleborger Strasse
18107 Rostock
Germany

Privacy Policy:
https://www.transcom.com/en/data-protection-notice-cookie-policyUnbounce
Purpose
Site Optimization tool for the implementation of A/B tests and multivariate analysis and conversion optimisation

Data Category
Inventory data, content data, usage data

Data Subjects
Jimdo user, interested parties

Legal Basis:
Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR

Provider:
400-401 West Georgia St.
Vancouver, BC, Canada, V6B 5A1
Unbounce Germany GmbH (Apartment 1) c/o Factory Works GmbH Rheinsberger Str.
76/77 10115 Berlin, Germany

Privacy Policy:
https://unbounce.com/privacy/Zendesk Chat
Purpose:
Chat Support System

Data Category:
Inventory data, content data

Data Subjects:
Jimdo user, customers/interested parties

Legal Basis:
Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR

Provider:
Zendesk, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Officer
1019 Market Street
San Francisco, CA 94103, USA

Privacy policy:
https://www.zendesk.de/company/customers-partners/#privacy-policyMopinion
Purpose:
For customer surveys, opinion polls and in order to get feedback on our products, we use Mopinion.

Data Category:
Inventory data, content data

Data Subjects:
Jimdo users

Legal Basis:
Consent 6 (1) (a) GDPR and/or Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR

Provider:
Mopinion B.V., Pannekoekstraat 104, 3011 LL Rotterdam, Niederlande

Privacy policy:
https://mopinion.com/legal/policies/privacy-statements/AB Tasty
Purpose:
Web analysis service used for A/B and multivariate Test.

Data Category:
Usage Data, content Data

Data Subjects:
Jimdo User, interested parties of the Jimdo Website

Legal Basis:
Consent Article 6 (1)(a) GDPR and/or Legitimate interest Article 6 (1)(f) GDPR

Provider:
AB Tasty GmbH - Lebacher Straße 4, 66113 Saarbrücken - HRB 102899

Privacy policy:
https://www.abtasty.com/terms-of-use/Facebook Business Extension
Purpose:
Where the Jimdo User activates the Facebook Business
Extension (FBE) for their Jimdo Dolphin website, Jimdo
will enable the technical transfer of data to Facebook via
the settings activated by the User (such as the Facebook
Pixel, Catalog, and Facebook Page Shops etc.).
More information on the FBE and the data transferred,
depending on the activated settings can be found here:
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/marketing-api/fbe/?l.

Data Category:
Determined by the User

Data Subjects:
Jimdo User

Legal Basis:
Performance of a contract, Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR

Provider:
Facebook Inc 1 Hacker Way Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA

Privacy policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/Simplesat
Purpose:
Customer surveys after support interaction that allow us to get feedback on our products and our service.

Data Category:
Inventory data, content data

Data Subjects:
Jimdo user, customers/interested parties/visitors

Legal Basis:
Legitimate interest Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR

Provider:
Pronto Holdings LTD (d/b/a Simplesat), Ltd.
Suite 202, 2/F., 6-8 Pottinger Street, Central, Hong Kong

Privacy policy:
https://www.simplesat.io/privacy/TikTok for Business
Purpose:
In the case of explicit consent, this may track the behavior of users after they have seen or clicked on a Tik-tok Advertisement from Jimdo.
This process is designed to evaluate the effectiveness of Tik-tok’s advertisements for statistical and market research purposes and may help to optimize future advertising efforts.

Data Category:
usage data

Data Subjects:
Jimdo users, interested parties of the Jimdo website and services

Legal Basis:
Consent as provided by the Jimdo user Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR

Provider:
TikTok Inc.
Culver City (HQ), CA
United States
10100 Venice Blvd #401 

Privacy policy:
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy?lang=enVersion:May 2018Note:The previously valid Jimdo privacy statements have been archived and are available under the following link: https://www.jimdo.com/info/privacy-policy-10-2011/
