
Not happy with your Jimdo subscription? We are sorry to see you go.
You can cancel your service contract and receive a full refund within 14 days of your initial purchase.
You do not need to provide a reason, though we always appreciate hearing what we could have done better.
Please contact our Customer Support Team to cancel your contract.
Cancellation requests must be received in text form (via letter, fax, or email) or by using the form attached below.
You can email our Support Team directly at billing@jimdo.com.

Your cancellation request must be received in writing within 14-days of the initial purchase in order for you to receive your refund. After the 14-day window, you may cancel your contract at any time, but no refund will be provided.Effects of cancellationIf you cancel your contract within the 14-day window, we will process your refund within two weeks of receiving your request.
We will return your payment using the same payment method that you originally used.
Once the cancellation is completed, Jimdo will delete all domains associated with the contract (unless they have already been moved to another provider) as well as any email account(s) associated with those domains.
Your contract period begins after this policy has been provided to you in text form, but not before formation of the contract and not before our compliance with our information obligations consistent with Article 246 §2 in conjunction with §1 sections 1 and 2 of the Introductory Law of the German Civil Code (EGBGB) as well as our obligations under §312e section 1 clause 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) in conjunction with the Article 246 §3 of the EGBGB.
Timely submission of the cancellation notification is sufficient to ensure cancellation.
Cancellation notices should be sent to pro@jimdo.com, business@jimdo.com, or Jimdo GmbH, Cancellations, Stresemannstr.
375, 22761 Hamburg, Germany.Jimdo Cancellation FormOur money-back guarantee for rankingCoachJimdo now grants you an additional 16 day money back guarantee on top of the statutory 14 day right of withdrawal on the purchase of the rankingCoach SEO package.
This total trial period of 30 days begins with your order.
If you wish to avail of the money back guarantee, please send us a clear request, in text form, within this trial period to support@jimdo.de, or via post to Jimdo GmbH, Stresemannstr.
375, 22761 Hamburg Germany, or via fax to +49 40 - 8 22 44 998.
We will return your payment within two weeks using the same payment method that you originally used to make this purchase.
