
        Privacy PolicyTL;DR:We do not and never will track you.
We do not and never will sell any information about you to 3rd parties.
We use the least amount of data possible to provide the service.
You can contact us at any time with questions and/or requests about your data.
The meat of itAt Join Run, accessible from https://join.run/, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors.
This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Join Run and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.

This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in Join Run.
This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.ConsentBy using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.Information we collectThe personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.
If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide.How we use your informationWe use the information we collect in various ways, including to:

Provide the service itself
Provide, operate, and maintain our webste
Improve, personalize, and expand our webste
Develop new products, services, features, and functionality
Send you emails
Find and prevent fraud
Log FilesJoin Run follows a standard procedure of using log files.
These files log visitors when they visit websites.
All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics.
The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages.
These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
The purpose of the information is for analyzing issues and administering the site.CookiesLike any other website, Join Run uses 'cookies'.
These cookies are used solely to store information about your account so we can remember you and you don't have to sign in every time.
For more general information on cookies, please read "What Are Cookies".Third Party Privacy PoliciesJoin Run's Privacy Policy does not apply to other services you use to connect to it (like Strava).
Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-parties for more detailed information.CCPA Privacy Rights (Do Not Sell My Personal Information)Under the CCPA, among other rights, California consumers have the right to:
Request that a business that collects a consumer's personal data disclose the categories and specific pieces of personal data that a business has collected about consumers.
Request that a business delete any personal data about the consumer that a business has collected.
Request that a business that sells a consumer's personal data, not sell the consumer's personal data.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you, but we will aim to respond within a day.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.GDPR Data Protection RightsWe would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights.
Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access – You have the right to request copies of your personal data.
We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate.
You also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you, but we will aim to respond within a day.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
This policy is effective as of 1 January 2020.
