
         Cookies Policy 
JuicyAds.com
Cookie Use Policy


Last Modified: December 12, 2018

Cookies are small files of letters and numbers stored on your browser or device that enable the cookie owner to recognize the device when it visits websites or uses online services.
The website you visit may set cookies directly, known as first-party cookies, or may trigger cookies set by other domain names, known as third-party cookies.
While we may automatically use some cookies that are strictly necessary to provide the services you request or enable communications, we request your consent for all our other cookie uses.

Types of Cookies We Use

We may use the following types of cookies:


Strictly necessary cookies. Our website requires the use of these cookies to properly operate or provide necessary functions relating to the services you request.
They include, for example, cookies enabling you to securely log into our website or purchase services.

Analytical/performance cookies.
These cookies allow us and our third-party service providers to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it.
This helps us improve how our website works by, for example, ensuring that users can easily find what they need on our website.
These cookies generate aggregate statistics that are not associated with an individualized profile.

Functionality cookies.
These cookies enable helpful but non-essential website functions that improve your website experience.
By recognizing you when you return to our website, they may, for example, allow us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name, or remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
These cookies do not enable visitor identification over time and across websites.

Advertising, tracking, or targeting cookies. These cookies enable different advertising related functions.
They may allow us to record information about your visit to our website, such as pages visited and links followed so we can make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests.
These cookies may enable visitor identification across websites and over time.

Third-party cookies.
Our website may contain helpful but non-essential features or plug-ins enabling third-party services that use cookies, such as social network connectors, advertising networks, or web traffic analysis services.
These cookies may enable visitor identification across websites and over time.
We do not control the third party’s use of those cookies.
Please review each party’s cookie disclosure before consenting to this use category.

Our Privacy Policy describes our practices for any personal data that our first-party cookies collect, store, or use.
Except for strictly necessary cookies, all first-party cookies set by this site will expire no later than two years after your last website visit.
Third-party cookie expiration periods are set by their respective owners.
Please see our Cookies Table for a list of the individual first-party and third-party cookies potentially used on this site and their specific purposes.

Cross-Border Data Transfers

The cookies we use may process, store, or transfer personal data in and to a country outside your own, with privacy laws that provide different, possibly lower, protections.
You consent to this transfer, storing, or processing when you consent to our cookie use.
We are based in Canada.
Please review the third-party cookie provider’s policy to learn more about its location.

Your Cookie Choices

Please visit our consent manager tool to make or manage your cookie use preferences.
You may withdraw your consent for our cookie uses that are not strictly necessary at any time by re-engaging the consent manager tool.
Most web browsers allow you to directly block all cookies, or just third-party cookies, through your browser settings.
Using your browser settings to block all cookies, including strictly necessary ones, may interfere with proper site operation.

Changes to Our Cookie Uses

We will post any changes to the way we use cookies on this page and indicate on our website that we updated this cookie notice.
If the changes materially alter how we use cookies, we will post a notice on our website and request your consent for the materially different use.
Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our cookie use notice.

Contact Information

Please submit any questions, comments, or requests regarding this cookie use notice using the process described in our Privacy Policy.
