
        Cookie Policy for Juicer.ioWhat Are Cookies?Cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the computer that you are using.
Cookies allow us to collect information such as browser type, time spent on the Digital Services, pages visited, language preferences, and other web traffic data.
We, and our service providers, use the information for security purposes, to facilitate online navigation, to display information more effectively, to personalize your experience while using the Digital Services, and to otherwise analyze user activity.
We can recognize your computer to assist your use of the Digital Services.
We also gather statistical information about the usage of the Digital Services in order to continually improve their design and functionality, understand how the Digital Services are used, and assist us with resolving questions regarding the Digital Services.
Cookies further allow us to select which of our offers are most likely to appeal to you and to display them to you.
We may also use cookies to see how you interact with our offers, and we may use cookies or other files to understand your use of our websites.How does Juicer.io use Cookies?We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below.
Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site.
It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.How to disable CookiesIf you do not want information collected through the use of cookies when using your Juicer account or our website, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline cookies or gives you the choice of declining or accepting the transfer to your computer of a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular site.
You may also wish to refer to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html.
However, if you do not accept these cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the Digital Services.
For example, we may not be able to recognize your computer, and you may need to log in every time you visit the applicable Digital Services.The Cookies We SetAccount related CookiesIf you register an account on Juicer.io we will use cookies to manage the signup process and general administration.
These cookies will be deleted when you log out.Login related cookiesTo prevent you from having to log in every single time you visit Juicer.io, we use cookies to remember your login state.
Those cookies are deleted when you log out to ensure that other users of your machine cannot access your private data.Third Party CookiesIn some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties.
The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.

The payment processor Stripe is used to process your payments and cookies are essential to ensure that your order is remembered between pages so that Stripe and Juicer.io can process it properly.
This site uses Google Analytics which a common and trusted tool that helps website owners measure how users interact with website content.
These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
Juicer uses Zendesk to communicate with our clients and to offer personal help and information in real time.
Zendesk utilizes cookies to keep track of ongoing and past conversations.
From time to time we test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered.
When we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimisations our users appreciate the most.
We also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways.
For these to work the following social media sites including.
Facebook, Instagram and Twitter, will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.
More InformationHopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren't sure whether you need or not it's usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site.
However if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us by email: hello@juicer.io
