
         Terms of Service 1.
Terms
By accessing this website (Jukehost) at https://jukehost.co.uk, you (user) are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws.
If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site.
The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
2.
Use License

Permission is granted to use Jukehost's website for personal, non-commercial and commercial use only.
This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:

Upload files that you do not have the right to use;
Use jukehost for sharing files, the site is only for streaming them;
Attempt to copy Jukehost's website;
Remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials.
or
Transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.


This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Jukehost at any time.

3.
Disclaimer

The materials on Jukehost's website are provided on an 'as is' basis.
Jukehost makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
Further, Jukehost does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
 Jukehost has the right to view, download, delete any uploaded material 
 Uploading religious material is strictly forbidden 
Jukehost accepts no liability for royalties associated with the streaming of material hosted on JukeHost, by using Jukehost you agree to be liable for any royalty payments associated with content you have uploaded.
Jukehost does not accept responsibility for any user uploaded content, the responsibility resigns with the user (you) that uploaded it.
Thus, JukeHost will not be held accountable for actions imposed by a DCMA request, or any type of Copyright request, however we will do out best to remove offending content from our servers within 24 hours of notice.
You can issue DCMA request
Here
Jukehost reserves the right to terminate you account without any warning or consent.

4.
Limitations
In no event shall Jukehost or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Jukehost's website, even if Jukehost or a Jukehost authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage.
Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5.
Accuracy of materials
The materials appearing on Jukehost's website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors.
Jukehost does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current.
Jukehost may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice.
However Jukehost does not make any commitment to update the materials.
6.
Links
Jukehost has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site.
The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Jukehost of the site.
Use of any such linked website is at the user's own risk.
7.
Modifications
Jukehost may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice.
By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current, and any future version of these terms of service.
8.
Governing Law
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United Kingdom and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.
You are not to use jukehost for illegal purposes (including copyright law &amp.
possession law), by doing so your account will be terminated and uploaded assets will be purged
 Last updated: 11th November 2018


