

 Privacy Policy Last modified: February 1, 2021 Introduction This policy describes the types of information Jukin Media, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, "Jukin" or "We") may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit any and all Jukin properties, including, but not limited to, owned or operated brands, websites, applications, or other services, including but not limited to any content or programming delivered over the Internet via applications on consumer devices, including but not limited to, desktop computers, mobile phones, tablets, connected television devices, or other similar devices that link to or reference this Privacy Policy, and all corresponding domains, subdomains, web pages, and websites associated therewith (our "Properties"), and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect or that you may provide:

On the Properties.
In email, text, and other electronic communications between you and the Properties.
Through mobile and desktop applications you download or access from the Properties, which may provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and the Properties.
When you purchase, download, install, register with, access, or use the Properties.
When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy.


It does not apply to information that:

We collect offline or through any other means.
or
You provide to or is collected by any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Properties.


Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it.
If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Properties.
By accessing, using, downloading, or registering with the Properties, you agree to this privacy policy.
This policy may change from time to time.
Your continued use of the Properties after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates. Children Under the Age of 13 Our Properties are not intended for children under 13 years of age.
No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on the Properties.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.
If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Properties or through any of its features, register on the Properties, make any purchases through the Properties, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Properties, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use.
If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information.
If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at privacy@jukinmedia.com or (323) 932-0960. Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It We collect several types of information from and about users of our Properties, including information:

By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, username or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline ("personal information");
That is about you but individually does not identify you, such as aggregated information or general location information.
and/or
About your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Properties, and usage details


We collect this information:

Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the site.
Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, device-specific information, and other tracking technologies.
From third parties, for example, our business partners.



Information You Provide to Us


The information we collect on or through our Properties may include:

Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Properties.
This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Properties, subscribing to our service, posting material, or requesting further services.
We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our Properties.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Properties and of the fulfillment of your orders.
Your search queries on the Properties.

You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, "posted") on public areas of the Properties, or transmitted to other users of the Properties or third parties (collectively, "User Contributions").
Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk.
Please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Properties with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions.
Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.


Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies


As you navigate through and interact with our Properties, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:

Details of your visits to our Properties, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Properties.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type

We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking).
Email privacy@jukinmedia.com for information on how you can opt out of behavioral tracking on this website.
The information we collect automatically may include personal information, but we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties.
It helps us to improve our Properties and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:

Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Properties according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Properties.

The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:


Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer.
You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser.
However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Properties.
Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Properties.
For more information on our cookie policy, click HERE.

Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Properties may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Properties.
Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies.

Web Beacons. Pages of our the Properties and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Jukin, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).

 Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Properties are served by thirdparties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers.
These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website.
The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services.
They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used.
If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. How We Use Your Information We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:

To present our Properties and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To provide you with notices about your account or subscription, including expiration and renewal notices.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Properties or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Properties.
To provide the option for you to pick up a viewed program where you left off when you launch the Properties on a different device, by tracking of the content you have watched, when you watched the content, the point at which you stopped watching the content, make recordings of that content, and connecting that information to your account, along with identifying all devices you use in connection with your account.
The Properties may also permits you to pause, rewind or fast-forward content.
To be able to do this, we may make recordings of the content you are watching and connect that information with your account.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.


We may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers' target audiences.
Even though we do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria. Disclosure of Your Information We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:

To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Jukin's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Jukin about our Properties users is among the assets transferred.
To third parties to market their products or services to you if you have not opted out of these disclosures.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For example, if you give us an email address to use the "email a friend" feature of our Properties, we will transmit the contents of that email and your email address to the recipients.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.


We may also disclose your personal information:

To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Jukin, our customers, or others.

 NOTICE TO USERS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES Jukin Media is a California corporation and the products and services available on the Properties are provided by or on behalf of Jukin based in the United States.
If you are located outside of the United States, be advised that the Personal Information that you provide will be transferred to and maintained inside and outside the United States, and these jurisdictions’ data protection and privacy laws may not off the same level of protection as those of the country where you reside or are a citizen.
If you do not consent to this transfer, do not accept this Privacy Policy or otherwise use the Properties.
By using our Properties and providing us with your information, you are consenting to the transfer and processing of such information in the United States and other countries. EUROPEAN UNION CITIZENS OR RESIDENTS Please click HERE for additional privacy policies that may apply to you. CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information.
To learn more about your California privacy rights, visit HERE.
 Data Security 
Platforms and Devices

The Properties may operate on platforms and devices not controlled by us.
Those platforms and devices may use, collect and disclose information, including your Personal Information, subject to their own privacy policies.
The platform and the platform licensees may use, collect and disclose data according to the terms of its privacy policy, other than data you provide directly to Jukin through the Properties, and data generated by us regarding your behavior within the Properties.
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Properties, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Properties like message boards.
The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Properties.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.
Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Properties.
Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk.
We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Properties. Changes to Our Privacy Policy It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page.
If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the Properties home page.
The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page.
You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Properties and this privacy policy to check for any changes. Contact Information To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at: privacy@jukinmedia.com or (323) 932-0960.
