

Jumbo Privacy’s Terms of Service


Last updated on January 7th, 2021

These terms of services and terms and conditions (the “T&CS”) govern your use and access, either as an individual or a single entity (“You” or “Your” as applicable), to the mobile application entitled “Jumbo” (herein “Jumbo App”) owned and developed by 2121 ATELIER Inc., d/b/a.
Jumbo Privacy, a US corporation (“We”/”Us”/”Our”).

1.
Presentation

We have developed Jumbo App to enable You to manage at Your sole discretion Your online activity and personal content such as, without limitation, Your searches on Your navigator and/or Your publications, pictures and posts (“Your Content”) and privacy settings within your account(s) on third party services, applications and/or networks (“Account(s)”) as available within Jumbo App.
Jumbo App allows You to decide what Content from Your Account(s) You want to keep, delete or transfer to store on Your phone and/or third party online storage services (“Storage Services”) and how You want to manage Your privacy settings within Your Account(s).

2.
Plans provided in the Jumbo App

By downloading the Jumbo App, we grant You a simple right to use the Jumbo App according to the following T&Cs.
This granted license is revocable, free or in consideration of a fee if you select a paid plan, non-exclusive and worldwide.
It is intended for Your strict personal use.

2.1 Description of the different Jumbo Plans

Jumbo App offers three different level of services (the “Services”) depending on which plan you are on between the following : Jumbo Free, Jumbo Plus and Jumbo Pro.
2.1.1.
Jumbo Free
Jumbo Free is accessible to all people which have downloaded the Jumbo App for free.
Services in Jumbo Free include management of content or privacy settings for Accounts You chose to link to the Jumbo App as available in the Jumbo App at the time of download.
2.1.2.
Jumbo Plus
Jumbo Plus is our subscription plan for individuals that want to upgrade from Jumbo Free.
In addition to all Services included in Jumbo Free, You will have access to additional Services as described in the Jumbo App at the date of Your subscription.
2.1.3 Jumbo Pro
Jumbo Pro is our highest level of subscription plan notably for individuals that want to add Accounts concerning their professional life.
In addition to all Services included in Jumbo Plus, You will have access to additional Services as described in the Jumbo App at the date of Your subscription.
If you live in the USA, Jumbo Pro will include an Identity Theft Insurance that you can activate at your discretion, directly in the Jumbo App.
2.1.4.
Change of Services
Services available in the different Jumbo Plans may vary from time to time.
We may add or delete some Services to Your subscription at our discretion.

2.2 Monthly or Yearly Fees

You may chose for your subscription to last for a calendar month or year.
Prices of our monthly (the “Monthly Fee”) or yearly fees (the “Yearly Fee” - together “Fees”) vary depending on whether You have chosen Jumbo Plus and Jumbo Pro as Your subscription plan, and the currency of the country you are located in.
Prices are indicated in the Jumbo App and in your phone application marketplace.
In any case, our Fee prices are indicated in the Jumbo App as prices given in Dollars excluding taxes, unless otherwise specified.
The legal rate of VAT, which is determined by your location, will be indicated when you confirm your suscription and reach the payment page.
Any change of prices of our Fees will be notified to you by us directly through the Jumbo App, or by Apple or Google, depending on the marketplace You are using on Your phone, and will be governed by their terms and conditions.
Changes will only apply to new subscriptions or renewals.
2.2.1.
Pay what you want for Monthly Fees
We have decided to offer a “pay what you want” Monthly Fee for Jumbo Plus and Pro subscribers.
You are free to choose between the Monthly Fee prices indicated in the Jumbo App at the date of Your subscription for your monthly subscription to Jumbo Plus or Pro.
The Monthly Fee You choose will not affect the Services made available to You within Jumbo Plus or Pro offers.
As a user of Jumbo Plus or Jumbo Pro, Your experience with Jumbo Plus or Pro will be the same whether You chose to pay the lower price, or if You chose to pay a higher price.
We want you to choose between the range of price at Your sole discretion.
You can choose to change Your Monthly Fee related to Your Jumbo Plus or Pro subscription at any time, at Your discretion, directly in Your Apple or Google account.
Such change will occur the following month of Your subscription.

2.3.
Subscription Process

When You start using the Jumbo App, you can decide to start a free trial for Jumbo Plus or Pro subject to the conditions of the offer described in the Jumbo App.
At the end of the free trial’s term, your subscription to Jumbo Plus or Jumbo Pro (depending which plan you have tried) will start automatically, unless you cancel your subscription before the end of the free trial term, or decide to change for a subscription to another Jumbo subscription plan.
In any event, You can upgrade to Jumbo Plus or Jumbo Pro by clicking on the plan You have chosen directly in the Jumbo App.
By clicking on Jumbo Plus or Jumbo Pro, We will then either direct You to our app marketplace partners which are the Apple Store or the Google Play store, depending on the exploitation system You use on Your phone (please refer to article 2.5 for more information), either confirm Your suscription by a pop up directly available in the Jumbo App, subject to availability and your location.
Once You have validated Your subscription to Jumbo Plus or Jumbo Pro, You will be re-directed to the Jumbo App that will have been automatically upgraded to the plan of your choosing.

2.4 Payment

2.4.1.
Suscriptions through Apple or Google’s stores
If you have taken a subscription for Jumbo Plus or Pro through the Apple or Google Stores depending on the marketplace available on Your phone, payment for Your subscription plan Fee is due and collected by Apple or Google.
Fees will be payable monthly according to the Apple Store Terms or the Google Play Store Terms, and Your subscription payment will be subject to Apple’s or Google’s applicable payment policy, which may not provide for refunds.
We strongly recommend You read Apple or Google’s terms and conditions before subscribing to one of our plans.
Please note that these terms and conditions are subject to amendments by Apple or Google, whichever applicable.
Jumbo Privacy is not responsible for any payment error or fraud on your Google or Apple account.
Apple and Google collect personal data and payment card data when You made purchases.
They do not give this data to Jumbo Privacy.
Jumbo Privacy does not collect or process credit or debit card data.
To find out more about the processing of your data when you subscribe to a plan, please consult our Privacy Policy.
2.4.2.
Subscriptions through the Jumbo App
Depending on your location and your exploitation system, Jumbo might offer that you subscribe to the Jumbo subscription plans directly in the Jumbo App.
If you subscribe directly in the Jumbo App, your subscription and payments will be subject to the terms contained herein, and payments processed by our payment partner, Stripe.
Fees which correspond to the subscription plan you have chosen, will be directly debited from the payment card you have indicated on the day of your subscription.
Renewals Fees will directly be debited on your payment card on every monthly or yearly anniversary of your subscription, depending on the subscription term you have chosen.

2.5 Term and Termination

Terms for subscriptions to Jumbo Plus and Jumbo Pro start from the day You subscribe to Jumbo Plus or Jumbo Pro, for a duration of one calendar month or one calendar year, depending on the subscription term you have chosen.
Your subscription will then be automatically renewed for successive terms of one month or one year, depending on your initial subscription term.
Your Fee will continue to be billed automatically to the payment method You have provided, unless terminated according to the below conditions.
Refunds cannot be claimed for any partial-month subscription period.
Any Fee payment will be deemed and final, and we will not provide You any refund.
You can terminate Your subscription at any time at least 24 hours before the end of Your subscription:

for users that have a subscription through Google/apple: through Your Apple or Google Store account.
For more information, please refer to the applicable Apple and Google terms and conditions.
for users that have a subscription through the Jumbo App: by sending an email to support@jumboprivacy.com.

The termination will be effective at the end of the calendar month of such termination notice.

2.6 Right of withdrawal

Depending on your geographical location, You may have a period of 14 days to exercise your right of withdrawal, from the day of your subscription, without giving any reason, and without incurring any costs.
To exercise your right of withdrawal for a purchase you made on the Apple Store, please see the sales &amp.
refund terms and conditions of Apple.
To exercise your right of withdrawal for a purchase you made on the Google Play Store, please contact Google through the Google Play Store.
If you want more information regarding how Apple or Google implemented this right of withdrawal, please refer to Apple’s or Google’s applicable payment policy.
To exercise your right of withdrawal for a purchase made through the Jumbo App, please send an email to Jumbo Privacy.
Since we have a strict “no data collection policy”, you need to contact us from Your Jumbo App for us to link your subscription to your DeviceID.
If you need help with this, please contact Jumbo Privacy at support@jumboprivacy.com.

3.
Specificities of some Services offered in Jumbo App


3.1 Transferring Your Content to Storing Services

We believe that it is important for You to decide where You want to keep Your Content stored, therefore We allow You to transfer Your Content to Storage Services that We have selected based on what We believe are the most common Storage Services used by You.
We have no affiliation nor partnership with such Storage Services, nor do We control them.
Therefore, We do not monitor nor endorse the terms of use nor the privacy statements of such Storage Services.
We encourage You to review the terms of use and privacy statements of the Storage Services before You choose to transfer them Your Content, so that You can understand how those Storage Services will store, use and/or share Your Content.

3.2.
Privacy Management

Jumbo Privacy allows You to manage Your privacy settings within Your Accounts by showing You how Your information is used by the Account You select, by following this process :

When You choose an Account to inspect, Jumbo Privacy will respond to Your request and review the use of Your data by the selected Account.
Jumbo Privacy then tells You what data is processed by Your Account, where You can find this data and then offers to delete the data You no longer wish to have processed in Your Account.
These are simple suggestions made following Your request to inspect the data processed in Your Account.
Jumbo App’s proposals are based on what is technically possible to do but no guarantee is given as to the practical application of these requests on Your Account.
You are under no obligation to follow these suggestions, You can either simply read the result of the research or do nothing.

Jumbo Privacy is not responsible for :

the consequences of Your choices on Jumbo App, including the actions taken on Your Account as a result of Your choices, for which You are solely responsible for,
the respect of Your choices made in Your Account.
Only You have the possibility to ensure that the data is no longer processed in accordance with the choices you have made.

Jumbo App does not interfere with the privacy settings available within Your Accounts, nor does it offer additional privacy settings.
We encourage You to review the terms of use and privacy statements of Your accounts to understand what is done with Your personal data in Your accounts.

3.3 Block trackers

If You enable the “Block Tracker” Feature in the Jumbo App, Jumbo Privacy will block connections to servers you have selected by enabling an extension that will appear as a “VPN” on your phone.
Please note that contrary to a VPN, this extension does not encrypt traffic made on your phone.
You can turn this feature off at any time directly in the Jumbo App or through the iOS or Android device settings.
You are the one responsible to choose which trackers you want to block at any time by selecting or deselecting a tracker in your Jumbo App.
You acknowledge and agree that Jumbo Privacy has relied on lists available online from privacy experts’ blogs to decide what trackers to enable you to block or not (notably the list available here).
Therefore, Jumbo Privacy gives no warranty on whether such trackers are effectively tracking your data, and misusing it, and whether you should or not disable them by using the “Block Tracker” feature.
When using this feature, you acknowledge and agree that the process used to block these trackers cannot determine the origin of a connection attempt and as such may occasionally block content you were trying to access.
This is an unwanted side effect of this feature and cannot be completely avoided.
3.4.
Identity Theft insurance
Depending on your location, we might offer to ou Jumbo Pro subscribers to activate an Identity Theft insurance.
The Identity Theft Insurance is underwritten and administered by our partner, Identity Force, an assurant company under group or blanket policy.
Therefore, once you activate your Identity Theft insurance in the Jumbo App, your insurance coverage will be managed solely by Identity Force.
The description of the Identity Theft insurance in the Jumbo App is a summary, and intended for informational purposes only.
It does not include all terms, conditions and exclusions of the described insurance policy.
Please refer to the actual policy for terms, conditions, and exclusions of coverage available here (Identity Force Terms).
3.5.
Delete My data
By using the Delete My Data functionality, You authorize Jumbo Privacy to automatically scan your Gmail Google account in your phone to discover how many companies and services you have been interacting with.
Jumbo Privacy adheres to Google API Services User Data Policy, including the Limited Use requirements, when scanning and displaying in the Jumbo App the information received from the scan of your Gmail Google account completed by using the Google APIs.

4.
Using Jumbo App - Your commitments

We believe privacy and choice of who can access Your Content is one of our most precious freedom.
To ensure Jumbo’s good functioning, and in exchange for such services, We require that you commit to the following, notably when accessing and using Jumbo App :

You must be a human.
Use of Jumbo App by “bots” or other automated methods are not permitted.
You agree to the terms of the T&Cs and the privacy policy as an individual, or for Your company, if You are using Jumbo App as a single entity.
You should not use Jumbo App if You are less than 13 years old of age, or without Your parents and/or legal guardian prior written approval if You are between 13 and 18 years old.
You should only use Jumbo App for Your personal account, for Your personal use and in respect of functionalities provided for within Jumbo App.
You must not communicate Your Jumbo App access code to anyone.
On this point, please refer to Article 4 of these T&Cs.
Jumbo App allows access to the Account You decide to link and therefore to confidential and sensitive information and this information can appear on Your Jumbo App after You inspect Your Account, so You must not access the Jumbo App of third party users or give access to Your Jumbo App to third parties.
You must not disclose the logins to Your Accounts to anyone, any connection to Your Account with Your login, whether from the Jumbo App on Your phone or from a third party’s phone, is Your sole responsibility.
If You have communicated your login to Your Account to a third party, or Your Jumbo App access code, voluntarily or involuntarily, You will be entirely responsible for any decisions that the third party may make on Your behalf from Jumbo App.
Jumbo Privacy is not responsible for the actions of third parties, which will be deemed to be your actions.
Your use of Jumbo App is at your sole risk.
Jumbo App is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis, and we will not be liable for failure to deliver or transmit any information from Your Account, which is Your sole responsibility.
Jumbo Privacy interacts with different social networks to access in Your account, if these do not work or have blocked their access via Jumbo Privacy, Jumbo Privacy cannot be held responsible.
You must validate every action you take as a result of Jumbo’s proposals.
Any decision You make via Jumbo App is permanent.
This means that once You have chosen to delete Your Content and/or to transfer it to a Storage Service, We cannot retrieve Your Content or transfer it back to Your Account it came from.
Therefore We invite You to carefully evaluate all the request You make with Jumbo App.
We decline any responsibility in the event You regret any such request.
If You send Us any question, comment, suggestion, enhancement, idea, and other information regarding Jumbo App, We will be entitled to use and disclose them without any restriction, whether commercial or not, free-of-charge.
You must use Jumbo App fairly, in accordance with the T&Cs, applicable laws and regulations, including intellectual and industrial property laws.
Jumbo App may contain elements, materials and content copyrighted and/or protected by patent and/or intellectual property laws.
You agree not to reproduce, download, represent, modify, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of Jumbo App, use Jumbo App, or access Jumbo App without Our express written permission.
Jumbo App, trademarks, designs, models, images, texts, photos, logos, graphic charts, software and programs, databases, sounds, videos, domain names, designs or any other element composing the application, with the exception of Your Accounts, are the exclusive property of Jumbo Privacy and are protected by any intellectual or industrial property right recognized by the laws in force.
You must not interfere with the proper functioning of Jumbo App, including introducing viruses or any other technology harmful to Jumbo App or associated services.
It is Your responsibility to protect Your equipment and Your connection against any form of malicious, fraudulent, prohibited or illegal external intrusion.
You must not modify, adapt or hack Jumbo App.
You must not access or use Jumbo App by any means other than downloading its application distributed by Apple and Android from legal platforms such as Google Play for Android and App Store for iOS.
You choose and decide alone to use Jumbo App.
Jumbo App provides You with services to help You regain control of Your privacy, which You are free to use or not, at Your sole discretion.
The service only includes a control over Jumbo App.
You are solely responsible for the use of the data provided by Jumbo App.
Any changes or deletions are at Your own risk.
Consequently, Jumbo Privacy cannot be held liable for the sole fact of the use of our services by You.
You should not use Jumbo App in violation of the T&Cs, applicable laws and/or third party rights, if You do, we can suspend the use of the application and close Your paying account.
We can also communicate all necessary information to the competent services in charge of the repression of offences.


5.
Limits on liability and disclaimers

5.1.
Jumbo Privacy is not a law firm

We provide you with privacy information and self-help tools.
The information provided in Your Account together with the content on our blog is provided for your private use and does not constitute legal advice.
If you need legal advice for a specific problem, you should consult a licensed lawyer.
Furthermore, as we are not lawyers, please note that any communications between us is not protected under the attorney-client privilege.
5.2.
Jumbo Privacy is provided “As Is”

We provide You Jumbo App using a reasonable level of skill and care, but We cannot make any promise nor warranty that :

Jumbo App is compliant with applicable laws or to the terms and conditions of Your account You are linking Jumbo App to.
Jumbo App does not infringe upon any third party rights.
Your use of Jumbo App will not cause a security breach related to Your content, and that Your phone will be protected against any virus or interruption.
Data circulating on the Internet is protected, in particular against possible misappropriation.
Jumbo App will meet your specific expectations and/or requirements, notably that (i) Jumbo App will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, (ii) that the Your account You want to link or use will always be available and provided by Jumbo App (ii) the results that may be obtained from the use of Jumbo App will be accurate or reliable, nor (iii) any errors in Jumbo App will be corrected.
You have the necessary equipment and the accurate internet access to use Jumbo App and that will not cost You additional fees.

You understand that We will not be liable if any of the above occurs, and You waive any claim and/or lawsuit against Us for such reason.
Furthermore, you agree and understand that the Identity Theft Insurance available in the Jumbo App (depending on your location) is not provided by Jumbo Privacy, but is offered by our insurance partner “Identity Force”.
Therefore, in no event shall Jumbo be liable for any claim related to such insurance coverage.
For more information, please refer to our partner’s terms of service.
5.3.
Limitation of Liability

By using the Jumbo App, you agree that We shall not be liable for any indirect or consequential losses which may be incurred by You resulting from:

any loss of profit (whether incurred directly or indirectly) of goodwill or business reputation, or of opportunity.
any loss of data suffered.
any loss or damage which may be incurred as a result of any changes which We may make to Jumbo App, or for any permanent or temporary cessation in the provision of Jumbo App (or any account, tool or feature within Jumbo App).
the deletion of, corruption of, or failure to store, any of Your Content and other communications data maintained or transmitted by or through Your use of Jumbo App.
Your failure to provide Jumbo App with accurate Account information.
Your failure to keep Your password or Your Accounts details’ secure and confidential.
content of the information provided by third party websites accessed from hyperlinks content in Jumbo App, which do not belong to Jumbo Privacy.
Jumbo Privacy is not responsible for the privacy policy of these websites.

The limitations on Our liability to You within this provision shall apply whether or not We were advised of or should have been aware of the possibility of any such losses arising.

6.
Security

Jumbo Privacy makes its best efforts to secure Jumbo App in view of the complexity of the internet.
It cannot guarantee absolute security.
By the present T&Cs, You :

accept the characteristics and limitations of the internet.
acknowledge that You are aware of the nature of the internet network, and in particular its technical performance and response times for consulting, querying or transferring information data.
agree to inform Jumbo Privacy if You notice any failure of the service.
agree to take all appropriate measures to protect Your own content, data and/or software from contamination by possible viruses on the Internet.\


7.
Other


We reserve the right to amend the T&Cs at any time.
In such event, the amendments will be notified to You with a special banner within Jumbo App.
You acknowledge and agree by using and/or accessing Jumbo App after the amendment date, You will be deemed having fully consented to the T&Cs as amended.
Jumbo App and the T&Cs are governed by the State of New York laws, wherever You are accessing and/or using Jumbo App from.
In the event of a dispute regarding the T&Cs and/or Your use of Jumbo App, the courts of New York City, shall be solely competent to hear such dispute.
The T&Cs form the entire agreement between You and Us regarding Your access and use of Jumbo App.
The T&Cs supersede any prior agreements.
If any part of the T&Cs is found to be unenforceable, the remaining provisions will remain in full force and effect.
If We fail to enforce any of the T&Cs, it will not be considered a waiver.
You will not transfer any of Your rights or obligations under the T&Cs to anyone else without Our prior written consent.
We can freely assign any rights and obligations under the T&Cs to a third party whether in connection with a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, or by operation of law or otherwise.


8.
EU Consumer Alternative Dispute Resolution

In the event of a dispute relating to these general terms of service, You have the possibility to recourse to the consumer mediation procedure.
You may access the EU Online Dispute Resolution platform via the following link: http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr.

QUESTIONS ? PROBLEMS ? SUGGESTIONS ?

For any questions related to the T&Cs, and/or Jumbo App, or if You want to warn Us of any violation of the T&Cs, please contact Us via e-mail to the following email address: support@jumboprivacy.com




