
         Jupiter Privacy Policy Snapshot  We will uphold your trust in us by protecting and using your Personal Information in a responsible manner.
Every day, we continue to reimagine banking experiences for all the ways you live, and it's no coincidence that your Personal Information plays a big role in making all that happen.
We value your trust and aim to be transparent in the ways we use your Personal Information and Non-Personal Information to keep creating banking that fits into your lives effortlessly - so you can truly live more and bank less.
Read the full Privacy Policy document here for more information (Link to the complete document).
 What type of Personal Information do we collect? We want you to understand the types of information that we collect, so you can then make the best decisions about what you share with us.
Personal Information will inter alia include any information which is directly or indirectly available with us to identify or verify individual identity.
This may also include sensitive personal data which inter alia includes financial information such as bank account, credit and debit card details, biometric information when you interact with our products or services. Categories of Personal Information we may collect: 
Identity and Account Opening Information (e.g.
name, address, date of birth)
Contact Information (e.g.
mobile number, permanent/shipping address)
Financial Information (e.g.
Jupiter bank account number)
Identification Information (e.g.
KYCs, PAN number)
Transactional Information (Money Flow) (e.g.
UPI ID)
Usage and Technical Information (e.g.
IP address)
Credit and Lending Information (e.g.
credit score)
Marketing and Communication Information (e.g.
customer support logs)
Information in your device(s) (e.g.
camera, contact list)
 How do we collect your Personal Information? Any personal information held by us will be committed to a high degree of protection.
We process/collect data received (a) directly from you through Jupiter Platforms or through different communication channels or the services or product you entail to use and when you provide your details in forms, surveys, online applications or similar online fields (b) indirectly from third party sources including but not limited to credit institution companies, market research, publicly available information, payment gateway companies, business partners, financial institutions. How do we use your Personal Information? Your Personal Information allows us to create more personalised and unique banking experiences just for you.
When you trust us with your data, it's only right that you understand how we may use it: For General Support Verify your identity before providing our services, or responding to any of your queries, applications, feed-back and complaints For Our Internal Operations 
Aid our research and analysis, so that we keep improving our services, products and advertising strategies.

Manage our day-to-day business operations.
Ensure that the information we have about you is up-to-date.
Conducting credit checks or due diligence checks to minimise risks or frauds.
Comply with all laws and obligations from any legal authorities.
Seek professional advice, including legal.
Update you on changes to our products or services that you might be currently engaged in.
 For Marketing Purposes Contact you and offer products or services that you might be interested in (via EDMs, direct mailers, SMS-es, phone calls, social media, 3rd party sites, etc) Who do we share your Personal Information with? To deliver on our promise of helping you to live more, we often partner up with third parties, Partner Banks that bring you rewards or promotions or partner us to provide you product and services that give you more out of life.
We may also from time to time, share your Personal Information with others to keep improving your banking experiences with us but always in a responsible manner: Who? 
Third parties such as campaign partners and vendors who work with us (in India or elsewhere)
Carefully selected business partner or Partner Banks to introduce you to products and services you might be interested in.
Relevant authorities such as government or law enforcement agencies or regulators.
 How? 
We require all personnel of Jupiter and third parties to ensure that any of your data disclosed to them is kept confidential and secure through legally enforceable arrangements.

We may process your data outside of India subject to applicable data protection laws.
We do not sell your Personal Information to any third parties and we shall comply fully with any duty or obligation of confidentiality that governs our relationship with you.
 What rights you have regarding your Personal Information? Access to your information You may request record of your Personal Information being processed by us, upon the verification of your identity and other information as per the Company internal policy Review, Correct and Rectify your information You may review, correct or rectify the inaccurate Personal Information that is stored with us Withdrawing your consent (a)You may withdraw a consent to processing that you have given us and prevent further processing of your Personal Information subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
(b) You may also withhold your consent prior to the collection and processing of your combined information You can exercise any of the aforementioned rights by submitting a request to privacy@jupiter.money.
These rights are limited in some situations, such as, where we are legally or otherwise bound to process or retain your Personal Information.
This may also affect our ability to provide you service and therefore may lead to discontinuation of the Service you procure from Jupiter. Talk to Us To speak to us regarding our privacy practices (including for any correction or access request), you may write to our Grievance Officer Mr.
Rajesh R Singh, Amica Financial Technologies Private Limited.
e-mail ID: - privacy@jupiter.money Find out more We may amend our policy from time to time to ensure consistency with any developments to the way Jupiter uses your data.
We will make the updated policy available on our website.
