
        Privacy Policy
Introduction
JustPark Parking Limited, trading as JustPark ("we" or "us") take the privacy of your information very seriously.
This policy explains how and for what purposes we use the information collected about you via our website, apps, pay by phone, pay by SMS and Kiosk (referred to below as "the Service").
Please read this privacy policy carefully.
By using the Service you are agreeing to be bound by this policy in respect of the information collected about you via this Site.
If you have any queries about the policy, please get in touch and we will do our best to answer your questions.


Personal information collected and use of this information


Core Account Data - although it is not compulsory to give us this information, if you do not then you cannot register as a member of the Service, or make a booking for a parking space with our parking space operators we will collect the following data.
Name - we need to store this to identify you in the provision of our service.
It will be shared with parking space operators you make a booking with and users on our platform which you send messages to.
Email - we’ll send emails to you about your bookings and the JustPark service.
We may share your email with third parties (including parking space operators).
Photo - if you upload a photo, we provide it to parking space operators so they can identify you and we use it to personalise any reviews you leave about parking spaces.
Number plate (VRM) - we store this for enforcement purposes and also safety purposes.
We share this with third party enforcement companies and parking space operators along with parking session dates and times, and sometimes your name, subject to terms outlined in separate Data Sharing Agreements held between JustPark and these third party companies outlining each company’s obligations relating to the General Data Protection Regulation 2018.
We also use the VRM to check with the DVSA that a vehicle has a valid MOT certificate at the time of a booking as this is a requirement of some of our space owners to ensure that vehicles parked in their spaces are safe and roadworthy.
IP Address - this is used by us and some of our third-party providers to identify your device in the provision of our service.
It is also used for fraud checks and to ensure a secure product.
Payment method - payment method details you provide (including name, email address and sometimes address) are sent directly to PCI-compliant third party payment providers.
They are not stored on JustPark servers and JustPark employees do not have access to these details.
Booking history - we store a history of where and when you’ve booked parking to make repeat use faster and easier for you, and in interest of your and our accounting purposes.
Phone number - we store this so drivers can contact parking space operators and vice versa.
Phone numbers are only shared when you’ve made payment for a booking.
We also use it to make repeat use of our pay by phone service faster.
We may contact you via phone should there be any issues with your bookings or account.
Reviews - if you choose to leave a review for a parking location, this will be shown to other drivers considering booking the space (only showing your first name and the initial of your last name).
Non-JustPark spaces navigated to - we log which of these you launch navigation to in order to make repeat use faster and easier for you, and to improve our parking availability engine - which helps us show you and other drivers when we think spaces will be available to park in.
Location data - if you choose to enable location services, we will occasionally store your location services data to improve our parking availability engine - which helps us show you and other drivers when we think spaces will be available to park in.
You can stop this data from being stored by turning off your location services.
Messages - messages you send to other JustPark users about a booking are visible only to that user and to JustPark staff
Third party CRM tools - we send the following data to GDPR compliant Customer Relationship Management tools so that we can communicate with you: name, email, phone number and your customer support messages.
Administering your booking - JustPark customer support workers may view the above data (aside from sensitive payment method details) when administering your booking.


Parking Space Listing Data - to list your parking space with us we will collect the following data:
Parking space address - we use this to show drivers where your space is.
We only reveal the full address to them after they've paid to park in it so that they can navigate there.
Before that the driver can only see the street name and a map pin showing the location of your space.
Space description - this is a public-facing description you provide when adding your space which helps drivers decide if a space is suitable.
Photos of your space - these public-facing photos help drivers decide if a space is suitable and help them access it on arrival.
Facilities - these are public-facing space attributes, which you can optionally provide to help drivers decide if a space is suitable for them.
Access instructions - if you provide these when adding your space, they are used to help drivers access your space.
They are not shown to the driver until they have paid to park in your space.
Once the parking session has finished, they are hidden from the driver.
PIN code for accessing space - if you provide a pin code (e.g.
for a gate) it is given to drivers to help them access your space.
It is not shown to the driver until they have paid to park in your space.
Once the parking session has finished, it is hidden from the driver.
Administering your space - JustPark customer support workers may view the above data when administering your space.


Other use of this information
We may notify you of certain offers and new products, subject to you giving your consent to do so.
You can opt-out of this use at any time by updating your preferences on our website.
We may use this information in order to:
make general improvements to our Service;
analyse how customers are making use of the Service;
Develop, maintain and/or improve our and other JustPark group companies’ products and services, e.g.
optimise business processes, quality assurance purposes, support efficient, management of our staff, analyse where customers have come from, analyse performance of web pages, provide relevant content to you, development of new products and services;


We may transfer your personal information to a third party as part of a sale of some or all of our business and assets to any third party or as part of any business restructuring or reorganisation, but we will take steps with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected.
For users domiciled in the UK, we may use third party suppliers to provide part of our service to you.
In some circumstances these providers may be based in countries outside the European Economic Area whose laws provide for a different standard of protection for your personal information than that provided under UK Law.
In such circumstances we will have in place strict contractual arrangements that will require your information is processed securely, at least to a standard equivalent to the General Data Protection Regulation 2018.
Covid-19 NHS free parking register - if you register for free parking under this scheme we may share your VRM with the British Parking Association (BPA) for nationwide verification purposes via other parking partners.
We may also use your email address for the purpose of verifying you as a critical care worker.
Other than as set out above, we will not disclose any of your personal information without your permission unless we are required by law to do so (for example, if required to do so by a court order or for the purposes of prevention of fraud or other crime).
Cookies - When you visit the Site we may store some information (commonly known as a "cookie") on your computer.
Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to your hard drive to store and sometimes track information about you.
Cookies are specific to the server that created them and cannot be accessed by other servers, which means that they cannot be used to track your movements around the web.
Passwords and credit card numbers are not stored in cookies.
A cookie helps you get the best out of the Site and helps us to provide you with a more customised service.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
Storing details about your site preferences (for instance, where you are based);
Storing details about any properties or listings you have viewed;
Enabling our web server to track your session between pages of the site and provide a continuity of experience.


You can block or erase cookies from your computer if you want to (your browser's help screen or manual should tell you how to do this), but certain parts of the Site are reliant on the use of cookies to operate correctly and may not work correctly if you set your browser not to accept cookies.




Right to erasure (also known as ‘right to be forgotten’)
You have to erasure of your data from our systems.
This can be done by going to the Data Preferences section of your Dashboard page of our website.


Data retention
After consenting to us using your data as described in this policy, we will retain it on our system for as long as we deem to be a period within which you may return to use your account.
This varies from individual to individual depending on account activity.
After that period we will close your account and delete your data in line with this policy.
You can remove your personal data from JustPark at any time by deleting your account as described above.
However, we may keep some of your Personal Data for as long as reasonably necessary for our legitimate business interests, including fraud detection and prevention and to comply with our legal obligations including tax, legal reporting, and auditing obligations.




Other Sites
We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from our Site and recommend that you check the policy of each site you visit and contact its owner or operator if you have any concerns or questions.
In addition, if you linked to this Site from a third party site, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners or operators of that third party site and recommend that you check the policy of that third party site and contact its owner or operator if you have any concerns or questions.


Transferring your information outside of Europe for UK users
As part of the services offered to you through the Site, the information you provide to us may be transferred to countries outside of the European Union (EU).
By way of example, this may happen if any of our servers are from time to time located in a country outside of the EU or one of our service providers is located in a country outside of the EU.
We may also share information between group companies, which may be located in countries worldwide.
These countries may not have similar data protection laws to the UK.
If we transfer your information outside of the EU in this way, we will take steps with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this privacy policy.
If you use the Site while you are outside the EU, your information may be transferred outside the EU in order to provide you with those services.


Further questions
If at any time you would like to contact us with your views about our privacy practices, or with any enquiry relating to your personal information, you can do so by emailing us at help@justpark.com.



