
        Terms and ConditionsIf you are using JustPark’s mobile payment service, please note our terms relating to this service under our Mobile Payment Terms &amp.
Conditions.
If you are parking in a JustPark car park, please note our terms relating to this service under our Car Park Terms &amp.
ConditionsIntroduction
The website justpark.com ("the Site") is a parking space rental agency which allows you to book parking spaces anywhere in the world.
The Site is operated by JustPark Limited ("we" or "us") and membership is open to any individual who chooses to register with the site.
These terms will apply to anyone who views or uses the Site ("you").
Whether you register or not you will be bound by these terms and conditions in full and you also agree to be bound by the terms of our Privacy policy which explains the use we are authorised to make of your personal information.
These Terms and Conditions relate to your passive use of the Site, if you wish to book a parking space through the Site you will be bound by our Driver Agreement.
If you are a parking space owner and you wish to rent your parking space with us you will be bound by our Parking Space Owner agreement.
Please note that these terms and conditions may be amended from time to time.
Notification of any changes will be made by posting new terms onto the Site.
In continuing to use the Site you confirm that you accept the then current terms and conditions in full at the time you use the Site.
Registration
Registration with the Site is currently free, however in order to become a registered user you will have to provide some basic personal information.
You agree that all information supplied on registration is true and accurate and will be kept up to date at all times.
We will use the information provided to us to contact you.
You may not have more than one registration and we reserve the right at our discretion to delete or cancel the membership of any person who in our opinion possesses more than one registration at any time.
You are not entitled to allow any other person to use your registration.
You may not impersonate any other person in any registration whether or not that other person is a user of the Site.
On receipt of an email by you to us cancelling your registration then we will terminate your registration.
We reserve the right to terminate your registration immediately without notice if in our opinion you have breached these terms.
Use and Abuse of the Site
You agree that any information you supply will be true and accurate.
You may not use the site to publish any offensive, inaccurate, misleading, defamatory, fraudulent, or illegal information or content.
We reserve the right at our discretion to remove any content from the site, terminate your registration or membership and restrict your access to our services at any time for any reason.
We grant you a limited licence to access and make personal use of the Site, but not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with our express written consent.
In the event that you are informed that you will no longer be entitled to access the services you will not be entitled to register again and you will no longer have permission to use the Site.
Advertising and Commercial Use
Users of the Site are not entitled to directly advertise to or solicit the custom of other users without our express written consent.
You are not entitled to resell or commercially exploit the Site's contents other than content you have posted.
You are not entitled to use any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools to collect usernames, email addresses or any other data for the purposes of sending unsolicited email or for any other use.
In the event that you are found by us to have been sending unsolicited email to our users then we reserve the right to terminate without notice your use of the Site without limiting any other rights and remedies we may have.
Our Liability
The material displayed on our site is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy and is provided on an "as is" basis.
To the extent permitted by law, we hereby expressly exclude all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by any law, regulation, statute, common law or law of equity.
We will not be responsible for any breach of these Terms and Conditions caused by circumstances beyond our reasonable control.
Although we aim to offer you the best service possible, we make no promise that the services at the Site will meet your requirements.
We cannot guarantee that the services will be fault-free.
Your access to the Site may be occasionally restricted to allow for repairs, maintenance or the introduction of new facilities or services.
We will attempt to restore the service as soon as we reasonably can.
From time to time it may be necessary to suspend access to the Site for a period of time and any such interruptions shall not constitute a breach by us of these terms.
We will not be liable for any business, financial, or economic loss nor for any consequential or indirect loss (such as lost reputation, lost profit or lost opportunity) arising as a result of your use of the Site whether such loss is incurred or suffered as a result of our negligence or otherwise.
Communication
We request that all information provided to us is accurate, current and complete.
All notices sent to you will be sent to the email address provided to us (as updated by you).
By accepting these terms you give your consent to receive communications from us by email and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you by email satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Personal information that you supply to us will not be disclosed by us to any third party save in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
You agree that we may use the personal information supplied by you in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Other Sites and Linking
The Site may include links to other web sites or material which are beyond its control.
We are not responsible for content on any site outside the Site.
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
Our site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our site other than the home page.
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
Intellectual Property
The format and content of this Site is protected by United Kingdom and international copyright and we reserve all rights in relation to our copyright whether owned or licensed to us and all rights are reserved to any of our registered and unregistered trademarks (whether owned or licensed to us) which appear on this Site.
By displaying user-generated content on this site you expressly assign all copyright and other rights to such content to us (and you agree to waive all moral rights in relation to such content) for the avoidance of doubt we are permitted to use any user-generated content for any of our other business purposes, even following termination of your registration or membership.
We do not screen user-generated content (including content relating to available parking spaces) or information on the Site and we cannot give any assurance as to its accuracy or completeness.
Users of this Site are expressly asked not to publish any defamatory, misleading or offensive content or any content which infringes any other persons intellectual property rights (eg.
copyright).
Any such content is contrary to our policy we do not accept liability in respect of such content, and the user responsible will be personally liable for any damages or other liability arising and you agree to indemnify us in relation to any liability we may suffer as a result of any such content.
This website or any portion of this website may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without our express written consent.
You may not systematically extract and/or re-utilise parts of the contents of the Site without our express written consent.
In particular, you may not utilise any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools to extract (whether once or many times) for re-utilisation of any substantial parts of this Site without our express written consent.
Referral Programme
To be eligible for the Referral Reward Programme:

You must have an active User account on JustPark;
You may not refer yourself for the Referral Program;
The Referred User should not already have a User account (active or inactive) on JustPark;
The Referred User should sign up for a User account using the activation link of the Referral Invitation;
You won't receive rewards if you're the driver or property owner on a booking with a person you refer.
Additionally, if both a driver and property owner are referred by you, you won’t receive rewards if they book with one another.
If you refer a driver: the reward will be issued to your JustPark balance within 14 days of your referred user's first booking beginning.
If you refer a space owner: the reward will be issued to your JustPark balance within 14 days of the referred user's first received booking beginning.
Rewards issued to your JustPark balance can only be withdrawn to your bank account.
You cannot use the rewards as credit on a booking.
We reserve the right to close customers’ accounts of Referring or Referred Customers, if these have acquired rewards by fraud or have used or attempted to use the acquired rewards in a way that violates these terms of applicable laws
We reserve the right to terminate the Programme or change the terms at its own discretion at any time
Fraud or abuse relating to the accrual of rewards in the Programme may result in forfeiture of accrued rewards as well as cancellation of a User's Account and any JustPark Customer Account.
Our failure to enforce a particular Term or Condition does not constitute a waiver of that Term or Condition by us.
All questions or disputes regarding eligibility for the Programme or the eligibility of rewards for accrual will be resolved by JustPark in its sole discretion
The Programme and any use of The Website are subject to the ‘terms and conditions’ of The Website and the privacy policy terms, as described on the Website

Car Park Terms &amp.
ConditionsThe following terms and conditions relate to your use of our car parks.

Our liability to you
We must operate the Car Park with reasonable skill and care (“our obligations”).
If we do not, we are only responsible for direct loss or damage you suffer as a foreseeable result of our breach of our obligations or our negligence or the negligence of our employees.
We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors.
Although we owe you the obligations set out at clauses 1.1 and 1.2 above, you should be aware that the Car Park is open to the general public.
We cannot guarantee that members of the general public will not enter our Car Park and cause damage to property and/or engage in criminal activity.
Accordingly, you park your vehicle in the Car Park at your own risk.
We cannot and do not guarantee the security of your vehicle and/or its contents.


Tariff
The parking tariff payable by you (as varied from time to time) will be displayed on our website, apps and phone payment service.
You are obliged to pay the parking tariff and to comply with any instructions on the signage as supplemented by these Terms.
Failure to do so may result in us issuing you with a Parking Charge Notice (please refer to clause 5 (Parking Contraventions) of these Terms).
Should you fail to make payment and have a payment method stored with JustPark, JustPark are authorised to automatically take payment for the full amount due to us for time parked.
The fee will be calculated according to duration parked which is collected from the Automatic Number Plate Recognition technology installed in car parks.


Claims and complaints
If your vehicle sustains damage while in the Car Park, your vehicle is stolen or any possessions are stolen from your vehicle while it is in the Car Park you should:
immediately inform JustPark by contacting our Customer Services Department through our help centre.
in the case of theft, immediately inform the police.
and
notify your insurers promptly.


Before submitting a claim, please refer to clause 1.2 (Our liability to you) of these Car Park Terms, which set out the extent of our responsibility to you in relation to any loss.


Parking Contraventions
It is important for the effective management of the Car Park that:
you comply with all signs in the Car Park, including these Terms and all signage;
you park within the limits of a marked bay;
you do not park within a bay designated for a specific purpose when you are not entitled to do so (for example, and without limitation, parking in a space designated for disabled persons without an appropriate disability badge displayed, and/or marked pre-bookable spaces).
and


If you do not comply with these requirements we may issue you with a Parking Charge Notice requiring you to pay any unpaid parking charge(s), together with an additional amount representing an estimate of the additional expenses we will incur as a result of your non-compliance (including without limitation debt recovery costs).
Specific details about the Parking Charge payable are available in each Car Park.
Details/information relating to how to pay the Parking Charge, deadlines for payment, what will happen if you fail to make payment within the stipulated deadline, and the appeal process will be set out on the Parking Charge Notice.
By parking your vehicle in the Car Park you consent to us capturing, using and processing your VRM and personal details via CCTV and ANPR for enforcement purposes, to calculate the relevant parking tariff (if applicable) and to recover any outstanding Parking Charge.
This includes our right to request and obtain the details of a vehicle’s registered keeper from the DVLA.
If the Car Park and/or the equipment in the Car Park is damaged by you, your vehicle, its contents or the passengers in the vehicle then, except where the damage arises as a direct result of our negligence, we will seek to recover the cost of that repair and associated administration costs from you.


Security of your vehicle
Please ensure that your vehicle is left securely locked with all windows securely closed and any vehicle alarm, steering lock or similar device fitted is engaged.
We are not responsible for any consequence or loss arising from a failure by you to properly secure your vehicle.
We may install CCTV cameras in the Car Park at our discretion to assist in its proper running.
We acknowledge that the cameras may act as a deterrent to criminal activity, but do not make any representation as to the coverage provided or guarantee of the security of your vehicle if CCTV is installed in the Car Park.


Possessions
Any possessions left in a vehicle are left entirely at the owner’s risk.
We suggest that no items are left so that they are visible from the outside of the vehicle.
We are not liable for any theft by third parties from your vehicle.


Safety in the Car Park
For safety reasons you are not entitled to remain in your vehicle in the Car Park or elsewhere in the Car Park except for the purposes of parking or removing your vehicle.


Abandoned vehicles
We are entitled to regard as abandoned any vehicle left in the Car Park for more than 28 days without prior notification.
We reserve the rights to engage and/or permit a lawful authority to remove (or where we are unable to identify the current legal registered keeper of the vehicle, to take steps ourselves to remove) and to dispose of as waste or sell any abandoned vehicle.
Before proceeding with the disposal or sale of abandoned vehicles we will:
refer the matter to the appropriate authorities, which may include the local police and the DVLA.
and
affix a notice to the vehicle at least 7 days before the date on which we propose to remove the vehicle stating that the vehicle will be removed and sold when that period expires.


Abandoned vehicles will be disposed of as waste or sold by auction.
Where sold by us, the proceeds of sale will be applied in and towards satisfaction of all sums owing to us together with the expenses of sale and our reasonable storage and removal costs for the period during which the vehicle is in our possession.
Any balance of the sale proceeds remaining after satisfaction of any sums owing will be held by us on behalf of the registered keeper of the vehicle and paid over on proof of entitlement.


Prohibited activities
You must not tow any vehicle into the Car Park except as part of the services offered at the Car Park by persons authorised by us and no work on and no cleaning of vehicles by you or your agent, other than with our prior specific permission, is permitted in the Car Park.
In the event of vehicle breakdown you must contact JustPark to ensure that your vehicle removal or repair is organised without causing disruption, damage or danger to any other person or property in the Car Park.
No activity in connection with the selling, hiring or other disposal of vehicles or goods or services may be carried out in the Car Park without our prior specific written permission.
You are not allowed to dispose of any items or drop litter in the Car Park.
Please place any rubbish/litter in the bins that are provided or take it away with you when you leave the Car Park.
You are not allowed to pour petrol, or any other fuel, into your vehicle whilst it is in the Car Park.
You are also not allowed to take petrol, or any other fuel, out of your vehicle whilst it is in the Car Park.
Smoking is forbidden within both the Car Park and the immediate vicinity of the Car Park.
Anti-social behaviour will not be accepted in our Car Parks.
This includes (but is not limited to) drinking alcohol, taking or dealing with illegal substances, fighting and/or loitering.
Car parks are designed for the sole purpose of parking vehicles.
If an individual causes a nuisance or disturbance to others it may be recorded by CCTV cameras and action may be taken against them.


General
For users domiciled in the UK, these terms and conditions are governed by the laws of England of Wales and are made between ParkatmyHouse Ltd (trading as JustPark) and you.
For users domiciled outside the UK, these terms and conditions are governed by the laws of the State of New York without reference to its principles of conflicts of laws and are made between JustPark (US) Inc and you.
If you breach these terms and conditions and we decide to take no action or neglect to do so, then we will still be entitled to take action and enforce our rights and remedies for any other breach.
We may make changes to the format of the Site, services provided or to the Site's content at any time without notice.
Mobile Payment Terms &amp.
ConditionsThis agreement relates to the JustPark Parking Limited (“us”, “we”, “JustPark”) services we provide to our customers (“you”) to pay for parking quickly and efficiently using the JustPark application (the “App”) or IVR (interactive voice response) automated phone system or SMS service in selected parking facilities provided by parking operators or local government/authorities (the “Parking Providers”) to you (the “Services”).
This agreement governs the relationship between us and you.
When you use the Services we are providing you with the means to enter into individual, direct contracts with the Parking Providers to park in the Parking Providers’ facilities and spaces (“Parking Spaces”) and we facilitate the payment for your use of the Parking Space, provided by the Parking Providers.
We do not have control over nor are we responsible for the Parking Providers, we simply facilitate the payment for your use of the Parking Space.

Important points to note about the JustPark Services:The following are key terms applicable to your use of the Services.
However, these terms are only highlighted to you for ease of reference, they are not a substitute for reading the full terms and conditions.
Please scroll down to read the full terms and conditions and please make sure you fully understand them before signing up to use the Services.
You should print a copy for your future reference.

In order to use the Services you must create a JustPark account by either downloading the App and registering, registering through the JustPark website or using our Interactive Voice Recognition (IVR) service.
If you are registering through the App, your account can be created by signing in via your Google or Facebook account or through using your email address and creating a password.
Once you have created your account it is your responsibility to keep your account details, including your password, safe and up to date and to not share these with anyone else.
Each time you use the Services to pay for a Parking Space (each a “Parking Session”) your Parking Session will be confirmed either in the App, via email, SMS or over the phone depending on the method you have used to confirm your Parking Session.
Your Parking Session begins at the point payment is taken.
Your exact start time will be confirmed within your confirmation.
Please see below ‘how to use JustPark services’ for more information.
You can pay for a Parking Session using a credit or debit card or via SMS.
In addition, when you are using the App to pay, it is possible to use Apple Pay or Android Pay in order to pay for your use of the Services.
You can enable this on your mobile device.
Whichever payment details you select when you create your account will be used for payment each time you use the Services.
You can update the payment details you use to pay for the Services before confirming each Parking Session.
These Services are of a payment services nature and therefore the Services do not fall under the scope of the Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation and Additional Payments) Regulations 2013.
You therefore commit to the transaction through the App when you confirm a Parking Session.
During your Parking Session you will be subject to the terms and restrictions shown on local signage and all road markings in and around the Parking Space.
It is your responsibility to ensure you comply with all signage, road markings and any relevant legislation that may be applicable when parking your vehicle.
Once you have received a confirmation it is not possible to cancel your Parking Session.
If there is an issue with your Parking Session (for example you have input the incorrect vehicle details or other information) please contact our customer service team at help@justpark.com .Our customer service team will happily update the incorrect details for you if they are permitted to do so by the parking provider, but we will not be able to cancel the Parking Session.
We will not be responsible for any parking fines or other losses you incur due to you providing incorrect information in relation to your Parking Session.
If you have any concerns, queries or complaints please contact our customer services team on help@justpark.com.
We will use the details you give to us in order to provide the Services to you.
We may also send other messages and updates to you about our Services where you have consented to this.
To learn more about how we use the information you provide please read our privacy policy.
If you are unsure how to use the Services or the App please see the following page on our website help.justpark.com/hc/en-us/categories/200424647-Drivers for help.


How does this agreement work?
By creating a JustPark account you agree to be bound by these JustPark service terms and conditions together with the Privacy Policy.
These documents govern your use of the App, the Services and your account and are applicable to your use of the App and Services generally every Parking Session you create.
When you use the Service we are providing you with the means to enter into individual, direct contracts with the Parking Providers to park in the Parking Spaces and we facilitate the payment for your use of the Parking Space provided by the Parking Providers.
We are not a party to the contracts between you and the Parking Providers and will not be liable to you or any third party in relation to the Parking Space other than in accordance with these terms.
These terms and conditions may be updated from time to time as we continually develop the services we provide.
We may therefore amend this agreement by posting the amended terms and conditions on our website and in the App.
These amended terms and conditions would take effect 7 days following being posted.
Should you no longer wish to use the Services you can simply stop using the App and Services.
You can also log out from your account on the App and can contact us on help@justpark.comand request that we deactivate your account.


How to register and your promises to us
In order to order to use the Services you must download the App and create a JustPark account.
Your account can be created by signing in via your Google or Facebook account or through using your email address and creating a password.
By creating an account with us you confirm that:
all information and details provided by you to us (including on registration for an account) are true, accurate and up to date in all respects and at all times.
You can update or correct your personal details at any time through the account settings section of the App;
you only provide us with payment, credit or debit card details for an account which is yours and which you are authorised to use to make payments;
you will not do anything which may disrupt, damage, or impair the Service (or any part thereof), or prevent other users from using any part of the Service;
you will not intercept or modify the communications between the App and our servers;
you will not deliberately exploit any bugs you find in the App;
you will not use the App for any illegal or unlawful purpose;
you will not distribute viruses or any other technologies in the App that may harm us or the interests of any other users of the Services, or otherwise interfere with or disrupt our systems.
and
you will not provide or otherwise make available the App in whole or in part (including any object and source code), in any form to any person without prior written consent from us.




How do I use JustPark services?
Once you have logged into the App you can use the App to pay for Parking Sessions.
You will provide / confirm the following information before starting a Parking Session: the location of the Parking Space (location ID), the duration of parking time and the vehicle being parked.
You will then be asked to confirm the payment amount to start a Parking Session.
To pay for a Parking Session you can use our App, our Interactive Voice Recognition (IVR) service or our SMS / text message payment systems.
If you have any issues in paying for a Parking Session, you can also contact our call centre to complete your payment.
The information required to complete your Parking Session will be requested from you and (if you request) a confirmation SMS will be sent to you.
If you wish to pay using our IVR or SMS payment systems please follow the instructions available here that are also displayed on signs around the Parking Space.
Parking Session will be confirmed either in the App, via email, SMS or over the phone depending on the method you have used to confirm your Parking Session.
Your Parking Session begins at the point payment is taken.
Your exact start time will be confirmed within your confirmation.
Each Parking Session can only be used for the vehicle stated in the confirmation.
It is your responsibility to provide us with the correct details when using any of our payment methods to pay for a Parking Session.
We will under no circumstances be liable for any parking fines or other losses you incur due to you providing incorrect data through any of the payment systems (being the App, the IVR, SMS service or our call centre) in relation to your Parking Session.
It is your responsibility to ensure a Parking Session has been created and contains the correct details for the Parking Session.
You acknowledge you will not be able to access and use certain functionalities of the App unless you have internet access through a GPRS, 4G, 3G or Wi-Fi connected mobile device.
All traffic charges or access charges incurred due to the use of the App are subject to your agreed terms with your mobile network provider.
Should you choose to use our SMS service we cannot provide any guarantee that we will be able to process your request and start your Parking Session within a certain time of the SMS being sent.
We will process your request from the point at which we receive the message from your mobile network.
During your Parking Session you will be subject to the terms and restrictions shown on local signage and all road markings in and around the Parking Space.
It is your responsibility to ensure you comply with all signage, road markings and any relevant legislation in relation to parking of your vehicle that may be applicable.
If you have enabled push notifications on the App, have provided us with permission to access your location data, and if you have internet access to your connected mobile device, then while your Parking Session is active, we will detect where you are located in relation to your vehicle in order to advise when you may want to start returning to your vehicle to ensure you return within your allotted time.
If you wish to extend your Parking Session you can do so in the App.
You can also view your Parking Session history by looking in the bookings section of the App.
Here you can see the location, vehicle parked, duration and cost of the Parking Session and a link to a downloadable receipt is also provided.
Should you use any electric vehicle charging points or other services provided by the Parking Provider during your Parking Session you must follow all user instructions when doing so.
It is your responsibility to ensure that you use these additional services safely so as to avoid injury to any person or damage to property, in particular in relation to charging points you must ensure you have the correct connector cables, that the cables are safely plugged in and do not create a tripping hazard and that the charging cables are removed before moving the vehicle.


How will I be charged?
You will be charged using the payment information you provide when you set up your account and that you confirm you wish to use before starting each Parking Session.
You will be charged the amount shown on screen or confirmed to you over the phone or via SMS message before your Parking Session begins.
You can update the payment details you use to pay for the Services before confirming each Parking Session.
You will be liable for any charges in connection to any calls made and SMS/ text services used when paying for your Parking Session.
You may be asked if you want to opt-in to receive text message reminders or confirmations/receipts.
These messages may be chargeable and you will be made aware of the fee before paying.
Your payments for Parking Sessions will be processed by our trusted payment partner.
Once you have received a confirmation it is not possible to cancel your Parking Session.
If there is an issue with your Parking Session (for example you have input the incorrect vehicle details or other information) please contact our customer service team at help@justpark.com.
Our customer service team will happily update the incorrect details for you, but we will not be able to cancel the Parking Session.
We will not be responsible for any parking fines or other losses you incur due to you providing incorrect information in relation to your Parking Session.


The availability of the JustPark services and Parking Spaces
Whilst we use reasonable efforts to provide a reliable service and software, we do not and cannot guarantee that the JustPark Services will be available 100% of the time.
JustPark also do not guarantee the availability or adequacy of Parking Spaces or other services provided by Parking Providers or third parties during Parking Sessions.


Your information and data
The data you provide to us must be accurate and you must have the right to provide us with such data.
Protecting your privacy is important to us, please review our privacy policy here in order to better understand our commitment to maintaining your privacy as well as our use and disclosure of your information.
You agree to us using your personal information as described in our privacy policy and sharing certain information about you where necessary with third parties as set out in our privacy policy including, for example, with payment processors and enforcement officers operating during your Parking Sessions.


Your security when using the services
You must not share your password and account details with anyone else.
You must let us know if you think there has been unauthorised use of your account and / or if your phone or card is stolen or goes missing.
We will not be liable for others using your account or card details to generate Parking Sessions if you have allowed other people to gain access to your account.


When we can suspend your use of the services and / or close your account
You acknowledge that your use of the JustPark Services is subject to our discretion and we may, in the event of your breach of these terms, at our sole discretion, suspend your account or withdraw your rights to use the JustPark Service on written notice with immediate effect.
Circumstances in which we may suspend or withdraw your account include but are not limited to, our reasonable belief that you have used an account for payment which you are not entitled to use, or you have breached these terms and conditions.


Your liability under the agreement
You are liable for paying all of the charges in relation to your use of the Services and the App.
You are also liable to pay any fines and / or penalty notices you receive during your use of the Services.
We will under no circumstances be liable to you for any loss or damage you may suffer in relation to any parking fines applied by authorities to you in relation to your breach of any Parking Partners rules and regulations, road markings or other relevant legislation.


Our liability to you under this agreement:
We accept liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence.
We also accept liability for fraud and fraudulent misrepresentation by us.
Other than our liability mentioned above, if we breach these terms or are otherwise liable to you for any other type of claim, we shall only be liable to you for losses up to the greater of: a) the amount paid by you to us in relation to the Parking Session giving rise to the dispute between us or b) £100.
We are not responsible for: (i) losses not caused by our breach.
(ii) indirect losses (which means loss to you which is a side effect of the main loss or damage, and where you and we could not have reasonably expected that loss would arise at the time of entering into these terms).
(iii) any loss arising as a result of the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or usefulness of any information.
or (iv) failure to provide the Services or to meet any of our obligations under these terms where such failure is due to events beyond our control (for example a network failure).
You have certain rights under the law.
Nothing in these terms (including this section) is intended to or will affect these statutory rights.

12.
Resolving disputes:
If you have any questions, complaints or comments about us or the services then please contact us via help.justpark.com, or in writing by post to: JustPark, Dunn's Hat Factory, 106 - 110 Kentish Town Road, London, NW1 9PX.
If you breach these terms and we take no action against you, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these terms.
Please contact the Parking Provider if your query or complaint relates to an issue with a Parking Space itself.
13.
General provisions:
These terms are not intended to give rights to anyone except you and us.
You acknowledge that we may transfer our rights under the terms (and any related claims) to any third party without having to obtain your prior permission.
If any part of these terms is disallowed or found to be ineffective by a court or regulator, the other provisions shall continue to apply.
These terms together with our policies contain all terms agreed between you and us.
They replace any prior agreements between you and us in relation to the Services.
You agree that your right to access and use the Services is also subject to applicable law and any rules or policies applied by the relevant App Store from which you access the App.
14.
Governing law and jurisdiction
These terms are governed by and interpreted in accordance with English law.
We both agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts, which means: (i) that if you live in the EU, you may enforce your rights in connection with these terms in the EU member state in which you live.
or (ii) if you live in any other jurisdiction which gives you mandatory consumer protection rights, you may enforce your rights in connection with the terms in accordance with such rights.

Further questionsIf at any time you would like to contact us with your views about our terms of use, you can do so by emailing us at help@justpark.com.
