
        To accommodate scenarios in which the driver can’t go through with the booking for serious reasons such as accidents, death, severe illness, our Extenuating Circumstances Policy will apply.
In order to apply for these, drivers will need to provide the necessary documentation to the Customer Support team in order for their cancellation to be considered for a refund.What if I need to cancel because of an emergency or unavoidable circumstance?We may be able to give you a refund if you have to cancel because of an unexpected circumstance that’s out of your control.
Below is a list of circumstances covered by our Extenuating Circumstances Policy.
Before you cancel, check that your circumstance is included in the list below and that you can provide the required documentation.
Penalty-free cancellations are only available for extenuating circumstances that occur before the official start date and time of your booking.Circumstances that require documentationDeath of a driver, any other travelling party, immediate family member, or caregiver.
You’ll be asked to provide one of these documents:

Death certificate
Obituary
News article naming the deceased
Police report
Unexpected serious illness or injury affecting a driver or member of the travelling partyYou’ll be asked to provide a statement from a doctor confirming that the person can't drive or travel due to an unexpected, serious illness or injury.
The statement must also be dated after the booking was confirmed and provided within 14 days of cancellation.
At this time, pre-existing conditions known to the user at the time of booking are not covered by our Extenuating Circumstances Policy.Government-mandated obligationsThis including jury duty, travel restrictions, court appearances, and military deployment.
You'll be asked to provide a copy of the official notice dated after the booking was confirmed, including the name of the person fulfilling the obligation.Unforeseen vehicle damage, serious accident or maintenanceThis doesn't include planned maintenance.
You’ll be asked to provide all of the following documents:

Proof that the issue is being fixed
An estimate of when it will be fixed
An invoice for the repairs being done
Photos of the damage
Circumstances that require special reviewNo documentation for these circumstances, but our specialised team will review each case to confirm that you’re directly affected.



Natural disasters, terrorist activity, and civil/political unrest that prevent the driver from travelling to or from the destination, or that make it unsafe to do so.



Essential utility outages that affect booked parking facilities.

What to do nextIf you’ve confirmed your circumstance meets any of the requirements above, first cancel your booking and then contact us to file a claim.
We’ll walk you through the next steps, which will include submitting any required documentation and waiting for our team to review your case.
Claims must be submitted within 14 days of cancellation.
