
        Excess refund insuranceJust in case something happens while you’re parkedWe worked hard to create a policy that covers your car when parked with us, but as with all policies, some conditions do apply.Insurance product information documentFull policy documentThe headlines on this policy
We’ll refund the excess you pay (up to £1000) on any claim to your insurer for damage that occurs to your car whilst parked with us during the booking you’ve chosen to insure.
If the damage to your vehicle was someone else’s fault, then you should first try to settle your claim with their insurer.
If that doesn’t work out, then we can help
You must have valid motor insurance in your name for the vehicle registration matching the booking with us, so rental cars aren’t covered.
You must be a UK resident.
Sadly windscreen claims aren’t covered.

JustPark Parking Ltd is an Appointed Representative of WeCovr (https://wecovr.com/, a trading name of Political and Credit Risks Limited), authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA reference number 735613), with JustPark Parking Limited acting as its Appointed Representative.
Registered Address Dunn’s Hat Factory, 106 - 110 Kentish Town Road, London, NW1 9PX, UK.Eligibility StatementBefore you purchase this policy and during the period of insurance you will need to meet each of the following eligibility statements:

We’ll refund the excess you pay (up to £1000) on any claim to your insurer for damage that occurs to your car whilst parked with us during the booking you’ve chosen to insure.
If the damage to your vehicle was someone else’s fault, then you should first try to settle your claim with their insurer.
If that doesn’t work out, then we can help
You must have valid motor insurance in your name for the vehicle registration matching the booking with us, so rental cars aren’t covered.
You must be a UK resident.
Sadly windscreen claims aren’t covered.

JustPark Parking Ltd is an Appointed Representative of WeCovr (https://wecovr.com/, a trading name of Political and Credit Risks Limited), authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA reference number 735613), with JustPark Parking Limited acting as its Appointed Representative.
Registered Address Dunn’s Hat Factory, 106 - 110 Kentish Town Road, London, NW1 9PX, UK.1.
IntroductionThank you for choosing Parking Peace of Mind Excess Protection Insurance.
The information in this policy wording contains important information and We have made it as easy as possible to understand.
Please take time to read through it and contact us if you need any further information.2.
Insurance BrokerWeCovr (trading name of Political and Credit Risks Limited), authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA reference number 735613), with JustPark Parking Limited acting as its Appointed Representative, Insurance Broker who sold you or provided you with this policy and through whom you booked your parking as confirmed by Your Parking Confirmation.3.
InsurerThis policy is underwritten by AWP P&C SA and administered in the UK by Allianz Assistance.
Allianz Assistance is a trading name of AWP Assistance UK Ltd.
AWP Assistance UK Ltd is registered in England No.
1710361.
Registered Office PO Box 74005, 60 Gracechurch Street, London EC3P 3DS.
AWP Assistance UK Ltd are authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.
AWP P&C SA is duly authorised in France and the United Kingdom and subject to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and the Financial Conduct Authority.
Claims are administered and managed by Strategic Insurance Services Limited authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA reference number is 307133).
Registered Office: 35 Ballards Lane, London, N3 1XW, United Kingdom.
Postal Address: PO Box 70931, London, SW20 2EE
Allianz Assistance and the Insurance Broker acts as an agent for AWP P&C SA for the receipt of customer money and handling premium refunds.
Strategic Insurance Services Limited acts as an agent for AWP P&C SA for the receipt of customer money, settling claims and handling premium refunds.4.
What Makes up this PolicyThis policy wording and the Policy Schedule must be read together as they form your insurance contract.5.
Insuring ClauseIn consideration of payment of the premium, we will indemnify or otherwise compensate you against financial loss as described in and subject to the terms, conditions, limits and exclusions of this policy, occurring or arising during the Period of Insurance or any subsequent period for which we agree to accept a renewal premium.6.
Cancellation Policy
You can cancel your policy provided it is prior to the start date and receive a full refund of premium.
To do soyou will need to cancel your parking booking.
The Insurer may at any time cancel any insurance document where there is a valid reason for doing so.
A cancellation letter will be sent to you at your last known address.
Valid reasons may include but are not limited to:

Fraud
Non-payment of premium
Threatening and abusive behaviour
Non-compliance with policy terms and conditions

Once insurance has commenced you will not be entitled to a refund for this policy.7.
Jurisdiction and LawThis insurance policy will be governed by the laws of England, whose courts alone shall have jurisdiction in any dispute arising from this insurance.8.
Definitions
Where we explain what a word means that word will be highlighted in bold print and will have the same meaning wherever it is used in the policy.



"Aggregate Claims Limit" means the maximum amount payable in the Period of Insurance as shown in Your Policy Schedule.



"Commercial Use" means the use of the Motor Vehicle as a taxi, minicab or limousine.



"Excess" means the amount you are responsible for/have to pay under the terms of Your Motor insurance Policy.



"Imminent Claim" means an incident that could give rise to a claim under this policy that you are or were aware of prior to the Period of Insurance that was to be or had just been reported under Your Motor Insurance Policy.



"Incident" means a claim occurrence under Your Motor Insurance Policy during the Period of Insurance.



"Insurance Broker" means WeCovr (trading name of Political and Credit Risks Limited), authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA reference number 735613), with JustPark Parking Limited acting as its Appointed Representative.



"Parking Confirmation" means the email you received which confirms the details of your parkingbooking.



"Motor Insurance Policy" means your insurance policy covering Your Motor Vehicle for use by the Policyholder and/or a Named Driver(s) issued by a Motor Insurer.



"Motor Insurer" means a UK Motor Insurer that is authorised and regulated in the UK by theFinancial Conduct Authority and/or the Prudential Regulation Authority.



"Motor Vehicle" means a car, van, minibus or motorcycle not weighing more than 3.5 tonnes and designed to carry no more than 16 passengers.



"Named Driver(s)" means drivers in addition to you who are permitted to drive under the terms of Your Motor Insurance Policy.



"Period of Insurance" means the period for which we have accepted the premium as statedin Your Policy Schedule and the duration of your park as shown on Your Parking Confirmation.



"Policy Schedule" forms part of this policy document and contains the name of the Policyholder and gives details of the cover provided by this policy including the Motor Vehicle against which cover applies.



"Waived or Reimbursed" means where a third party has already made good the excess shown in the schedule of Your Motor Insurance Policy.



"We/Us/Our" means AWP P&C SA and/or Strategic Insurance Services Ltd and/or the Insurance Broker.



"You/Your/Insured Person/Policyholder" means the person whose name appears on Your Policy Schedule, including you and/or any Named Driver.
9.
Cover ProvidedThank you for choosing Parking Peace of Mind Excess Protection Insurance.
The information in this policy wording contains important information and we have made it as easy as possible to understand.
Please take time to read through it and contact us if you need any further information.

Cover is provided for the excess that you are responsible for following the successful settlementof any loss, destruction or damage claim for your Motor Vehicle under Your Motor Insurance Policy in respect of claims arising as a result of accidental damage, fire, theft, or vandalism which occurred during the Period of Insurance.
Where you were at fault the claim will be settled when 3 ClaimEz (see below, “How to make a claim”) are in receipt of the settlement letter from Your Motor Insurer.
For claims where you are deemed either partially at fault or not at fault.
it is your responsibility to recover your excess from the third party.
If your excess is not recovered from the third party within 6 months from the date of incident, we will reimburse any excess payment for which you have been made liable up to the Aggregate Claims Limit insured under this policy, subject to receipt of reasonable proof that all best efforts have been made to recover your excess.
If, after we have reimbursed your excess payment, you manage to recover the excess from the third party then this Excess amount must be made payable to us.
Cover will only operate when the excess of Your Motor Insurance Policy is exceeded and following the successful claim payment under Your Motor Insurance Policy.
The maximum amount payable under this policy will be the Aggregate Claims Limit as shown in Your Policy Schedule.
Once the Aggregate Claims Limit is exhausted this policy is automatically cancelled and you are thenliable for all and any future excess payments as defined in Your Motor Insurance Policy.
10.
What is not Covered (Exclusions)
Any claim that Your Motor Insurance Policy does not cover or the excess there under is not exceeded.
Any claim that is refused under Your Motor Insurance Policy.
Any claim other than one relating to Your Motor Vehicle as shown on Your Policy Schedule.
Any claim where the Motor Vehicle is being used in any competition, trial, performance test, race or trial of speed including off road events, whether between Motor Vehicles or otherwise, and irrespective of whether this takes place on any circuit or track, formed or otherwise, and regardless of any statutory authorization of any such event.
Any claim under Your Motor Insurance Policy which did not occur during the Period of Insurance as shown on Your Policy Schedule or that you were aware was an Imminent Claim.
Any claim notified to us more than 31 days following the successful settlement of your claim under Your Motor Insurance Policy.
Any contribution or deduction from the settlement of your claim against Your Motor Insurance Policy other than the stated policy excess for which You have been made liable.
Any claim that has been Waived or Reimbursed.
Any liability you accept by agreement or contract, unless you would have been liable anyway.
Any claim arising from glass repair or replacement.
Any claim arising from breakdown or misfuel.
Any claim resulting from war and/or terrorism.
Any claim resulting from:

Ionising radiation or radioactive contamination from any nuclear fuel or from any nuclear waste whichresults from burning nuclear fuel;

or

Radioactive, toxic, explosive or other dangerous properties of any nuclear machinery or anypart of it.

11.
Conditions Applicable

Your Parking Peace of Mind Excess Protection Insurance will continue to respond for the Period of Insurance or until Your Aggregate Claims Limit is exhausted.
whichever comes first.

Your Motor Insurance Policy must be maintained, current and valid.

The Policyholder must be an individual stated on Your Motor Insurance Policy.
In the event that any misrepresentation or concealment is made by you or on your behalf in obtaining this insurance or in support of any claim under this insurance the policy is voided and no refund of premium will be given.

Right of Recovery - we can take proceedings in your name but at our expense to recover for our benefit the amount of any payment made under this policy.

Other Insurance - If you are covered by any other insurance for the excess payable following the Incident, which results in a valid claim under this policy, we will only pay our proportionate share of the claim.

You must take reasonable steps to safeguard against loss or additional exposure to loss.

We will only give you the cover that is described in this policy if you have complied with the terms andconditions under Your Motor Insurance Policy and all the terms and conditions of this insurance policy, as far as they apply.
If you make a claim under this policy that is found to be false or fraudulent in any way, the policy is void and any claim will not be paid.
This insurance is only valid if you are a permanent resident of the United Kingdom (England, Wales, Scotland, Northern Ireland, Channel Islands and the Isle of Man).
You and any Named Driver must have a current full and valid UK driving licence, or hold a full internationally recognised licence

We have the right to approach any third party in relation to your claim.
12.
How to Make a Claim
Your claim will be handled on the insurer's behalf by Strategic Insurance Services Limited using ClaimEz.
ClaimEz is an online web-based system managed byStrategic Insurance Services Limited who, whilst handling claims, is acting as an agent of the insurer.
The claim process has been specifically designed to make it as quick and efficient as possible to process and handle your claim.

You will be asked to provide your scheme code which is shown on Your Policy Schedule.
If you have access to the internet:
Visit Our claims website: www.claimez.com where you will be able to register your claim, enter all the necessary details and upload the documents that will be specified to you.
Our internet solution is the quickest and easiest way to submit your claim to us.
If You do not have access to the internet:
Please call ClaimEz on 0344 576 1681 to notify Us of your claim.
Some initial details will be taken and you will then be sent a claim form by post to complete and return to Us along with supporting documentation that will be specified to you.
When calling us, please have your policy number and scheme code to hand.
Please note that a postal claim may take significantly longer to settle than an online claim.
especially if we need to write to you to request additional information.

Failure to follow these steps may delay or jeopardise the payment of your claim.13.
Complaints Procedure
We do everything possible to make sure that you receive a high standard of service.
If you are not satisfied with the service that you receive, you should address your enquiry/complaint as follows:
For sales complaints:Please contact the Insurance Broker.
For claim complaints:The Customer Care Manager, ClaimEz (SIS), PO Box 70931, London, SW20 2EE. claim@claimez.com
Please provide full details of your policy and in particular your policy/claim number to help your enquiry to be dealt with speedily.
If your complaint is not resolved you may be able to refer your complaint to the Financial Ombudsman Service (Ombudsman):
The Financial Ombudsman’s Service, Exchange Tower, Harbour Exchange Square, London, E14 9SR.0800 023 4567 complaint.info@financial-ombudsman.org.uk
These procedures do not affect your right to take legal action14.
Compensation SchemeFor your added protection, we are covered by the FSCS.
You may be entitled to compensation fromthe scheme if we cannot meet our obligations.
This depends on the type of business and the circumstances of the claim.
Insurance cover provides protection for 90% of the claim, with no upper limit.
Further informationabout the compensation scheme arrangements is available from the FSCS, telephone number 0800 678 1100 or 020 7741 4100, or by visiting their website at www.fscs.org.uk.15.
Data Protection
We care about your personal data.
This summary and our full privacy notice explain how Allianz Assistance protects your privacy and uses your personal data.

Our full Privacy Notice is here https://www.allianz-assistance.co.uk/privacy-notice/

If a printed version is required, please write to us at Allianz Assistance, 102 George Street, Croydon,Surrey CR9 6HD FAO: Customer Support (Data Protection).

How will we obtain and use your personal data?


We will collect your personal data from a variety of sources including:

Data that you provide to us

Data that may be provided about you from certain third parties such as vehicle recovery operators in the event of a vehicle breakdown


We will collect and process your personal data in order to comply with our contractual obligations and/or for the purposes of our legitimate interests including:

Entering into or administering contracts with you

16.
Who will have access to your personal data?We may share your personal data:

With public authorities, other Allianz Group companies, industry governing bodies, regulators, fraud prevention agencies and claims databases, for underwriting and fraud prevention purposes;
With other service providers who perform business operations on our behalf
Organisations who we deal with which provide part of the service to you such as your car hire company
To meet our legal obligations including providing information to the relevant ombudsman if you make a complaint about the product or service we have provided to you



We will not share information about you with third parties for marketing purposes unless you have specifically given us your consent to do so.17.
How long do we keep your personal data?
We will retain your personal data for a maximum of seven years from the date the insurance relationship ends.
If we are able to do so we will delete or anonymise certain areas of your personal data as soon as that information is no longer required for the purposes for which it was obtained.18.
Where will my personal data be processed?
Your personal data may be processed both inside and outside the United Kingdom (UK) and the European Economic Area (EEA)
Whenever we transfer your personal data outside the UK and the EEA to other Allianz Group companies, we will do so on the basis of Allianz’s approved binding corporate rules (BCR).
Where Allianz’s BCR do not apply, we take steps to ensure that personal data transfers outside the UK and the EEA receive an adequate level of protection.
What are your rights in respect of your personal data?

You have certain rights in respect of your personal data.
You can:

Request access to it and learn more about how it is processed and shared
Request that we restrict any processing concerning you, or withdraw your consent where you previously provided this
Request that we stop processing it, including for direct marketing purposes
Request that we update it or delete it from our records
Request that we provide it to you or a new insurer
To file a complaint
19.
Automated decision making, including profiling
We carry out automated decision making and/or profiling when necessary.20.
How can you contact us?If you would like a copy of the information that we hold about you or if you have any queries about how we use your personal data, you can contact us as follows:

By post: Data Protection Officer, AWP Assistance UK Ltd, 102 George Street, Croydon, Surrey CR9 6HD

By telephone: 0208 603 9853

By email: AzPUKDP@allianz.com21.
Financial Crime Policy Statement
We will not provide any cover or be liable to provide any indemnity, payment or other benefit under this policy where doing so would breach any prohibition or restriction imposed by law or regulation.
If any such prohibition or restriction takes effect during the Period of Insurance we may cancel this policy immediately by recorded delivery letter to the correspondence address shown on the Policy Schedule.
Please note that you will not be entitled to a pro-rata refund of premium under these circumstances.Terms of Business Agreement (TOBA)This TOBA sets out the basis on which we will provide our services to you and explains our regulatory status and other important matters.
It also references certain responsibilities you have to insurers.
We draw your attention, in particular, to the following sections: Our Remuneration.
Complaints and Compensation.
Your Responsibilities.
Client Money.
and Conflicts of Interest.Your Acceptance of this TOBABy asking us to quote for, arrange or handle your insurances, you agree to the terms set out in thisTOBAand to us acting as your agent.
We will be entitled to assume that you consent to transact business with us on the terms of this TOBA if you instruct us and/or continue to do business with us.
Please read this TOBA carefully and if there is anythingthat you are unsure about or if you have any queries, please advise us immediately in writing before we start, or continue, to provide services to you.
If you instruct us to proceed with any insurance placement or to undertake any other insurance related service, we will be doing so on these terms alone and they will have contractual effect between you and us.
This TOBA constitutes the entire agreement between both you and us with regard to our engagement and supersedes all proposals, prior discussions andrepresentations, oral or written, between both of us relating to the Services.
In this TOBA references to: (i) ‘we’, ‘us’ and ‘our’ means to Political And Credit Risks Ltd trading as WeCovr.
(ii) ‘insurance’ and ‘insurers’ includes reinsurance and reinsurers.
and (iii) ‘your’ includes your clients if you are an intermediary and the context so requires.
Unless instructed otherwise and in writing, we are entitled to assume that all of your employees, directors and officers who give us instructions are authorised to do so and that we may act on oral instructions.About UsWeCovr (https://wecovr.com/) is a trading style of Political And Credit Risks Ltd, which is an independent broking company authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority “FCA”.
Its FCA Firm Reference number is 735613.
You may check the Financial Services Register by visiting https://register.fca.org.uk or by contacting the FCA on freephone number 0800 111 6768.Our ServicesWe are an independent insurance intermediary providing a wide range of insurance products.
We are not authorised to offer advice on investment products.
We do not offer advice in relation to tax, accounting, regulatory or legal matters and you should take separate advice as necessary regarding such matters.

We will not provide you with any advice on the purchase or make a recommendation of policies, and customers should make their own decision regarding the suitability of products offered.
Our RemunerationOur remuneration for the services we provide you, will be a commission, which is a percentage of the insurance premium set by the insurer with whom the insurance is placed and includedin the premium paid by you, or a fee as agreed with you.
Where any fees, in addition to or instead of commission are to be charged we will explain these to you before you purchase a policy
If you would like to know the amount of commission that we are paid in respect of your insurance contract this information is available on request.
We may in certain circumstances be paid other remuneration which may include a profit commission, payable in arrears and dependenton the profitability of the insureraccount, or, in respect of premium financing, we may derive additional income from a finance provider depending upon the total amount of premiums financed by it.Complaints and CompensationWe aim to provide you with a high level of service at all times but recognise that things can sometimes go wrong.
If you are not satisfied with any aspect of the service provided by us, please contact us using the information provided below to provide details of the problem.
To make a complaint, please contact us in writing or by telephone or e-mail at:

Tel: +44 (0)203 797 1287

Email: info@wecovr.com
We will seek to resolve matters as quickly and fairly as possible.
In any case we will:

Acknowledge your complaint within two business days requesting any additional information needed;
Normally seek to have investigated and responded to you within 4 weeks setting out our final response;
If due to complexity or reasons beyond our control, we will not be able to provide a final response in that timeframe we will advise you setting out the reason, but in any case, we would expect to have provided a final response within 8 weeks

If you are not satisfied, you may be eligible to refer the matter to the Financial Ombudsman Service (‘FOS’) at Exchange Tower, London, E14 9SR or telephone on 0800 023 4567 / 0300 123 9123 or http://www.financial-ombudsman.org.uk.
We are also covered by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (‘FSCS’).
You may be entitled to compensation from the scheme if we cannot meet our obligations.
This depends on the type of insurance, size of business (if a commercial customer) and the circumstances of the claim.
Further information about the compensation scheme arrangements is available from the FSCS at 10th floor, Beaufort House, 15 St Botolph Street, London, EC3A 7QU, telephone 0800 678 1000, http://www.fscs.org.uk.Your ResponsibilitiesYou are responsible for providing complete and accurate information to insurers when you take out a policy, throughout the life of a policy, when you renew a policy and when you make a claim.
You must be sure that the information you have given to us to pass onto the insurers is a “fair presentation” of the risk.
You must disclose to insurers via us, before the terms of the insurance contract are finalised with insurers, all information which is known to you (or which ought to be known to you based on reasonable enquiries) in the ordinary course of your business and which is material to the risk.
Such disclosure must also be reasonable clear and accessible and you must respond fully to any requests for information made by insurers.
Information is material if it would influence the judgment of a prudent insurer (not necessarily the insurer in question) in establishing the premium or determining whether to underwrite the risk.
If there is any doubt as to whether the information is material, it must be disclosed to insurers.Policy DocumentationWe will endeavour ensure your policy documents are issued promptly.
You should read all insurance policy documents sent to you.
You are responsible for reviewing the documentation we send to you and confirming the coverage is in accordance with your instructions.
Please ensure you understand the policy terms, conditions and warranties and are able to follow their requirements exactly.
If there is anything you do not understand, please advise us immediately so that we can explain it to you, as a breach of any terms, conditions or warranties may enable your insurer to terminate your policy from the date of that breach or from inception of the policy, and/or repudiate a claim under your policy.Notification of Incidents and ClaimsClaims should be advised to in accordance with the Policy Wording.Cancellation of insurancesYour policy documents will detail your rights to cancel any insurance you have purchased.
The insurance contract may include provisions permitting you or the insurer to cancel the policy.
If you wish to give notice of cancellation under the terms of the policy, please contact us in writing.
A condition of cancellation may require the return of any relevant certificate of insurance or other document issued to you.
If insurers wish to cancel this insurance contract, we/they shall contact you at the last known address we/they have for you on our/their records.Return PremiumsReturn premiums may arise if an insurance risk is reduced or a policy cancelled.
A return premium may be allowed by insurers depending on the precise policy terms and conditions.
Insurers may not allow a return premium if any claims have been made under the current insurance contract.Security (Solvency of Insurers)We may use UK or Non-UK rated or unrated insurers for a particular client or risk.
You should be aware that a different legal and regulatory regime may apply for Non-UK insurers so your ability to enforce your legal rights or to seek compensation may vary.
If you do not wish to use a Non-UK or unrated insurer, please advise us immediately.
We do not guarantee the solvency of any insurer we place business with.
We do not monitor insurer solvency on an ongoing basis, and shall not be liable for losses suffered by you in the event of the insolvency of an insurer.
If an insurer with which you have a policy becomes insolvent, you may still be liable for any unpaid premiums you owe it and we may be unable to collect any return premiums that might be due to you.Client MoneyWe hold money received from you, or to pay to you, as ‘client money’, either:
As your agent in a statutory trust bank account, which, in the unlikely event of our failure, is available to clients ahead of insurers and other creditors.
or
As agent of your insurers under agreements with some insurers specifying that premiums and claims monies received by us are held as agent for those insurers.
This is termed ‘risk transfer’.
Statutory trust accounts are subject to strict controls set out in the FCA CASS Handbook including rules in relation to segregation, establishing the trust, and the detailed operation of the trust.
These controls provide robust protection in relation to funds held on behalf of policyholders and insurers.Confidentiality of Personal Information If you are an individual, we will process your personal information responsibly, fairly and in accordance with the WeCovr Privacy Notice available at https://wecovr.com/privacy.
We will hold and process such personal information:

in order to provide our services to you.
and
to comply with applicable laws, prevent and detect fraud, and cooperate with regulators where appropriate, as outlined in the WeCovr Privacy Notice.

Unless we are notified of any changes, we shall assume the personal information we hold about our customers is correct.
We may pass information about you to credit reference agencies for the purpose of arranging payments by instalments and may also pass to them details of your payment record with us.
Under data protection legislation, individuals have the right to see personal information about them that we hold in our records.
If you wish to exercise this right, or have any related queries, you should contact us.
For more information on how we process your personal information and your rights with respect to your personal data, visit the WeCovr Privacy Notice.
You will ensure that all personal information provided to us is accurate and, where appropriate, kept up to date, and will notify us if you become aware that such personal information is inaccurate.
You will provide us with reasonable assistance, upon request, in dealing with any requests, inquiries or complaints that we receive from data subjects and/or supervisory authorities in relation to any personal information processed under this Agreement.Money Laundering/Proceeds of Crime ActWe are obliged to report to the National Criminal Intelligence Service any evidence or suspicion of money laundering at the first opportunity and we are prohibited from disclosing any such report (including the fact that such a report has been made).
Claims payment will be made in favour of you.
If you require a payment to be made to a third party, then you must confirm the required payee name and details and provide a brief explanation for your request subject to relevant checks being completed on the third party.Third Party RightsUnless otherwise agreed between us in writing, no term of this agreement is enforceable under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.Governing LawThis Agreement shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales and the parties agree herewith that any disagreements over the interpretation of this agreement will be resolved through binding, informal arbitration.
