
         Cookie policy Our website uses cookies, scripts and web beacons.
These technologies are also used via third parties engaged by Takeaway.com.
In the document below, we will inform you about the use of these technologies on our website.

What is a cookie?
A cookie is a simple, small file that is sent together with pages from this website and stored on the hard drive of your computer by your browser.
The information stored in the cookie can be sent back to our servers the next time you visit or returned to the third parties concerned.

What is a script?
A script is a piece of programming code that we use to enable our website to function correctly and to make it interactive.
This code is executed on our server or on your system.

What is a web beacon?
A web beacon is a small, invisible piece of text or an image on a website that is used to identify traffic on a website.
To do this, various details about you are stored with the help of web beacons.
You may deactivate cookies, scripts and web beacons.
However, if you do this, bear in mind that our website may no longer work optimally.
Where we mention cookies later in this statement, we also mean scripts and web beacons.

The cookies we place
We use both functional cookies and cookies from third parties for analysis and marketing purposes.

Functional cookies
Functional cookies enable certain parts of the website to work properly and for your user preferences to remain known.
For instance, cookies are used to set the correct fonts and language for you, to store your user session on the web server so that you can view the website and your shopping basket can remain full and to store the last address you entered.These are all functions which would not work without these cookies.

Cookies from third parties
In addition to functional cookies, there are also cookies that we do not place or read, but that come from third parties which have been engaged by Takeway.com and which offer potential functionality on the websites.
We will describe below the purposes of these cookies for each party.
Google Analytics:The US company Google places cookies via our website as part of the Google Analytics.
We use these services to obtain reports on things such as how visitors use our website, the use of advertisements, the use of Google’s search engine and the restaurants viewed by visitors to our website.
Google may provide this information to third parties if Google is required by law to do this, or where third parties process the information on Google’s behalf.
We have made various arrangements with Google to protect your personal information when using Google Analytics:

We have not given Google permission to use the information obtained for other Google services.
We have entered into a processor’s agreement with Google.

Read Google’s privacy statement (which is subject to change regularly) to find out what they do with your personal and other data that they process via these cookies.
The information is transferred to and saved on servers in the United States.
Google asserts that it adheres to the Safe Harbor principles and is affiliated with the Safe Harbor programme of the US Department of Commerce.
This means that there is an appropriate level of protection for the processing of any personal data.

Social plug-ins
We have included buttons on our web pages that allow you to promote (“like”) or share (“tweet”) on social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and YouTube.
These buttons work using pieces of code which come from Facebook, Twitter, Google + and YouTube.
Cookies are placed using this code.
In addition to these social media buttons, our website shows video’s that are accessible through websites of third parties, including YouTube and VMEO.
These parties place cookies that allow you to view the video’s.
Read the privacy statements of Twitter, Facebook, Google, YouTube and VIMEO (which are subject to change regularly) to find out what they do with your personal and other data that they process via these cookies.
The information they collect is anonymised as much as possible.
The information is transferred to and saved by Twitter, Facebook, Google+, YouTube and VMEO on servers in the United States.
These five service providers assert that they adhere to the Safe Harbor principles and they are affiliated with the Safe Harbor programme of the US Department of Commerce.
This means that there is an appropriate level of protection for the processing of any personal data.

Right to inspection of and correction or removal of your data
You have the right to request to inspect and correct or remove your data.
For more details, see our contact page.
To avoid misuse, we may ask you to provide appropriate identification.
When this request regards the inspection of personal data linked to a cookie, you should send a copy of the cookie in question.
You can find this in your browser settings.

Activation and deactivation of cookies and removal of cookies
You can find more information about the activation, deactivation and removal of cookies in the instructions of your browser and/or by using your browser’s Help function.

Questions?
If you have any questions and/or comments about our cookie policy, you can contact us using our contact form, or via our postal address Oosterdoksstraat 80, 1011 DK in Amsterdam, marking your correspondence Privacy Department.
This cookie policy was most recently amended on [1] June 2016.
I understand, bring me back to the corporate website.
