

Products


Play
Video Player
Mobile SDKs
OTT Apps


Stream
Video Delivery
Live Streaming
Content Protection


Monetize
Video Monetization
Player Bidding
Yield Optimization
Outstream Player


Engage
Audience Engagement
Article Matching
Recommendations
Analytics




Recent News
Introducing Live Channels




Advertisers
Solutions


Publishers
Film &amp.
TV
Fitness
Online Courses
Sports
Faith
Dev Shops
Ad Networks
Retail



See how we stack up against our competition.

Brightcove vs JW Player




Resources


Blog
Events
Webinars
Case Studies
Playbooks &amp.
more
News Room
Press Releases
Contact Us




What's New


The Modern Publisher’s Guide to Video Advertising




Company


About Us
Careers
Contact Us








Support
Dashboard
Pricing
DMCA COPYRIGHT POLICY
LongTail Ad Solutions, Inc.
("JW Player", "Company") has adopted the following general policy toward copyright infringement in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA").
We reserve the right to (1) block access to or remove material that we believe in good faith to be copyrighted material that has been illegally copied and distributed by any of our advertisers, affiliates, content providers, members or users and (2) remove and discontinue service to repeat offenders immediately upon subsequent violation.
The address of the Designated Agent to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement ("Designated Agent") is listed at the bottom of this page.
Please note that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements below, your DMCA notice or counter-notification may not be processed.
Remember that your use of JW Player's Services is at all times subject to the Terms of Service located at https://www.jwplayer.com/tos/ which incorporates this DMCA Copyright Policy.
Any terms we use in this DMCA Copyright Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the Terms of Service located at https://www.jwplayer.com/tos/
I.
Reporting Copyright Infringement:
If you believe that material or content residing on or accessible through JW Player's websites or services infringes your copyright (or the copyright of someone whom you are authorized to act on behalf of), please send a notice of copyright infringement containing the following information to the Designated Agent listed below:

Your contact information, including address, telephone number and, if available, your e-mail address;
Identification of the works or materials being infringed;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing including information regarding the location of the infringing materials that the copyright owner seeks to have removed, with sufficient detail so that JW Player is capable of finding and verifying its existence (e.g.
the URL);
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material identified in I(3) is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement made under penalty of perjury that the information provided is accurate and you are authorized to make the complaint on behalf of the copyright owner.
and
Your physical or electronic signature.


UNDER SECTION 512(f) OF THE COPYRIGHT ACT, 17 U.S.C.
§ 512(f), ANY PERSON WHO KNOWINGLY MATERIALLY MISREPRESENTS THAT MATERIAL OR ACTIVITY IS INFRINGING MAY BE SUBJECT TO LIABILITY.

II.
Once Proper Bona Fide Infringement Notification is Received by the Designated Agent
Upon receipt of a proper notice of copyright infringement, we reserve the right to:

Remove or disable access to the infringing material;
Notify the content provider who is accused of infringement that we have removed or disabled access to the applicable material.
and
Terminate such content provider's access to the Services if such content provider is a repeat offender.

III.
Counter-Notification
If you believe that your material has been removed or access to your material has been disabled due to mistake or misidentification (e.g., because your material is not infringing or you have the right to post and use such material from the copyright owner, the copyright owner's agent, or, pursuant to the law), please provide a counter-notification containing the following information to the Designated Agent listed below:

Your contact information, including address, telephone number and, if available, your e-mail address;
Identification of the material that was removed or to which access has been disabled including information regarding the location of the infringing material before it was removed or disabled, with sufficient detail so that JW Player is capable of finding it and verifying its existence (e.g.
the URL);
A statement made under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification;
A statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your address is located, or if your address is outside of the United States, any judicial district in which JW Player is located (including the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York), and that you will accept service of process from the person who filed the original DMCA notice or an agent of that person.
and
Your physical or electronic signature.


UNDER SECTION 512(f) OF THE COPYRIGHT ACT, 17 U.S.C.
§ 512(f), ANY PERSON WHO KNOWINGLY MATERIALLY MISREPRESENTS THAT MATERIAL WAS REMOVED OR DISABLED BY MISTAKE OR MISIDENTIFICATION MAY BE SUBJECT TO LIABILITY.

If a counter-notice is received by the Designated Agent, JW Player may, in its discretion, forward a copy of your counter-notification to the person who submitted the original notice of infringement informing that person that JW Player may replace the removed material or cease disabling it in 10 business days.
If JW Player does not receive notice that a lawsuit for copyright infringement has been filed against the content provider accused of committing infringement, we may replace or restore access to the removed materials in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, atJW Player's discretion.
Until that time, your materials will remain removed.
Designated Agent
Please contact the Designated Agent to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement for Company at dmca@jwplayer.com or at:
Attn: Copyright Compliance Department
LongTail Ad Solutions, Inc.
d/b/a JW Player
8 W 38th St., Ste.
901
New York, NY 10018
212-244-0140

Updated: June 30, 2020

© 2007-2021 Longtail Ad Solutions, Inc.

Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
DMCA
Developers
About Us
Careers
 Privacy Preference CenterYour PrivacyYour PrivacyJW Player websites may request cookies to be set on your device.
We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with JW Player.
Click on the different category headings to find out more.
You can also change your cookie preferences.
Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
More information.

Functional CookiesFunctional Cookies Functional CookiesThese cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation.
They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.
If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.

Strictly Necessary CookiesStrictly Necessary CookiesAlways Active Strictly Necessary CookiesThese cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems.
They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.
You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.
These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Targeting CookiesTargeting Cookies Targeting CookiesThese cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners.
They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.
They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device.
If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.

Performance CookiesPerformance Cookies Performance CookiesThese cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site.
They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Back ButtonAdvertising Cookies Filter ButtonConsent Leg.Interest Select All Vendors Select All Vendors Select All HostsSelect All

 REPLACE-WITH-DYANMIC-HOST-ID33Across33AcrossView Third Party Cookies
Namecookie name




 REPLACE-WITH-DYANMIC-VENDOR-ID33Across3 PurposesView Privacy Notice33Across3 PurposesView Privacy Notice REPLACE-WITH-DYANMIC-VENDOR-IDConsent Purposes
Location Based Ads
Consent Allowed
Legitimate Interest Purposes
PersonalizeRequire Opt-Out Special Purposes
Location Based Ads
Features
Location Based Ads
Special Features
Location Based Ads


Clear Filters Information storage and accessApplyConfirm My Choices Allow AllWe use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, and personalize our communications with you.
Read about how we use cookies and how you can control them by clicking "Cookie Settings." By clicking “Accept and Continue,”, you consent to our use of cookies.Privacy policy page.Cookies Settings Accept and Continue
      