
         How We Collect Data And Track Activity We don't rely on 3rd parties like Google or Mailchimp.
We collect all data through our own web forms.
These leverage Django CSRF protection.
Across our site and app we use HTTPS to encrypt and prevent modification and interception of data.
We use a self-hosted and open source product - PostHog - for tracking activity on Kanary.
Data is de-identified.
Geolocation is never tracked.
We use this to understand how changes to our site impact how much people use it. How We Store Data All data is stored in a separate access-controlled database within Amazon data centers.
Amazon data centers' operations have been accredited under ISO 27001, SOC 1 and SOC 2/SSAE 16/ISAE 3402 (Previously SAS 70 Type II), PCI Level 1, FISMA Moderate, and Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX).
 How We Protect Data All data written to disk is automatically encrypted at rest.
All database connections require SSL encryption.
We rely on Django standards for protecting passwords - the PBKDF2 algorithm with a SHA256 hash, a password stretching mechanism recommended by NIST.
Two-factor authentication (2FA) is available for all accounts as an added layer of security.
We strongly recommend using 2FA though it isn't required.
 How We Retain Data We keep application logs for 1 week before they are deleted.
Your account data is used to increase the accuracy of scans and removal requests over time.
If you choose to leave Kanary, we delete your account data immediately.
 How We Think About Open Source Kanary was inspired by many open source and libre social intelligence tools.
But because these tools allow for snooping and stalking (anyone can look up anyone), we've chosen to keep Kanary's code closed.
 How We Think About Aggregated Insights We built Kanary to remove personal data from unwanted sites.
We need to hold websites accountable if they do not respond to privacy and data removal requests.
To do this, we collect statistics about which sites are responsive and which sites are not.
We occasionally share the aggregated statistics about site responsiveness with privacy researchers, advocates, and regulators.

Last updated: 2020-09-03 
