
The Kellogg's Store guarantees 100% satisfaction.
If you are unsatisfied with a product that you have purchased, you may return the product for an exchange or refund.
To return an unwanted product for a refund of the purchase price, please send the unopened product within 30 days from the date of shipment.
Product(s) must be returned in new condition, in original boxes (whenever possible), and with all paperwork, parts and accessories to ensure full credit.
Original shipping and handling and return postage charges will not be refunded. The customer is responsible for all shipping charges on returned/exchanged products.
KelloggStore.com is responsible for shipping charges on re-shipment of exchanged products only.
Please Note: Undergarments, Software, and Electronic Media Products (Underwear, Bathing Suits, CDs, DVDs, CD/DVD-ROMs, Computer Games, Software, VHS Tapes) cannot be returned after they have been tried on or opened.
Defective merchandise will be exchanged if returned within 90 days from the date of shipment.
Please contact Customer Service at 1.866.856.5212 if merchandise arrives damaged.
Returns
1.
Send back the item(s) you wish to return per the instructions provided by our Customer Care Representative.
Please include your Order Number and/or a copy of the packing slip and the "Return Authorization" number issued by our Customer Care Representative when you called.
Please also provide a written reason for your return.
2.
The credit card you used for the original purchase will be reimbursed the price you originally paid for the returned item(s), less shipping.
In most cases this credit should appear on your card in the next regular billing cycle.
3.
Any returns of items that you received as a gift will be issued in the form of an online KelloggStore.com.com eGift card in lieu of a refund.
4.
All returned merchandise must be in its original condition, unused, and with original tags and packaging.
5.
Returns made more than 90 days past the original purchase date will be honored in the form of an online KelloggStore.com eGift card in lieu of a refund.
Personalized and other customized items are nonrefundable.
Please Return Products To:
The Kellogg's Store Customer Service 61 Clark Road Battle Creek, MI 49037

      