
        Our Privacy Policy
Keyboard Cat Coin is a decentralized organization of people of diverse backgrounds.
We respect user privacy deeply and aim to store as little information as we need to in as few places as possible.

We will never sell your data to third parties, or share it with anyone other than what's required for us to contact you (if you choose to be contacted).
We store ZERO cookies on your device, and we don't use analytics.

This privacy policy will explain how our organization uses the (limited) personal data we collect from you when you use our website.

Topics:
What data do we collect?How do we collect your data?How will we use your data?How do we store your data?MarketingWhat are your data protection rights?What are cookies?How do we use cookies?What types of cookies do we use?How to manage your cookiesPrivacy policies of other websitesChanges to our privacy policyHow to contact usHow to contact the appropriate authoritiesWhat data do we collect? Keyboard Cat Coin collects &amp.
stores the following data (if you sign up to our newsletter): 
Newsletter Sign Up Information.
your name, your email address, participating BSC Address (optional), your referral code (optional).
How do we collect your data? You directly provide Keyboard Cat Coin with most of the data we collect.
We collect data and process data when you: 

Register to join our newsletter.
How will we use your data? Keyboard Cat Coin collects your data so that we can: 
Email you about Keyboard Cat Coin 
If you agree, Keyboard Cat Coin will share your data ONLY with our partner company Mailchimp so that we can manage our newsletter campaigns.


MailChimp

MailChimp is a trusted &amp.
reputable provider of newsletter management tools used widely across many businesses.
MailChimp will not share your data with third parties.
You can view their privacy policy by clicking the link above and selecting it in the website's footer.
How do we store your data? Keyboard Cat Coin securely stores your data at MailChimp and nowhere else.
Access to this account is limited and not shared with any other mailing lists.
It's also protected to the maximum extent.

Keyboard Cat Coin will keep your Newsletter Sign Up Information for an indefinite period (for your convenience and to ensure you keep receiving messages!).
That said, you may unsubscribe from this whenever you like and your data will be immediately erased.
Marketing You have the right at any time to stop Keyboard Cat Coin from contacting you for marketing purposes (only directly related to this project and no third parties).

If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, you may unsubscribe here.
What are your data protection rights? Keyboard Cat Coin would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights.
Every user is entitled to the following: 

The right to access – You have the right to request Keyboard Cat Coin for copies of your personal data.
We may charge you a small fee for this service.


The right to rectification – You have the right to request that Keyboard Cat Coin correct any information you believe is inaccurate.
You also have the right to request Keyboard Cat Coin to complete the information you believe is incomplete.


The right to erasure – You have the right to request that Keyboard Cat Coin erase your personal data, under certain conditions.


The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that Keyboard Cat Coin restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.


The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to Keyboard Cat Coin’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.


The right to data portability – You have the right to request that Keyboard Cat Coin transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.

If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email: 
privacy@keyboardcatcoin.comWhat are Cookies? Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information.
When you visit most websites, they usually collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology.

For further information, visit allaboutcookies.org.
How do we use cookies?Keyboard Cat Coin stores and uses ZERO cookies, that's why we don't have an annoying notice about them! What types of cookies do we use? There are a number of different types of cookies, however, our website uses: 
None of them, haha.
Meow! How to manage cookies You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and the above website tells you how to remove cookies from your browser.

However, in many cases, websites (other than ours) may not function correctly as a result.
Privacy policies of other websites The Keyboard Cat Coin website contains links to other websites.
Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.
Changes to our privacy policy Keyboard Cat Coin keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page.
 This privacy policy was last updated on 26 October 2021.
How to contact us If you have any questions about Keyboard Cat Coin’s privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.

Email us at: privacy@keyboardcatcoin.com How to contact the appropriate authority Should you wish to report a complaint or if you feel that Keyboard Cat Coin has not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, you may contact the Information Commissioner’s Office.

 Please find the details for your local authority! 
      