
This policy explains our use of cookies and other technologies to understand, improve and protect Kickstarter.
If you see a capitalized word, it’s defined in our Terms of Use. What they are
Cookies are small data files that are issued to your device when you visit a website and that store information about your use of a service.
Pixel tags (which are also called clear GIFs, web beacons, or pixels) are little snippets of code or tiny images embedded on websites and in email that help us learn how you interact with our site and emails. Why we use them
Kickstarter uses cookies and these other technologies to help recognize you as a repeat visitor and, to improve the quality of our Services. How they work
When you visit Kickstarter, our web server sends a cookie to your device, which allows us to recognize your device (but not the specific person using it).
By associating the identification numbers in the cookies with other account information when, for example, you log in to our Services, we know that the cookie information relates to your user account.
Similarly, pixel tags on Kickstarter and in email communications help us identify how your device is being used to interact with Kickstarter content.
Some of the tags and cookies used by our Services are served by us, and some are served by trusted partners who are delivering services on our behalf.
Some examples of the types of cookies and other technologies Kickstarter uses:


Authentication
Kickstarter uses authentication cookies and similar technologies to tell us when you’re logged in to Kickstarter.
This lets us show you personalized views related to your interests and connect you with projects like those you may already have backed.


Security
Cookies also help keep Kickstarter secure by facilitating security features and allowing us to detect activity that might violate our rules and Terms of Use.
These cookies help protect your account from being accessed by anyone other than you, alert you and us when your account is accessed, and provide capabilities that allow us to disable any active sessions you have (for example, when you log out or change your password).


Localization
Some cookies help us provide localized experiences — for example, by making sure you see Kickstarter in your preferred language.


Site features and services
Kickstarter uses cookies that provide functionality and help us deliver our products and services — for instance, by storing your preferences or by pre-filling the username field when you log in.


Performance
Performance cookies help us route traffic between servers and understand how Kickstarter is performing, so we can provide you with the best experience possible.
We may use third party software development kits (SDK) in our mobile apps to collect information about activity in the app, the type of device and operating system it is running on and how the app is functioning.
For example an SDK may send us a report if the app crashes, and reports on which features of the app are used more than others.


Analytics and research
Cookies and other technologies also help us to understand, improve, and research features and content on the Kickstarter site.
For example, we may use cookies to understand how you are discovering projects or to determine which types of browsers or devices are accessing Kickstarter.
You can opt-out of being included in Google Analytics here.


Social Media Platforms
Cookies and other technologies make interacting with social media platforms more seamless.
For example, when you’re signed into social media accounts while you use our Services, these technologies enable you to share content with your social network or, in some cases, log in using your social media credentials.
These features are usually controlled by the social media platform you are using and are governed by its separate privacy policies and the preferences you set with that service.


Marketing
Cookies help us deliver targeted advertisements on social media platforms, based on your activity on Kickstarter, including the projects you’ve backed or creators you’ve followed on Kickstarter, and to track the performance of those ads.
This is sometimes referred to as online behavioral advertising.
In some cases, our partners may use cookies to provide us with information about your interactions with their services.
Those third-party cookies would be subject to the third party service’s policies.
You can opt-out of online behavioral advertising.
The Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising program provides consumers with the ability to opt-out of having their online behavior recorded and used for advertising purposes.
To opt out of having your online behavior collected for advertising purposes, click here.
Certain choices you make are both browser- and device-specific.


You can control certain cookies
Your browser may give you the ability to control cookies.
How you do so depends on the type of cookie.
Certain browsers can be set to reject browser cookies.
Blocking or deleting cookies may prevent you from using most of our Services.
To find out more about how to enable, disable, or delete cookies from your web browser, please visit here.
To control flash cookies, which may be used on certain websites from time to time, you can go here.
Why? Because flash cookies cannot be controlled through your browser settings.
Our Do Not Track Policy
Some browsers have “do not track” features that allow you to tell a website not to track you.
These features are not all uniform.
We do not currently respond to those signals.
If you block cookies, certain features on our sites may not work.
If you block or reject cookies, not all of the tracking described here will stop.
Certain options you select are browser- and device-specific. Questions?

If you have questions or suggestions, please contact us.


This updated policy will go into effect on May 25, 2018.
To see the previous version of this policy, click here.
To see a comparison of the two versions, click here.

