
         Privacy Policy 
Privacy Policy of Kidrated Limited (Kidrated) in relation to its Website Services


January 2014 

Kidrated is very conscious of online privacy concerning its Members.
If you have any questions concerning this privacy policy, please email us at privacy@kidrated.co.uk.



Data Collection and Use 



Kidrated will collect Members’ submitted materials such as name and email address in order to authenticate a member and to communicate with that member about its Services.
Kidrated may also choose to log non-personal identifiable data including your IP address, user data, and browser type, from all Members and visitors to the site.
This data collection is used to assist us in managing the website, track the usage and improve our Services as defined in our Terms and Conditions.
This non-personal identifiable information may be shared with third parties to provide more relevant Services and advertisements to Members.
IP addresses may be recorded for security and monitoring purposes only.
From time to time, Kidrated or a partner organisation may sponsor a promotion or contest on Kidrated.
Members may be asked to provide personal information including your name, email address or home address or to answer questions in order to participate.
This personal information may be passed on to certain advertising partners that you have explicitly requested to receive information from.
We will ensure that it is clear at the point of collection who is collecting the personal information and whose privacy statement will apply.



Cookies 



Kidrated uses cookies to store visitors’ preferences and to record session information, for purposes including ensuring that visitors are not repeatedly offered the same advertisements and to customise newsletters, advertising, and Web page content based on browser type.
The information that is stored in cookies is not linked to any personally identifiable information which Members enter on the site.
You can change your cookie preferences within your browser settings to configure your browser to accept or reject all or some cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set, however, disabling cookies with Kidrated may limit the Services available to you.
Please be aware that Kidrated allows third party advertisers that are placing advertisements on some page of our site to set and access their cookies on your computer.
Each Advertiser is subject to their own privacy policy and use of cookies and it is not the party to the Kidrated Privacy Policy.



Links



Kidrated is not responsible or liable for the privacy policies and/or practices on other linked sites.
When linking to another site a member or visitor should read the privacy policy associated with that site.
This privacy policy is only associated with information collected on Kidrated.



Security 



Kidrated member accounts are secured by member-created passwords.
Kidrated takes every endeavour to ensure that Members account information is kept private.
We take reasonable measures to protect member information that is stored within our databases, and there is restricted access to member information to only those employees who need access, such as our customer service and technical staff.
Please note that we cannot guarantee the security of member account information.
Unauthorised entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors could compromise the security of member information at any time.
If you would like any additional information about the security measures we use, please contact us at privacy@kidrated.co.uk



Changes in Our Privacy Policy 



We may make changes to our privacy policy on occasion, in the event of this we will post the changes on the site to ensure that our users are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and when we may disclose it.
Acceptance of any minor changes will be taken if a user uses the site after those changes have been posted.
In the event that we are going to use Members personally identifiable information in such a way that is materially different from that stated at the time of collection we will post a notice on the Web site for 30 days.
