
When you opt-in to the service, we will send you an SMS message to confirm your signup.
You can cancel this service at any time.
Just text "STOP" to 335-47, After you send the message "STOP" to us, we will send you a reply message to confirm that you have been unsubscribed.
After this, you will no longer receive messages from us.
If you want to join again, just sign up as you did the first time and we will start sending messages to you again.
If at any time you forget what keywords are supported, just text "HELP" to 335-47.
After you send the message "HELP" to us, we will respond with instructions on how to use our service as well as how to unsubscribe.
We are able to deliver messages to the following mobile phone carriers:

Major Carriers: AT&T, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, T-Mobile

Minor Carriers: U.S.
Cellular, Boost Mobile, MetroPCS, Virgin Mobile, Alaska Communications Systems (ACS), Appalachian Wireless (EKN), Bluegrass Cellular, Cellular One of East Central, IL (ECIT), Cellular One of Northeast Pennsylvania, Cricket, Coral Wireless (Mobi PCS), COX, Cross, Element Mobile (Flat Wireless), Epic Touch (Elkhart Telephone), GCI, Golden State, Hawkeye (Chat Mobility), Hawkeye (NW Missouri), Illinois Valley Cellular, Inland Cellular, iWireless (Iowa Wireless), Keystone Wireless (Immix Wireless/PC Man), Mosaic (Consolidated or CTC Telecom), Nex-Tech Wireless, NTelos, Panhandle Communications, Pioneer, Plateau (Texas RSA 3 Ltd), Revol, RINA, Simmetry (TMP Corporation), Thumb Cellular, Union Wireless, United Wireless, Viaero Wireless, and West Central (WCC or 5 Star Wireless).


As always, Message and Data Rates May Apply for any messages sent to you from us and to us from you.
If you have any questions about your text plan or data plan, it is best to contact your wireless provider.
For all questions about the services provided by this short code, you can send an email to customercare@kiwico.comcustomercare@kiwico.com.
If you have any questions regarding privacy, please read our privacy policy.
