
        
Acceptable Use Policy
You acknowledge and agree that your acceptance and use of services offered by Red Motion, Inc.
("Kiwi6")
constitutes your acceptance of and agreement to this document - Kiwi6's Acceptable Use Policy.
If you violate the policy or authorize or help others to do so, we may terminate your use of the service
and pursue other remedies as provided by law.
No Illegal, Harmful, or Offensive Content
You may not use the service for any illegal, harmful or offensive use, or transmit, store, distribute or otherwise make available content that is illegal, harmful, or offensive.
Prohibited activities and content include, but are not limited to:

Illegal Activities.
Any illegal activities, including advertising, transmitting, or otherwise promoting or facilitating child exploitation.
Harmful or Fraudulent Activities.
Activities that may be harmful to our users, operations, or reputation, including offering fraudulent goods, services, schemes, promotions (e.g., make-money-fast, ponzi and pyramid schemes, phishing, or pharming), or engaging in other deceptive practices.
Infringing Content.
Content that infringes or misappropriates the intellectual property rights of others.
Offensive Content.
Content that is defamatory, obscene, abusive, or otherwise objectionable, including content that constitutes child exploitation.
Harmful Content.
Content that may damage, or interfere with other systems or programs including viruses, Trojan horses, or worms.

No Security Violations
You may not use the service to violate the security or integrity of any network, system, or software application.
Prohibited activities include, but are not limited to:

Unauthorized Access.
Accessing or using any System without permission, including attempting to scan or test the vulnerability of a System or to breach any security or authentication measures used by a System.
Interception.
Monitoring data or traffic on a System without explicit permission.

Circumvention of Limits
You may not use technological or other means to circumvent the limits on your account.
You many not have or control more than one account.
Users who create multiple accounts are subject to account closure without notice.
Commercial use of Hotlinking
Kiwi6 provides free hotlinking ("direct linking") for personal use only.
Hotlinking refers to the practice of directly linking to or embedding content on another page without first linking to Kiwi6.

You may not use free hotlinking if:

Your usage is primarily for monetization.
You are using Kiwi6 in a manner consistent with commercial use.
For example, as a content delivery network.

Kiwi6 reserves the right to determine whether use constitutes commercial use and may limit or terminate service to accounts found to be in violation of this policy.
Monitoring and Enforcement

We may report any activity that we suspect violates any law or regulation to appropriate law enforcement officials or regulators.
Our reporting may include disclosing appropriate customer information.


We may also cooperate with law enforcement agencies or regulators to help with the investigation and prosecution of illegal conduct by providing network and systems information related to alleged violations of this Policy.

