
         KIXEYE California Privacy Rights Statement  Last Updated: January 01, 2020 
This statement applies to California residents.
It describes how we collect, use and share Personal Information of California residents in operating our business, and their rights with respect to that Personal Information.
For purposes of this section, “Personal Information” has the meaning given in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) but does not include certain de-identified or aggregated information, information publicly available in government records, or certain information excluded from the CCPA’s scope.
“Personal Information" otherwise means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.

Sale of Personal Information. We do not sell your Personal Information to third parties.
We do share Personal Information with third parties for the business and commercial purposes described in our Privacy Policy, including without limitation advertising and marketing of the Services.

Personal Information Disclosures. In addition to the categories of recipients identified in the “Who Do We Share this Data With?” section of our Privacy Policy, we disclose personal information to, or allow access to personal information by, the following types of recipients:

Customer Service Vendors
Quality Assurance Vendors
Cloud Storage Providers
Payment Processors
Security Vendors and Service Providers
Social Media Provider Networks
Advertising and Marketing Partners


Your California privacy rights. Effective January 1, 2020, as a California resident, and upon your verifiable consumer request, you have the rights listed below.
However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.

Your Right to Know
You have the right to request any or all of the following information relating to the personal information we have collected about you or disclosed in the last 12 months, upon verification of your identity:

The business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling personal information about you.
The specific personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources of the personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of personal information that we have disclosed about you to third parties for a business purpose, and the categories of recipients of this information;
The categories of personal information about you we have sold, and the categories of third parties to whom this information was sold;


The Right to Request Deletion
You have the right to request the deletion of personal information that we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
For example, we may retain information needed to resolve disputes, enforce our user agreements, protect our legal rights, and comply with technical and legal requirements and constraints, including tracking compliance with your deletion request.

The Right to Opt-Out of Personal Information Sales
You have the right to instruct us not to sell the personal information we have collected about you to third parties, now or in the future.
If you are under the age of 16, you have the right to opt-in, or to have a parent or guardian opt-in on your behalf, to such sales.

The Right to Non-Discrimination
You will not be discriminated against for exercising any of the rights described above.
However, if the exercise of your rights limits our ability to retain or process your personal information (for example, a deletion request), we may no longer be able to furnish the Services in the same manner, or at all.

"California Shine the Light Law"
Separate from the rights afforded by the CCPA, California residents that have an established business relationship with us have the right to know how their information is disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes under California’s "Shine the Light" law (Civ.
Code § 1798.83).

Exercising your CCPA and other rights. You may exercise your California privacy rights described above by emailing us at privacy@kixeye.com, or by completing this CA Rights Request Form.
Written requests can also be mailed to KIXEYE, PO Box 14099, Portland OR 97293, ATTN: KIXEYE LEGAL - CA Privacy.
Note: We will need to verify your identity and California residency to process your requests to exercise your information, access or deletion rights.
We cannot process your request if you do not timely provide us with such verification or sufficient detail to allow us to understand and/or respond to requests.

Use of Request Agents. You are permitted to use an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf where (i) you provide sufficient evidence to show that the requestor is an authorized agent with written permission to act on your behalf and (ii) you successfully verify your own identity with us.

Response Timing. We will respond to a consumer request for information or deletion within 45 days.
If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and revised timing in writing.

Minor Children. We do not sell the personal information of consumers we know to be less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization from either the minor who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a minor less than 13 years of age.

Updates. We may update this California Privacy Rights Statement from time to time.
When we make changes to this California Privacy Rights Statement, we will amend the "Last Updated" date.
If we make material changes to this California Privacy Rights Statement, we will notify you by email to the email address on file, by prominent posting on our online services, or through other relevant communication channels.
All changes shall be effective from the date of publication unless otherwise noted.
