






Articles


Dictionary


About

 Bible Start Reading
Search by Keyword
Audio Bible
Reading Plans
Download 
 About Us Authorized King James Version Bible 

Our website features the Authorized King James Version of the Holy Bible which is God’s providentially appointed Word for the whole world which reveals the name of the Father as “Jehovah,” and the name of His Son, “Jesus,” in Whom there is salvation, and the name of the “Holy Ghost,” Who indwells every born-again Christian believer.

Works like a Bible APP (only requires an internet connection).
100% AD-FREE.
Easy to use website navigation.
Intelligent bookmark system.
Customization (The settings menu has many useful features for users).
Mobile Friendly (built using the latest Bootstrap 4 Front-end framework).
Easy to share with other people.
Social media is built into the most important pages.
Multi-language support.
Read the Bible in English or Simplified \ Traditional Chinese.
Font support for dyslexic readers (OpenDyslexic).
SSL Secure Connection.
We respect your privacy.
We never track information about our users!
 Dyslexia-Friendly Bible 
 Our King James Bible website now supports optimal fonts and colors to improve readability for people with dyslexia.
To activate this feature, please follow the instructions below:

Go to the settings menu.
Select OpenDyslexic under "Font Family".
Click the green "Update" button near the bottom of the screen.

A dyslexia-friendly Bible is also available on Nook for FREE.
Text to Speech 



Text to speech works on later versions of Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox using browser extensions.
I recommend Natural Reader or Read Aloud for Chrome.
Read Aloud also works on Firefox and can be downloaded here.
Supports English and Chinese. Navigation 

These notes are designed to introduce you to our navigation system:


Tweet: Click this icon to share the current page on social media (Twitter).
The message can be customized to your liking.

Breadcrumb navigation: Navigate to any book of the Bible with just a few clicks.
Switch to Old Testament \ New Testament.

Search Bar: Here you can put in the Book, Chapter and \ or verses that you want to search for.
Book abbreviations are acceptable e.g.
(Gen, Lev, Exo) Chapter is required, verses are optional.
See the above screenshot for an example.


Settings menu: Click this icon to goto the settings menu.
Change font family, font size, font color and many other settings in this menu.
In this screenshot we are using the Nunito font family, 20px font size, burnt umber as the font color and highlighting the Words of Jesus in bold style.

Bookmark page: Intelligent bookmark system.
Click the bookmark 
 icon to bookmark any page on our website (where available).
To return to that bookmark, click the 
 (homepage) button.
bookmark information will now appear on the top (if using a mobile phone) or top-left corner (if using a desktop \ laptop) of the homepage.

Copy Verses: Click the Copy Verses button to copy all verses to clipboard.
Easily share these verses on social media, with your mobile phone contacts or to your desktop using (CTRL-V).

Chapter navigation: Click the previous and next buttons to go back or forward 1 chapter.
 Settings Menu 

The settings menu allows you to customize your Bible reading experience.
Change fonts, font sizes, font colors and more! The settings menu is now color-coded to indicate what part of the website it controls. Statement of Faith 


We believe in the Almighty God who is revealed as the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit.
- 1 John 5:7
We believe that salvation is by Grace through faith in Jesus Christ.
- Ephesians 2:8-10
We believe that the Bible is the infallible Word of God and is the sole source of authority for religious faith and practice.
- Ps.
12:6-7
 Bible Reading Tips 

Follow these Bible reading tips to make the most out of your visit to our website.

If you haven't already, customize your Bible reading experience through our settings menu.
This is the most unique feature of our website that sets us apart from other websites.
Pray and ask God to be filled with the Holy Spirit before reading the Bible.
The Holy Spirit guides us to all truth.
- John 16:13
Be consistent.
Try to read the Bible every day so that you can be filled with the power of God's word.
To help you be consistent, start one of our three Bible reading plans.
If you've never read through the Bible before, start with the New Testament reading plan as it can be completed in just 54 days.
For reading plans, enable the 'estimate reading time' feature in the settings menu.
 We respect your privacy! 


We DO NOT collect or share any information about the user.
This site uses cookies

 to set user preferences via the settings menu.
These cookies DO NOT reveal any information about the user.
We DO NOT use Google Analytics or any type of tracking software (like Facebook Pixel) to collect information about our visitors.
 Make a Donation 

Please help support our website by making a donation today.
Donate using PayPal: Donate now! Contact Us 

You can contact us by clicking the mail icon 
 in the footer of any page.


















1611 Authorized King James Bible online.
© Derek Ziemer Some Rights Reserved.KJVPCE.com
