

 Privacy Policy 

Your privacy policy must disclose the manner in which your application accesses, uses, stores, and or shares Google user data.
Klop operates the drive.klop.me website, which provides the SERVICE.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy.
The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at , unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.


Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to login by Google accounts for verification that you want to use our sharing services.
The information that we collect will be used to application access only and not shared with others.
Klop want to :

Create, modify permission folders in your Google Drive
Showing, upload, copy, update, and delete files in your Google Drive
Create, access, update, and delete native Google documents in your Google Drive
Manage files and documents in your Google Drive (e.g., search, organize, and modify permissions and other metadata, such as title)


We will access your Google Drive accounts for implementings our sharing concepts.
We just create folder & modify permission, showing files, delete file, create file &amp.
copying file from other user to your account that you want to download to your google drive account, displays the file information that has been copied and we will display profile information such as ID, Name and Email.
Note : We don't distrubing other files that you haves.
Our website uses these “cookies” to collection information and to improve our Service.
If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use our Service.


Application Access and Uses
We provide a platform for easy sharing your Google Drive file.
Which we know, Google will generate long URL for shareable link.
With our service you can shorten long Google Drive shareable link.
If you interest with our tools, you can use that at homepage and feel free to distribute that with your friends.
:)


Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it.
But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.


Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites.
If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site.
Note that these external sites are not operated by us.
Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third- party sites or services.


Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time.
Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes.
We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.


Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us via email: masbudi@my.smccd.edu.


Google Privacy Policy
Readmore for Google Privacy Policy



© 2018 Klop.me | All Rights Reserved

Contact Us | Terms &amp.
Conditions | Privacy Policy


