

Skip to main content
 Kodak Logo Company

About Us 
Executive Leadership
Careers
Innovation
Investor Center
History


News &amp.
Media 
Press Releases
Social Media
Media Contacts
Community Affairs
Blog


Sustainability 
Sustainability
Corporate Responsibility
Health, Safety and Environment
Kodak Cares


Doing Business with Us 
Brand Licensing
Real Estate
Purchasing
Site Contracting
Supplier Diversity
Transportation &amp.
Logistics


Contact Us 
Search Close
 Please don't fill out this field Search Search Kodak Privacy Notice 

Updated June 2021 Our Commitment to Privacy At Eastman Kodak Company, we are committed to protecting your privacy.
Our pledge is to safeguard any personal information that you provide us and to use your personal information appropriately. Information for European (EEA) Residents If you are located in the European Economic Area, please refer to our supplemental privacy notice for additional information required by the EU General Data Protection Regulation. Information for California (CA) Residents If you are a resident of California, please refer to our supplemental privacy notice for additional information required by the California Consumer Privacy Act. Information for Brazilian Residents If you are located in Brazil, please refer to our supplemental privacy notice for additional information required by Federal Law No.
13,709/2018 - General Data Protection Law of Brazil ("LGPD"). Information for Cloud Services Customers Please refer to our Privacy Statement for Cloud Services Customers. Scope of This Notice This Privacy Notice explains how Eastman Kodak Company (343 State Street, Rochester, NY 14650, USA) ("Kodak") uses and discloses personal information.
It also applies to those Kodak affiliates, websites, applications, and other digital offerings that link to it.
The goal of this Privacy Notice is to inform you of the choices you have about the way the information collected is used.


PLEASE NOTE:  This Privacy Notice does not apply to sites hosted by unaffiliated third parties, Kodak brand licensed partners, or unaffiliated online stores that offer Kodak-branded merchandise.
These companies have their own privacy policies, and questions about privacy should be directed to them.

Additionally:

Some Kodak international sites have their own country-specific privacy notices.
These will be presented to you if you use these sites.

On our co-branded sites (such as those sites where Kodak has presented content together with one of our retail partners), a privacy notice unique to that site may be presented.
Private sites (such as those only available to dealers and distributors) and sites created for our employees (or prospective employees) may also have privacy notices unique to those sites.

Please check the “privacy link” on the bottom of each website to read the privacy information associated with each site.
You can also contact the Kodak Privacy Office at privacy@kodak.com if you have any questions. Your Personal Information Kodak's goal in collecting personal information about you is, first, to give you a meaningful, enjoyable and personalized experience and, second, to facilitate the development of new products and services relevant to customers like you.
Personal information also allows us to provide better service to you by tailoring our communications to match your interests – deliver more of what you want and less of what you don't want.
At Kodak, we define “Personal Information” as any information we can use to identify, locate or contact you.
It also includes other information that may be associated with your Personal Information, such as demographic data.
Here are the types of information we gather:


Contact Information that allows us to communicate with you, such as your name, username, mailing address, telephone number, email address or other addresses that allow us to send you messages.

Relationship Information that helps us do business with you, such as product, shopping and payment preferences, services you use, and similar information that can help us understand you and offer you personalized content and offers.

Transaction Data about your interactions with Kodak, including your purchase history, product and service information, account information and information about how you use our websites and applications.
If you purchase products from us, we will also collect payment information as needed to process your payment.


Customer Export Order Screening Data.
Kodak employs technology and uses public watch list data obtained from Descartes Systems Group to screen all export orders in compliance with U.S.
Federal and International rules and regulations regarding export controls for denied and restricted parties.
 How We Collect Personal Information We collect Personal Information from you and from other sources.


Information You Explicitly Provide.
In order to establish your account, register products, or to participate in various online programs offered through Kodak, you will be asked to provide certain information to us such as your name, mailing address, e-mail address, and phone number.
You can choose not to provide this information but then you might not be able to participate in some of our services or offerings.

Information We Automatically Collect.
If you interact with us online, we use common internet technologies such as cookies and beacons to ensure the integrity of our site and to customize portions of the site for you.
Additional information about cookies and other data collection technologies is provided below.
For more information about cookies and how to disable them, please see our Cookie Notice.
We may also collect information from publicly-available sources, such as social media sites, when permitted by the site’s terms of service.
For example, if you communicate with Kodak using Facebook or Twitter, we may receive additional information about you from your profile.
We may also obtain information from third-party data suppliers who help us enhance our records.
 How We Use Your Information Kodak uses your Personal Information for the following purposes to:

Provide you with the requested products, content or services and for related activities, such as customer service, account management, support and training, reporting and to provide other services related to your account,
Provide you with marketing communications and offers for products and services from Kodak and our partners, including personalized offers based on your usage of our products and to manage your communications preferences,
Provide you with additional information that may be of interest, such as support bulletins and company announcements,
Administer surveys and other promotional events,
Determine if you are eligible for certain products, services or offers, such as rebates or products offered to certain professionals,
Understand how you use our products, content and services, including associating you with different devices you may use to access our content, for analytics and product development purposes as well as personalize offers we make to you, and
Manage our everyday business needs, such as payment processing and financial account management, contract management, website administration, business continuity and disaster recovery, security and fraud prevention, corporate governance, reporting and legal compliance.
 Why We Share Your Information Your personal information will not be rented or sold to any third party.
Kodak may share your Personal Information as follows: 


Companies who work on our behalf: We contract with other companies to perform business support functions on our behalf, which may involve access to your personal information.
We require these companies to use the information only to provide the contracted services.
they are prohibited from transferring the information to another party except as needed to provide those services.
Some examples of these business support functions include order fulfillment, customer survey execution, marketing emails, and information systems management.
We also may make aggregate information available to select service providers.


Kodak Online Store sellers: We provide a limited amount of personal information to those companies that sell their products to Kodak customers through the Kodak Store as needed for fulfillment, customer service and compliance purposes.
These companies are contractually prohibited from using your personal information for marketing without your explicit consent.
However, if you provide your personal information directly to a marketplace company, such as by registering your product with them or contacting them directly for support, they will collect and use your personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies.

Kodak's subsidiaries and joint ventures: A subsidiary or a joint venture is an organization in which Kodak owns at least a 50% interest.
Kodak may share your personal information with Kodak’s subsidiaries and joint ventures to allow you to receive marketing and product information.
If Kodak shares your information with a subsidiary or joint venture partner, Kodak will require that they not transfer your information to another party for marketing purposes or use your information contrary to your expressed choices.
If you have indicated that you do not want to receive any marketing information from Kodak, we will not share your information with our subsidiary or joint venture partner for their marketing purposes.

Co-branded and Partner Pages: Kodak may share information with partner companies who jointly present special offers or promotions on co-branded pages within our site.
You will be notified of this sharing when you are asked to furnish personal data on such a page.
The partner's use of any information you submit will be governed by the partner's own privacy notice, which you can review before submitting your information.

Business Transfers: Kodak reserves the right to transfer your Personal Information where permitted by law, such as when needed to affect the sale or transfer of business assets, to enforce our rights, including our Terms of Use or Service, to protect our property, or to protect the rights, property or safety of others, or as needed to support external auditing, compliance and corporate governance functions.
If the business is sold or transferred, Kodak will give you an opportunity to tell us not to transfer your personal information.
In some cases, this may mean the new organization will not be able to continue providing you the services or products that Kodak provided.

As Required by Law: We also disclose Personal Information when required to do so by law, such as in response to a subpoena, including to law enforcement agencies and courts in the U.S.
and other countries where we operate, or court order.
 Cookies and Other Data Collection Technologies When you visit our website, use our mobile applications, or engage with our online ads or email communications, we may collect certain information by automated means, using technologies such as cookies, pixel tags, browser analysis tools, server logs and web beacons.

In many cases, the information we collect using these tools is only used in a non-identifiable way, without any reference to Personal Information.
For example, we use information we collect about all website users to optimize our websites and to understand website traffic patterns.
In some cases, we do associate the information we collect using cookies and other technology with your Personal Information.
This Privacy Notice describes how we use that information when we associate it with your Personal Information.



Cookies:
This website makes use of first-party and third-party cookies (for profiling purposes) to give you the best, most optimized user experience, to improve our website and to show you advertising according to your preferences.
You can change your cookie settings at any time, but parts of this website will not function correctly without them.
By continuing to browse this website without changing your settings, we will consider that you consent to the use of cookies and other trackers as set out in our Cookie Notice.
For more information about cookies and how to disable them, please see our Cookie Notice.


Flash Cookies:
We may use Flash cookies (also known as Local Stored Objects) and similar technologies to personalize and enhance your online experience.
A Flash cookie is a small data file placed on a computer using Adobe Flash technology.
The Adobe Flash Player is an application that allows rapid development of dynamic content, such as video clips and animation.


We use Flash cookies to personalize and enhance your online experience and to deliver content for Flash players.
We may also use Flash cookies for security purposes, to gather certain website metrics and to help remember settings and preferences.
Flash cookies are managed through a different interface than the one provided by your web browser.
To manage Flash cookies, please visit Adobe’s website at http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html.
If you disable Flash cookies or other similar technologies, please be aware that you may not have access to certain content and product features.



Pixel Tags and Web Beacons:
Pixel tags and web beacons are tiny graphic images and small blocks of code placed on website pages, ads, or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have performed a specific action.
For example, pixel tags and web beacons let us know if you have accessed a web page or opened an email.
These tools allow us to measure response to our communications and improve our web pages and promotions.



Server Logs and Other Technologies:
We collect many different types of information from server logs and other technologies.
For example, we collect information about the device you use to access our website, your operating system type, browser type, domain, and other system settings, as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone where your device is located.
Our server logs also record the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet.
An IP address is a unique identifier that devices require to identify and communicate with each other on the Internet.
In most cases, we analyze IP addresses in the aggregate for system administration purposes and to gather broad demographic information.
We may also collect information about the website you were visiting before you came to Kodak and the website you visit after you leave our site.
These tools help us improve the user experience and deliver our services.



Device Information:
We may use device-related information to authenticate users.
For example, we may use your IP address, browser information, or other data provided by your browser or device to identify the device being used to access a Kodak platform.
We may also use these device-related techniques for associating you with different devices that you may use to access our content, including for fraud-protection purposes and to better target advertising.
 Online Privacy Information 


Third Party Advertising:
We have relationships with third party advertising companies that place advertisements on and perform tracking and reporting functions for our website and other websites.
Although we do not share any Personal Information with these third-party advertising companies, they may place cookies on your computer when you visit our website or other websites so they can display targeted advertisements to you.
This Privacy Notice does not cover the collection methods or use of the information collected by these companies.
For more information about third party advertising, please read or see our Cookie Notice.


Browser Tracking Information:
Although our websites currently do not have a mechanism to recognize the web browser Do Not Track signals, we do offer our customers choices to manage their ad display preferences as described in our Cookie Notice.
To learn more about browser tracking signals and Do Not Track please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.org/.


Social Media Interactions and Interest-based Ads:
Our websites may enable you to interact with us and others via social media sites such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and Instagram.
We may collect information from publicly-available sources, such as social media sites, as permitted by the site’s terms of service.
Please read the social media platform’s privacy statement to understand your privacy and data sharing choices.

We may display interest-based ads to you when you are using platforms such as Facebook and Google.
These platforms allow us to personalize the ads we display to you.
We do not share any of your Personal Information with these platforms for ad-targeting, although we may convert your email address into a unique number that can be matched by the platform with its user to allow delivery of the advertising.
Additionally, although we do not provide any Personal Information to these platforms, they may gain insights about individuals who respond to the ads we serve.



Mobile Applications:
We offer mobile applications that in some cases allow you to access your account, interact with us online and receive other information via your smartphone.
Personal Information collected by Kodak via our mobile applications that link to this Privacy Notice are handled in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice.


When you use our website or download our mobile apps, you may choose to allow us to obtain your precise location.
We use this information to customize our response to your requests.
For example, if you are searching for a theater providing film projection services, we will display the ones in your area.
we may share your location with third party mapping services (e.g., Apple Maps, Google Maps) to accomplish this.
We may also offer automatic (or "push") notifications.
We will provide push notifications only to those customers who opt-in to receive such notifications from us.
You do not have to provide location information to us or enable push notifications to use any of our mobile apps.
If you have questions about location and notification privacy, please contact your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your settings. Your Choices Kodak offers you different choices about how we communicate with you and use your information.


You can limit the information you provide to Kodak.
Participation in promotions and programs is voluntary.

You can limit the communications Kodak sends to you.
To opt-out of marketing emails, simply click the link labeled “unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email we send you.
For additional information about declining e-mail from Kodak, visit www.kodak.com/go/unsubscribe.
Please note that even if you opt-out of marketing emails, we may still need to contact you with important transactional information about your account.
For example, even if you opt-out, we may still send you activity confirmations or fraud alerts.

To revoke permissions you may have given to send text messages, text STOP in response to any message.

In addition to these choices, we respect the rights you may have under any applicable privacy laws.
If you have any questions about your choices or if you need any assistance, please contact privacy@kodak.com. Protecting Your Information Kodak implements a variety of administrative, managerial and technical security measures to help protect your personal information in line with applicable laws and regulations.
Kodak has Internal Control Standards which relate specifically to the handling of personal information.
These include certain controls, such as encryption, to help safeguard the information we collect online.
For example, we use technology like encryption to protect sensitive Personal Information (such as your account number) during transmission.
We will retain your Personal Information for as long as the information is needed for the purposes listed above and for any additional period that may be required or permitted by law Social Security Number Protection Policy In the U.S., Kodak collects Social Security numbers in the ordinary course of its business.
Kodak has implemented reasonable technical, physical and administrative safeguards to help protect the Social Security numbers from unlawful use and unauthorized disclosure.
All associates and contractors are required to follow these established procedures, both online and offline.
Access to Social Security numbers is limited to those employees and contractors who have a need to access the information to perform tasks for Kodak.
Social Security numbers are only disclosed to those service providers, auditors, advisors, and/or successors-in-interest who are legally or contractually obligated to protect them or as required or permitted by law. International Transfers Kodak is based in the U.S.
and operates globally, with affiliates and service providers located around the world.
As a result, your Personal Information may be transferred to, stored at or processed in other countries, including the U.S., which may not have equivalent privacy or data protection laws.
However, regardless of where your Personal Information is transferred, we will protect it in accordance with this Privacy Notice and applicable law. Communities Some of our sites may enable you to participate in public services such as discussion boards, chats, and live events.
Please use discretion when posting personal data about yourself when using these services.
Be aware when you disclose personal data at these sites, such as your name, member name, e-mail address, etc., the information may be collected and used by others to send unsolicited e-mail.
The services are open to the public, and what you post there can be seen by anyone and is not protected. Outside Links Some Kodak websites contain links to and from other websites, such as social media sites like Facebook and Twitter.
Kodak is not responsible for the privacy practices of those websites.
Kodak encourages you to ascertain the privacy practices of those websites. Your Rights If you are a registered user, you can review and update your profile using your user name and password.
You can also contact your Customer Service Representative.
You may have a right under applicable law to access, correct, update, erase and block your personal information.
In some circumstances, you may have the right to object to processing of your personal information.
To exercise your rights, please contact privacy@kodak.com. Job Applicants If you have applied for employment with Kodak, the Personal Information submitted with your job application will be used only for recruitment and other customary human resources purposes including any required government reporting and recordkeeping obligations.
 California Privacy Rights California Civil Code Section 1798 allows California residents to ask companies with whom they have an established business relationship to provide certain information about the companies’ sharing of personal information with third parties for direct marketing purposes.
Kodak does not share any California consumer personal information with third parties for marketing purposes without consent.
California customers who wish to request further information about our compliance with this law or have questions or concerns about our privacy practices may contact the Kodak Privacy Office at the address given below. Children’s Data Kodak’s websites and applications are not directed to children under 16 and we do not knowingly collect any Personal Information directly from children under 16.
If you believe Kodak is processing information pertaining to a child inappropriately, please contact us using the information provided in the section below so we may investigate and restrict the data. How to Reach Us If you have questions or concerns about your privacy, please contact us by e-mail at privacy@kodak.com or by mail to:
Eastman Kodak CompanyPrivacy Office13th Floor, Bldg.
7343 State StreetRochester, NY 14650-0205
Kodak's Privacy Office will work with you to resolve any concerns you have. Changes to this Privacy Notice Kodak reserves the right to update this Privacy Notice from time to time.
In the event of a material change, we will post a prominent announcement on this page, and in the event of a material change that affects previously-collected personal information, we will notify customers whose personal information will be impacted by email.

Print
Digital Printing
Imprinting Systems
Offset Printing
Printing Plates
Workflow Software
Contact Sales
Partner Place Portal
Email Subscribe
Service &amp.
Support


Advanced Materials &amp.
Chemicals
Specialty Chemicals
Industrial X-Ray Film
Fabric Coating
Printed Circuit Board Film
Direct-to-Garment Inks
Solvent Recovery
Coating Services
ESTAR-PET Films
Flexible Printed Electronics
Aerial Imaging


Motion Picture
Camera Films
Post Production
Order Film
Shot On Film
Filmmaker Stories
Lab Directory
Commercial Dealers


Consumer
Accessories
Audio Visual
Cameras
Lifestyle
Office
Power Solutions
Printing &amp.
Scanning
Smart Home
Support


Company
Leadership
Sustainability
Careers
Eastman Business Park
Material Safety Data Sheets
Contact Us


Facebook Logo
Twitter Logo
Instagram Logo
Youtube Logo
LinkedIn Logo


Investors
Privacy
Site Terms
Company Information
Supply Chain Transparency
Set Cookie Preferences

 Copyright ©2022 Eastman Kodak Company.
All Rights Reserved.
 Globe Worldwide WelcomeBy clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookie PolicySet Cookie Preferences Accept All CookiesPrivacy Preference Center
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your PrivacyWhen you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies.
This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to.
The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience.
Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies.
Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings.
However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More informationStrictly Necessary CookiesAlways ActiveThese cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems.
They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.
You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.
These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site.
They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation.
They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.
If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners.
They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.
They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device.
If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.Back ButtonBack
 Filter ButtonConsent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelClear checkbox label labelApply CancelConfirm My Choices Allow All
      