
        Krunker.io - owned and licensed by Yendis AG Switzerland (copyright)
and operated by Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd.
Australia (copyright)
Version 24th of October 2020 Why "terms and conditions"? Because it is a legal requirement, that any user needs to know who is allowed to use this site and what conditions you agree to with information about copyright and your privacy.
If you have any questions or remarks - do not hesitate to contact us (see bottom of page).
== TERMS AND CONDITIONS == - If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use.
- If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, do not continue to use this site.
The use of this site is subject to the following terms of use: &gt.
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only.
It is subject to change without notice.
&gt.
You must be at least 13 years of age to use this site.
If you are not at least 13 years of age do not use this site.
&gt.
By playing this game and being on this site you confirm that you are at least 13 years of age and you have read and fully understood these terms &amp.
conditions.
&gt.
This website uses cookies (or similar components) to monitor browsing preferences.
If you do allow cookies to be used, personal information may be stored by third parties.
Krunker.io / Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd.
or Yendis AG do not store personal data in their database from players.
The registration of an account does not require a user to enter any personal data and we highly recommend not using names that reflect any personal information.
&gt.
By using this website, you understand that it features user created content such as Text, Images and Scripts.
We will not be held responsible for any such content created by a user, or any harm done to you or your belongings thereof.
&gt.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable.
&gt.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd.
a corporation registered in Australia and Yendis AG a corporation registered in Switzerland.
This material includes, but is not limited to, the name, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics and source code.
Reproduction for commercial purposes is prohibited.
&gt.
Using any part of the Source Code outside of the site is prohibited &gt.
Any user submitted content that is added into the game is the property of Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd.
or Yendis AG.
With the exception of sprays.
The original creator is not entitled to any ownership or revenue for adding any content unless a signed partner agreement with Yendis Pty Ltd or Yendis AG exists, which explicitly contains the share of revenue.
&gt.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites.
These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information.
They do not signify that we endorse the website(s).
We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
&gt.
We will not take any responsibility for any harm done to your computer, device or person from using this site.
&gt.
The use of this system is at your own risk.
The uploading or amending of content / code is done at the risk and discretion of the user and Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd.
is not responsible and will not pay any fees, compensation or royalties unless this is agreed by a contract in writing between the provider and Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd.
It is the full responsibility of the user to ensure that no copyright or privacy laws are infringed.
The system / code provided by Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd.
is covered by copyright laws and may not be downloaded, used or amended unless this is agreed in writing.
== ACCOUNT TERMINATION == - If you are found using exploits or cheats or are modifying the game in any way.
Your account may be disabled.
- Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd reserves the right to disable your krunker account at any time.
- A player that wishes the account to be terminated need to contact Yendis Entertainment with proof of - onwership.
== PRIVACY POLICY == - If you continue to browse and use this website you consent to our privacy policy.
== THIRD PARTIES == - Third parties may be placing and reading cookies on your browser, or using web beacons to collect information as a result of ad serving on this site.
For More information on Third Parties go here: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ == WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED == - Krunker.io / Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd.
/ Yendis AG do not collect personal data of the users.
When you register with krunker.io do not use a name, that contains personal information.
You cannot enter personal information like e-mail, address, phone-numbers etc.
on krunker.io.
- Exceptions: To open a partner account, we need a valid e-mail address which will only be used for transactions related to the partner account.
- IP addresses may also be stored for the purpose of recovering your account (Send removal request of Data to krunker@yendis.ch) - Certain analytics and advertising tools linked to our site may also collect information about: &gt.
Your General Location (Country, City) &gt.
The amount of time you spend on this site &gt.
The website that you came from &gt.
IP Address &gt.
Battery information &gt.
Connection information &gt.
Browser information == WHAT DO WE USE THE INFORMATION FOR? == - The information is used to protect your account and make it possible for you to recover it in case you lose the details.
Some information is also collected to personalize your experience.
- Information is also collected to analyze user data and enhance the user experience and improve ad performance.
According with privacy regulations, the players can accept or decline the use of cookies when using the website in accordance with TCF 2.0.
== DO WE SHARE ACCOUNT INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES? == - No.
All of the information you provide us will be kept private.
- No information is sold or provided to any third parties in any way.
== DO WE USE COOKIES? == - Yes.
Cookies (or future replacements) are used to save certain information: settings, account info.
== PURCHASES == - Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd / Yendis AG condition for in game purchases for krunker.io (webgame) Any purchase of in game features are limited to be used within the game they have been purchased for.
All purchases are final when the transaction is finalized and non-refundable.
Prices for purchases include value added tax, if applicable and are in US Dollars or the currency provided by the payment provider or bank.
The payment provider or bank can convert the prices in US Dollars to a local currency based on their exchange rates valid on the date of purchase.
The purchases for in game features are limited to a maximum US Dollars 100.00 per transaction.
Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd reserves the right withdraw sales against full refund of the paid amount in US Dollars.
The purchase of in game features gives the purchaser the right to use these features in the game at any time.
The purchase of features does not include the right to copy or distribute use any of the features or use them outside the named game in any way.
Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd allows game plays to be recorded (video) and streamed on online platforms.
Copyright for all game content and features applies.
- You must be at least 18 years of age or have the consent of a parent or guardian to make purchases.
- The use of credit cards, payment systems, bank accounts etc.
from third parties without their consent is illegal and Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd or Yendis AG reserve the right to report such activities to financial institutions or government agencies.
- A payment ID is stored when a purchase is made so that refunds can be accommodated via the payment-provider.
- No other personal data is stored in the Krunker.io database.
To use payment providers you need to familiarize with their terms &amp.
conditions.
== USER CREATED CONTENT == - User Created Content including but not limited to Maps and Mods must adhere to all terms of the site - All User Created Content must be suitable for the intended audiences of the site - Any Content that shows Nudity will be removed and the owner of the content may be banned - Any Content that Endorses Gambling will be removed and the Creator of the Content may be banned - Any Content that may be viewed as scamming or results in the involuntary loss of funds will be removed and the Creator of the Content may be banned == KRUNKER PARTNER AGREEMENT == - This section outlines the additional Terms &amp.
Conditions of becoming and remaining a Krunker Partner.
== PARTNER TERMS == - Any registered player can apply for a partner account.
This requires a valid e-mail address provided by the player.
Any player applying for a partner account has to be 18 years or older.
For verification purposes the transfer of a small amount via a defined payment provider may be required and will be refunded if revenue is generated.
- Krunker.io offers two partner types.
- Partner type 1 = revenue share for refered players (via individual URL).
The revenue share is calculated based on the cumulated played hours of the players refered by the partner.
A minimum threshold is required to be eligible for a payout which is 100 hours per month.
The amounts paid can change depending on the market situation.
- Partner type 2 = revenue share on sales (player purchases) and custom map game plays.
Revenue share on sales is calculated based on the net revenue generated for sales transactions (see Purchases) which are processed by using a partner code which links those to a partner.
The usual revenueshare percentage is 20%.
Revenue share on game plays is calculated on 1000 game plays (sessions) on a custom map in favour of the custom map creator, if he is registered as partner type 2.
You cannot use your own code when making purchases.
This will result in loss of revenue.
- Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd cannot guarantee revenue.
Payout of revenue share amounts is in USD once at the end of the month for the revenue of the previous month.
Amounts less than USD 5 can be accumulated and paid as soon as this threshold is reached.
Amounts less than USD 1.00 are not paid.
- Reporting is limited to date range, number of transactions, sessions, salesamounts, games played and the amounts in USD.
- Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd.
or Yendis AG can close accounts or stop this service without notice.
All funds accumulated and not paid at this time will be paid to the partner pro rata.
Partners are notified by email.
- It is the partners obligation to provide a valid e-mail address that can be used to payouts.
Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd.
is not responsible for any incorrect transfer resulting from incorrect Information.
- Email Addresses are stored for the purposes of Account Validation and Payouts.
They will not be shared with a Third Party - Partners must be over the age of 18 or have direct consent from their legal guardian to participate in the Partner Program - If an invalid Payout method is provided, payments will not be sent - Partners will only receive payment if a certain payment Threshold is exceeded.
This Threshold can be adjusted without notice - If a Partner is found to be falsifying Stats or Inflating their Plays, they will not receive a payout and will be removed - from the partner system and banned.
- Partner Status may be revoked without notice at any time.
== PARTNER RESPONSIBILITIES == - As a Partner you have a Responsibility to uphold the games reputation.
- If you are found to be frequently presenting the Game in a negative light, you will lose your partner status immediately.
- As a Partner, you are by extension a representative of the Game &amp.
Brand.
If you behave negatively toward our players and/or the developers, Partner status will be revoked immediately.
== PARTNER REFERRAL LINKS == - If a user is found to be boosting impressions and/or sign-ups, they will lose their partner status immediately and all earnings are forfeit - If a user is account locked or banned, all revenue generated by this user will not be counted toward the payout - Users that Sign-Up with a referral link that have previously registered on Krunker will not count toward your payout - Encouraging users to Re-Sign-Up using your Referral Link will result in loss of Partner Status.
== SUBSCRIPTIONS == - Players can purchase a subscription with Krunkies which will give the player access to extended functions and rewards in the game (specified in the game and subject to change without notice).
Subscriptions can be purchased as number of days the subscription is valid.
Multiple transactions add the days purchased to the already existing subscription end date.
Unused subscription days cannot be refunded.
Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd reserves the right to terminate any subscription if the system is not used according to these terms.
== ASSET CREATION &amp.
PUBLISHING == - By publishing any assets to the game.
You agree that the assets are not copyright material and that no claim can be made by your or on your behalf.
- Assets include but are not limited to: Textures, Maps, Mods, Models, Scripts, Images, Sounds and Files - Publishing of Copyright Materials or Assets is prohibited - Yendis Entertainment has the Right to Use or Remove any Assets you publish to the game - An asset that is published may be removed for any reason.
KR lost from the removal of an asset will not be refunded == KRUNKIES &amp.
CURRENCIES == - The resale of Krunkies or any Krunker related products is strictly prohibited.
Any accounts involved in the purchase, sale or transaction of Krunkies outside of the official website will be terminated.
== ACCOUNT RULES == - Offering Boosting as a Service or having your account boosted.
Will result in the termination of your account.
- Promoting any materials that are breaking the terms &amp.
conditions in any way will result in the termination of your account.
- Users who are found to be Account sharing may have their Accounts terminated == YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS == - By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy.
If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site.
When playing the game, you will be asked to accept or decline these terms and conditions.
== CHANGES TO THIS POLICY == - Any changes to this policy will be posted on this page and the user will be asked to check and confirm or decline these terms &amp.
conditions before playing the game.
- Last modification/version: see top of page == YENDIS ENTERTAINMENT LTD == Yendis Entertainment Pty Ltd ACN 621 971 051 Yendis AG CH CHE-364.191.430 info@yendis.ch CH +41 79 3203543 AUS +61 400 275 866 USA +1 323 300 5962

      