
         General Terms and Conditions of LanguageTool 
 Scope 

These General Terms and Conditions apply to the relationship between you, the user ("user") and LanguageTooler GmbH ("provider") for all types of use of our free and paid services on the languagetool.org website, such as spelling and grammar correction ("Services") provided via languagetoolp.org and languagetool.org.


The provider reserves the right to amend, supplement or adapt these terms (https://languagetool.org/legal/terms) at any time.


The provider offers the user services under the condition that the user agrees with these terms and conditions.
The user is not entitled to use the free services.



 Services 

The provider offers the user free and for-pay services on the website languagetool.org.


These free services are accessible free of charge, but the following terms of use must be observed.
Registration is not required to use the free services and content ("basic version").
For certain services, registration is required in order to obtain additional functionalities ("login version").
Additional services are available for payment ("premium version").


Costs can arise for the Internet use of the user, for example for the Internet provider.
These costs shall be paid for exclusively by the user.
not by the provider.


The provider reserves the right to make updates and new versions of the software continuously and without prior notice.
The provider is free in the design of the contents and at any time entitled to change, restrict, discontinue or extend the free services offered.



 Access to the services 

The provider does not guarantee the permanent and uninterrupted availability of the services.


Services are updated at regular intervals.
However, the user is not entitled to an update.
The provider reserves the right to restrict the operating hours for technical reasons or to suspend operation for a temporary period.
The provider reserves the right to make technical changes to the services of any kind, in particular if they become necessary due to mandatory statutory provisions.



 Use of the free services 

The use of the free services offered on languagetool.org is only permitted for private use.
Embedding of the services on other websites is not permitted.


All contents of the offered services, in particular pictures, texts and graphics are, unless otherwise stated, protected by copyright.



 Warranty and liability of the provider 

The provider does not guarantee the accuracy, speed, completeness, reliability and timeliness of the services provided.
In particular, the user accepts that the examination of texts for stylistic, spelling and grammatical errors is incomplete.
The user also accepts that there may be false alarms, i.
e.
that the services may identify text passages as incorrect that are actually correct.



 User behaviour 

The use of the services of the provider must not be in contradiction with these terms and conditions.
Furthermore, the user may not misuse the free services and must respect applicable laws as well as the rights of third parties.


Violations of these terms and the obligations of the user may, among other things, lead to the user's liability for damages.


The user shall indemnify the provider from all claims of third parties asserting these against the provider due to the violation of their rights by actions of the user.
Furthermore, the user is obliged to compensate the provider for all damages and reasonable expenses incurred by the provider in connection with an infringement of rights by the user, in particular also due to claims by third parties.
This also includes the costs of an appropriate legal defence of the provider.


Publicly offering any version of the service (e.g.
reselling) is not allowed.
The provider may offer an exception from this limitation in written form.


The use of the services to create a competing product in the area of style, grammar and spell checking is not permitted.



 Data protection 

The provider is aware that a careful handling of personal data of the users is very important.
The provider strives to ensure careful treatment of personal data at all times.


The provider's privacy policy can be found at https://languagetool.org/legal/privacy



 General Information 

Should individual provisions of the General Terms and Conditions be invalid or unenforceable or should they become invalid or unenforceable, the validity of the General Terms and Conditions shall remain unaffected.
The invalid or unenforceable provision shall be replaced by a valid and enforceable provision which complies with the terms and conditions in their entirety as well as the general terms and conditions of business.


The law of the Federal Republic of Germany applies exclusively, excluding the provisions of the UN Convention, for all legal relations between the provider and the user, the place of jurisdiction is Potsdam, Germany.




