
         Privacy policy Last modified: September 19th, 2022

 General information and legal basis The following statement informs you about what kind of personal data is collected for what purpose on this website by us as the responsible party and to what extent this data is made available to third parties.

 Controller LanguageTooler GmbH
 Karl-Liebknecht-Str.
21/22 14482 Potsdam (Germany) Data Protection Officer Technologiewerft GmbH c/o Kanzlei Sieling
 Carola Sieling Gurlittstraße 24 20099 Hamburg Tel.: +49 (0)40 - 41923921 E-Mail: info@technologiewerft.de 
 Legal bases of the processing The processing of personal data requires a legal basis, which we would like to present to you below.
For processing of personal data for which we obtain the consent of the data subject, Article 6(1)(a) of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) serves as the legal basis.
When processing personal data that is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is a party, Article 6(1)(b) GDPR serves as the legal basis.
This also includes processing operations that are necessary for the performance of pre-contractual measures.
Insofar as the processing of personal data is necessary for the fulfillment of a legal obligation to which our company is subject, Article 6 (1) lit.
c GDPR serves as the legal basis.
If the processing is necessary to protect a legitimate interest of our company or a third party and the interests, fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject do not override the former interest, Article 6 (1) lit.
f GDPR serves as the legal basis for the processing.
The legitimate interest of our company lies in the performance of our business activities as well as in the analysis, optimization and maintenance of the security of our online offer.



 Log files, hosting In the server statistics, data is automatically stored that the browser transmits to us as part of our legitimate interest in analysis and for security reasons (so-called "log files").
In detail, these are the following data:

Language and version of the browser software
Operating system used and its interface
Referrer URL (the previously visited page)
Host name of the accessing computer (IP address)
Date and time of the server request
Time zone difference from Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)	
Content of the request (concrete page)
Data volume transferred
Access status/ HTTP status code.

As a rule, we cannot assign this data to specific persons.
A combination of this data with other data sources is not made.
The data is also deleted within 14 days after a statistical evaluation.
Data whose further retention is required for evidentiary purposes is exempt from deletion until the respective incident has been finally clarified.
We make use of hosting services.
These serve to provide infrastructure and platform services, computing capacity, storage space and database services, security services and technical maintenance services to maintain the operation of this online offer.
In doing so, we or our hosting provider process inventory data, contact data, content data, contract data, usage data, meta data and communication data of customers, interested parties and visitors of this online offer on the basis of our legitimate interests in an efficient and secure provision of this online offer.

 Contractual processing, use of our software 
 General The personal data provided by you for contractual purposes in the case of e.g.
requests for quotations, such as name, address or e-mail address, will only be used internally to answer your inquiries, process your orders or provide you with access to certain contractual information.

 Software LanguageTool 
 Special privacy policy for the LanguageTool homepage and our add-ons Your texts sent for review via our add-ons are not saved, with the following exceptions:

If you use our online editor at https://languagetool.org/editor or our desktop apps, see section b.)
If you use our "Rephrasing" feature, see section c.)
If you explicitly ignore correction suggestions, we anonymously store the internal ID of this error rule and the text fragment underlined as incorrect and 15 characters to the right and left of it.
This allows us to detect false alarms from our system and avoid them in the future.
If you accept correction suggestions, we anonymously store the internal ID of this error rule (e.g.
EN_A_VS_AN for the rule that finds a/an confusions).
In the very rare case of an internal software error (so-called "exception"), we anonymously store the record that triggered the error so that we can find the cause and correct the error.
These records are stored anonymously for up to 14 days.
To improve the speed of our software, we store checked records and the errors found in them for up to 15 minutes on our servers in the main memory (not on a permanent storage medium).
The storage is done without IP address or other information that would allow the records to be assigned to a person.

To improve the quality and availability of our system, we also store the following information:

Date and time, length of the text, language of the text (but not the checked text itself), duration of processing, number and type of errors detected (e.g.
"capitalization at the beginning of a sentence", "confusion of 'this is an Example' and 'This is an Example'"),
The page from which the request was sent (e.g.
languagetool.org),
Add-on version.
date of installation.
random ID of the text field whose text is checked.
Password fields are ignored by the add-on and are not transmitted to our servers.
Only in the case of a browser add-on uninstallation, the following is transmitted: the number of times the add-on was used and the URL of the page where the add-on was last used.
This allows us to determine which pages do not work correctly with our add-on.
Only if you have an account on languagetool.org and if you are logged into the add-on with that account: The add-on contacts our servers periodically (about once a day) to let us know that you are an active user.
This includes your browser (e.g.
Firefox) and your email address (which we already know because you already have an account on our system).
This allows us to track user activity and improve our software.


 Special data protection information for the LanguageTool editor For our editor at languagetool.org/editor/ and our desktop applications for Windows and Mac, the following applies in addition to the other notices in this privacy statement:
When you use our editor, the texts you edit there are saved so you can access them in the future.
To protect you from accidentally deleting your documents, documents are first moved to the Recycle Bin when they are deleted.
They are not permanently removed from our system until they are also deleted from the Recycle Bin.
The storage takes place on servers in Germany at Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, Niederlassung Deutschland, Marcel-Breuer-Str.
12, 80807 Munich, Germany.
The legal basis is your consent (Art.
6 para.
1 a) GDPR).
The data will be deleted as soon as you delete your user account.
A user account is required to use the editor so that your texts can be assigned to you.

 Special privacy notices for the "Rephrasing" feature For some languages, our synonym function offers the possibility to generate wording suggestions for your sentence.
Some of these suggestions come from our service provider OpenAI (OpenAI L.L.C., 3180 18th Street, San Francisco, CA 94110, USA).
In order to generate the suggestions, we must send the particular set to OpenAI for processing.
OpenAI reserves the right to store this data.
For details, please see the Terms of Use at: https://openai.com/api/policies/terms/ and the Privacy Policy at: https://openai.com/api/policies/privacy/ of OpenAI.
The legal basis is your consent.
EU standard contractual clauses have been agreed with OpenAI, which ensure the transfer of data under appropriate safeguards in accordance with Art.
46 GDPR.
We also anonymously store the set for which you create variations and your selection of our variation.
The legal basis is your consent.





 Contact, application data 
 Contact When you contact us, e.g.
by e-mail, your details will be stored by us in order to answer your questions.
As a matter of principle, data will not be passed on to third parties unless applicable data protection regulations justify a transfer or we are legally obliged to do so.
You can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future.
In the event of revocation, your data will be deleted immediately, unless there is a legal exception for further processing.
Your data will otherwise be deleted when we have processed your request or the purpose of storage has ceased to apply and there are no other legal exceptions to the contrary.

 Application data You can also apply to us, e.g.
via our contact form.
The data entered will be processed and used exclusively for the purpose of applicant selection.
With your application, you agree to be contacted and informed in writing and / or by telephone as part of the application process.
Please note that your data will not be stored anonymously, but will be accessible to our human resources department and to the departments relevant to the position to be filled.
We wish to evaluate all applicants only on the basis of their qualifications, regardless of race, ethnic origin, gender, religion or belief, disability, age or sexual identity.
We therefore ask that you refrain from including such information in your application if at all possible.
You can have your application changed or deleted at any time and revoke your consent.
Contact our team for this purpose.

 Cookies This site uses cookies.
Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and through which the entity that sets the cookie receives certain information.
They are used to make the Internet offer more user-friendly and effective or/and to facilitate your navigation on our website.
We set cookies that are not strictly necessary only with your consent.
You can revoke this consent at any time for future use.

Consent is voluntary and you can also use our website without accepting cookies.
You can also configure your browser settings according to your wishes and, for example, refuse to accept third party cookies or all cookies or delete cookies that have already been stored.
If you do not accept cookies, please note that in this case our offer may not work properly.
If we do not provide any other information on the individual topics mentioned in this data protection declaration or in the cookie banner, the lifetime of the cookies refers to 24 months.
You can find out which function on our website uses cookies below under the individual functions.



 Newsletter If you would like to receive the newsletter offered on our website, we need a valid e-mail address from you that allows us to verify that you are the owner of the specified e-mail address or that the owner agrees to receive the newsletter.
After providing the e-mail address, we will send you a confirmation e-mail to the address provided, in which we ask you to confirm that you wish to receive the newsletter.
If you do not confirm this within 24 hours, your data relating to the newsletter dispatch will be automatically deleted.
If you confirm your wish to receive the newsletter, we will store your e-mail address until you unsubscribe from the newsletter.
We send newsletters only with your consent or legal permission.

The dispatch of the newsletter takes place by means of the following service providers:

Mailjet SAS, 13 - 13 bis Rue de l'Aubrac, 75012 Paris
SendGrid, Inc, 1801 California Street, Suite 500, Denver, CO 80202, USA.
The transfer of data takes place within the framework of an order processing contract and the standard contractual clauses contained therein.
Details can be found at https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/360051805394-Measures-Twilio-Takes-to-Safeguard-the-Privacy-of-Customer-Personal-Data (SendGrid is a subsidiary of Twilio).

You can revoke your consent to the storage of the data, the e-mail address and their use for sending the newsletter at any time.
You will find a link to cancel the newsletter at the end of each newsletter.
If users have only subscribed to the newsletter and cancelled this subscription, their personal data will be deleted.

 Registration Our website offers a registration option.
The personal data entered during registration will be transmitted to the controller.
The data is stored exclusively for internal use by us.
During registration, the IP address of the user and the date and time of registration are stored.
This serves to prevent misuse of the services.
The data will not be passed on to third parties.
An exception exists if there is a legal obligation to pass on the data.
The registration of data is necessary for the provision of content or services.
Registered persons have the possibility to have the stored data deleted or modified at any time.
The data subject will receive information about the personal data stored about him at any time.
When you sign in to the Services using data stored with a third party (e.g., Facebook, Google, or Apple), you allow us to collect your authentication data, such as usernames, as encrypted credentials.
We may also collect other data associated with your account with a third party service provider.
This includes, but is not limited to, your name, profile picture, country, city, email address, date of birth, gender, the names and profile pictures of your friends and networks, provided you have given your consent here with login.

 Our social media presences You can find us under online presences within social networks and platforms.
With these presences, we would like to communicate with our customers, interested parties and users active there and inform them about our services and our company in this way.
The processing of the personal data of the users active there is based on our legitimate interests in communicating and providing information to and with the users.
If users have given their consent to data processing within the framework of the respective social platform, the processing is carried out on the basis of this consent.
If you visit one of our social media sites, we are jointly responsible with the operator of the social platform for the data processing operations triggered during this visit.
In principle, you can assert your rights (information, correction, deletion, restriction of processing, data portability and complaint, see the following point "Rights of the data subject") both against us and against the operator of the respective social platform.
We would like to point out that despite the joint responsibility, we do not have full influence on the data processing operations of the social platform and, if necessary, forward the rights request to the respective operator for better processing of the data subject rights.
Our options are basically based on the corporate policy of the respective provider.
You can find our storage details below.
We have no influence on the storage period of your data, which is stored by the operator of the social platform for its own purposes.
For details, please contact the operators of the social networks directly (e.g.
in their privacy policy, see below).
Depending on the following named social platform, the data processing of users may also occur outside the area of the European Union.
EU standard contractual clauses have been agreed with the US companies, so that we have taken possible measures to ensure compliance with European data protection law.

As a rule, user data is processed by the platforms for market research and advertising purposes.
For example, usage profiles can be created from the usage behavior and resulting interests of the users.
The usage profiles can in turn be used, for example, to place advertisements within and outside the platforms that presumably correspond to the interests of the users.
For this purpose, cookies are usually stored on the users' computers, in which the usage behavior and the interests of the users are stored.
Data can also be stored in the usage profiles regardless of the devices used by the users.
This occurs in particular if the users are members of the respective platforms and are logged in to them.
For a detailed presentation of the respective processing and the objection options, we refer to the information of the providers linked below.


Facebook (pages, groups) (Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland) 
The basis is an agreement on joint processing of personal data
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendum

Privacy policy
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/

Opt-Out
https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads and http://www.youronlinechoices.com




Google/ YouTube (Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland) 
Privacy policy
https://policies.google.com/privacy

Opt-Out
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated




Instagram (Instagram Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA, 94025, USA).

Privacy Policy / Opt-Out
http://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/




Twitter (Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA) 
Privacy policy
https://twitter.com/de/privacy

Opt-Out
https://twitter.com/personalization




LinkedIn (LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland) 
Privacy policy
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy

Opt-Out
https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out




tiktok (TikTok Technology Limited, 10 Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin, D02 T380, Ireland) 
Privacy policy
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy-eea





 Disclosure of data to third parties: General and contractual purpose We pass on data to third parties if this is necessary for the fulfillment of the contract and / or we are legally obligated and / or authorized to do so in individual cases.

 Payment service provider: PayPal If you choose to pay with the online payment service provider PayPal during your order process, your contact details will be transmitted to PayPal through the triggered order.
PayPal is an offer of PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l.
&amp.
Cie.
S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg.
PayPal assumes the function of an online payment service provider as well as a trustee and offers buyer protection services.
The personal data transmitted to PayPal is data that is required for order processing, as well as data related to the order, such as number of items, item number, invoice amount.
This transmission is necessary to process your order with the payment method you have selected, in particular to confirm your identity, to administer your payment and the customer relationship.
Depending on the payment method selected via PayPal, e.g.
invoice or direct debit, the personal data transmitted to PayPal will be transmitted by PayPal to credit agencies.
This transmission serves to check your identity and creditworthiness in relation to the order you have placed.
You can find out which credit agencies are involved and which data is generally collected, processed, stored and passed on by PayPal in the PayPal data protection declaration at https://www.paypal.com/de/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full.

 Payment service: Recurly We use Recurly (Recurly, Inc., 400 Alabama St, Suite 202, San Francisco, California 94110, USA) to manage subscriptions.
Recurly is a platform for managing subscriptions and creating invoices.
For this purpose, Recurly - if you use our premium offer - processes, among other things, your name, address and the payment information provided.
EU standard contractual clauses have been agreed with Recurly, ensuring transfer of data under appropriate safeguards in accordance with Art.
46 GDPR.
More information on data protection at Recurly can be found at https://recurly.com/legal/privacy/.

 Payment service: Stripe We use Stripe, a service of the American company Stripe Inc., 185 Berry Street, Suite 550, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA (hereinafter "Stripe") to process payments via our website.
EU standard contractual clauses have been agreed with Stripe Inc.
so that possible measures have been taken to ensure compliance with European data protection law.
In particular, Stripe has published the following information on the nature, scope and purpose of data processing in its privacy policy: https://stripe.com/de/privacy#translation
Through Stripe it is possible to offer various payment methods, such as credit card payments or direct debit.
In this context, Stripe offers software interfaces to integrate these payment methods with us.
The crediting of a payment transaction then takes place for us via a so-called Stripe account.
If you make a payment via our platform, data of the data subject is automatically transmitted to Stripe.
By selecting this payment option, the data subject consents to the transmission of personal data required for payment processing.
The personal data transmitted to Stripe are usually first name, last name, address, email address, IP address, telephone number, cell phone number or other data as well as financial transaction data, such as credit card number or account data, which are necessary for payment processing.
Also necessary for the processing of the contract are such personal data that are related to the respective service.
The purpose of the data transfer is payment processing and fraud prevention.
The personal data exchanged between Stripe and us may be transmitted by Stripe to credit reporting agencies.
This transmission is for the purpose of checking identity and creditworthiness within the scope of our legitimate interest.
Stripe may disclose the personal data to affiliated companies and service providers or subcontractors to the extent necessary to fulfill its contractual obligations or to process the data on its behalf.



 Disclosure of data to third parties: tools for the economic operation of the website In part, we use external service providers within the scope of your consent or our legitimate interests with regard to analysis, optimization and economic operation of the online offer.
If you have given your consent for tools that are not necessary for the operation of the website, you can also have these settings changed again at any time.
We list our service providers below.
If your data is to be used for other purposes, we will inform you in advance and only use the data if you have previously given your further consent.

 Service provider Google Within the scope of your consent, we use services for the optimization and economic operation of our online offer for which Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland ("Google") is responsible.
EU standard contractual clauses have been agreed with Google, so that we have taken possible measures to ensure compliance with European data protection law.

 Google Analytics This website uses Google Analytics as a web analytics service.
Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
We would like to point out that this website uses Google Analytics with the extension "_anonymizeIp()" and therefore IP addresses are shortened by Google in member states within the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area before transmission in order to exclude a direct reference to persons.
Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there.
On behalf of the provider, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf.
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
For the purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Google, as well as your rights in this regard and setting options for protecting your privacy, please refer to Google's privacy policy at http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/ and specifically for Google Analytics at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ and at https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245.
and for Universal Analytics at https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2838718
The data collection and storage by Google can be objected to for the respective end device at any time with effect for the future in connection with the use under this link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout

Attention: If you delete your cookies, this will result in the deactivation cookie also being deleted and you will have to place it again.

 Google AdWords and Conversion Tracking This website uses "Google Adwords" and within the framework of Google Adwords the conversion tracking.
When you click on an ad placed by Google, so-called "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer, are set.
The cookies lose their validity after 30 days and are not used for personal identification.
This allows Google and us to recognize that the user clicked on the ad and was redirected to this page.
The conversion cookies are used to create conversion statistics for AdWords customers.
These customers receive the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a page tagged with a conversion tracking tag.
Personal identification is not possible for these customers either.
You can object to this use by deactivating the Google conversion tracking cookie in your internet browser.
You will then not be included in the conversion tracking statistics.
For more information about Google's privacy policy, please visit the following website: http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy.

 YouTube We use the provider YouTube, a service of Google, to embed videos.
These videos are stored on www.youtube.com and can be played directly from our site.
YouTube uses cookies for data collection and statistical data analysis.
YouTube uses cookies to, among other things, collect reliable video statistics, prevent fraud, and improve the user experience.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by YouTube on servers in the United States.
Your IP address cannot be assigned unless you have logged in to YouTube or another Google service before accessing the page or are permanently logged in.
If you do not wish this, you must log out of your YouTube account and your other Google accounts.
Through the YouTube cookies, we receive statistical values on the retrieval of individual videos embedded in the website without a reference to the respective user.
The embedded videos from YouTube are used within the permitted use by YouTube, which all users must accept.
If you see copyrights violated, please report this directly to YouTube.
We use embedded YouTube videos in extended privacy mode.
This means that YouTube does not store cookies for a user who views a website with an embedded YouTube video player, but does not click on the video to start playback.
If the YouTube video player is clicked, YouTube may store cookies on the user's computer.
We would like to point out that we, as the provider of the pages, have no knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its use by YouTube.
For more information on YouTube's official data protection policy, please visit https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/ and https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/171780.

 Google Web Fonts Google web fonts are used to improve the visual presentation of various information on this website.
The web fonts are transferred to the browser's cache when the page is called up so that they can be used for the display.
If the browser does not support Google web fonts or prevents access, the text is displayed in a standard font.
When the page is called up, no cookies are set on the website visitor.
Data transmitted in connection with the page call is sent to resource-specific domains such as fonts.googleapis.com or fonts.gstatic.com.
This transmits which of our Internet pages you have visited.
The IP address of the browser of the end device of the visitor to these Internet pages is also stored by Google.
They are not associated with data that may be collected or used in connection with the parallel use of authenticated Google services such as Gmail.
You can set your browser so that the fonts are not loaded from Google servers.
Information on the privacy terms of Google Web Fonts is available at: https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq#Privacy General information on data protection is available in the Google Privacy Center at: http://www.google.com/intl/de-DE/privacy/

 Sign in with Google account If you are a member of Google Ireland Limited ("Google"), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, you can log in to our website by clicking on the button "Log in with your Google account" (or similar).
To log in, you will be redirected to Google, where you can log in with your Google usage data.
When you log in in this way, we receive the following data from Google from your Google profile: user name, last name, first name, profile picture.
We use this data exclusively for the purpose of registration / login as a customer.
For the purpose of the processing of the data by Google and your rights in this regard, please refer to the data protection information of Google: https://policies.google.com/privacy.
We have no influence on the processing by Google.
If you do not agree with such data transfer between Google and us, we ask you not to register with us with your Google access.
Conversely, data may also be transferred from our website to Google.
The legal basis for the transfer of or to Google is your consent (Art.
6 para.
1 a GDPR).
A provision of this data is voluntary.
A registration with Google is not required for a contract with us.

 Google Tag Manager We use the Google Tag Manager.
This allows us to manage website tags via an interface and thus, for example, integrate Google marketing services into our online offering.
The Tag Manager itself does not process any personal data of the users.
For the respective Google services, please refer to the respective notices and usage guidelines at https://www.google.com/intl/de/tagmanager/use-policy.html.



 Facebook Within the scope of your consent, we use services of the social network facebook.com, which is operated by Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland ("Facebook"), for the analysis, optimization and economic operation of our online offer.
EU standard contractual clauses have been agreed with Facebook, so that possible measures have been taken to ensure compliance with European data protection law.

 Facebook Social Plugins Our website uses social plug-ins ("plug-ins") from Facebook.
The plug-ins are marked with a Facebook logo (white "f" on a blue tile, the terms "Like", "Like" or a "thumbs up" sign) or the addition "Facebook Social Plug- In".
When you call up a web page of our website that contains such a plug-in, your browser establishes a direct connection with the Facebook servers.

The content of the plug-in is transmitted by Facebook directly to your browser, which then integrates it into the website.
This transmits personal information, such as your IP address, URL, date and time, as well as other browser-related information to Facebook and stores it in the U.S., whereby according to Facebook in Germany only an anonymized IP is collected.
If you are logged in to Facebook, Facebook can assign the visit to your Facebook account.
If you interact with the plug-ins, for example by clicking the "Like" button or posting a comment, the corresponding information is transmitted directly from your browser to Facebook, stored there and, depending on your Facebook settings, shared with your Facebook contacts.
If you do not wish this to happen, please log out of your Facebook account (before pressing the opt-in button).
Facebook stores your data as usage profiles and uses them for the purposes of advertising, market research and/or needs-based design of its website and other websites.
In doing so, Facebook uses cookies and similar technologies to display advertisements to you on Facebook services as well as outside of them, regardless of whether you have an account with Facebook and are logged in.
Facebook already sets cookies for this purpose when you have visited the page www.facebook.com and forwards your data to third parties.
We would like to point out that we, as the provider of the pages, have no knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its use by Facebook.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, which will refuse all cookies from third parties.
however, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
For the purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Facebook, as well as your rights in this regard and setting options for protecting your privacy, please refer to Facebook's privacy policy at https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/, and specifically for Facebook social plug-ins at https://de-de.facebook.com/help/443483272359009/.
You can additionally change your privacy settings on Facebook in your account settings.

 Instagram Our website uses the social plug-in for the social network Instagram, which is operated by Facebook (hereinafter "Instagram").
You can recognize the link by the "Instagram icon" on our website.
When you call up a web page of our website that contains such a button, your browser establishes a direct connection with the servers of Instagram.
The content of the button is transmitted directly to your browser by Instagram and integrated into the website by it.
We therefore have no influence on the scope of the data that Instagram collects with the button.
By embedding the "Instagram" button, Instagram receives, among other things, the information that you have called up the corresponding page of our website under your IP address.
This information is stored and used in the USA and also passed on to third parties.
In doing so, Instagram uses cookies and similar technologies, including to serve ads.
Instagram may combine this information with information from other subsidiaries and thus create user profiles under certain circumstances.
If you click on the "Instagram icon" while you are logged into your Instagram account, you can link the content of our pages on your Instagram profile.
This allows Instagram to associate the visit to our pages with your user account and save it.
If you want to prevent this, you must log out of your Instagram account before clicking on the button.
We would like to point out that we, as the provider of the pages, have no knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its use by Instagram.
You can find more information about Instagram's privacy policy at https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388/.

 Facebook Connect The use of Facebook Connect is subject to Facebook's privacy policy and terms of use.
When using Facebook Connect, Facebook profile data and data that is public on Facebook will be transferred from your Facebook profile to our website.
Conversely, data may also be transferred from our website to your Facebook profile.
Your transferred data will be stored and processed by us for the purpose of registration on our website.
By registering on our website via Facebook Connect, you consent to the transfer of profile data from your Facebook profile to us, as well as the transfer of data for use from us to Facebook.

 Facebook Custom Audiences and Website Custom Audiences Our website uses the advertising tools Custom Audiences and Website Custom Audiences from Facebook.
Here, a non-reversible and non-personal checksum (hash value) is generated from your usage data, which is transmitted to Facebook for analysis and marketing purposes on its social platform and stored in the USA.
The Facebook pixel is directly integrated by Facebook when you call up our websites and can save a so-called cookie, i.e.
a small file, on your device.
If you subsequently log in to Facebook or visit Facebook while logged in, your visit to our online offering will be noted in your profile.
The data collected about you is anonymous for us, so it does not offer us any conclusions about the identity of the user.
However, the data is stored and processed by Facebook, so that a connection to the respective user profile is possible and can be used by Facebook and for its own market research and advertising purposes.
If we should transmit data to Facebook for matching purposes, this data is encrypted locally in on the browser and only then sent to Facebook via a secure https connection.
This is done solely for the purpose of creating a comparison with the data encrypted in the same way by Facebook.
Furthermore, when using the Facebook Pixel, we use the additional function "extended matching" (in this case, data such as telephone numbers, email addresses or Facebook IDs of the users) to create target groups ("Custom Audiences" or "Look Alike Audiences") are transmitted to Facebook (encrypted).
Further information on "advanced matching": https://www.facebook.com/business/help/611774685654668.
For more information on the purpose and scope of data collection and the further processing and use of data by Facebook, as well as your rights in this regard and settings options for protecting your privacy, please refer to Facebook's privacy policy at https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/, and specifically for Facebook Custom Audiences at https://www.facebook.com/ads/website_custom_audiences/.
If you wish to object to the use of Facebook Website Custom Audiences, you can also do so at https://www.facebook.com/ads/website_custom_audiences/.
To do this, you must log into your Facebook account.
You can revoke your consent and prevent the collection of your data using the Facebook pixel on our website by following the following link, for example: https://www.facebook.com/ads/website_custom_audiences/.
When you click the link, an "opt-out" cookie will be stored on your device.
If you delete the cookies in this browser, then you must click the link again.
Furthermore, the opt-out is only valid within the browser you are using and only within our web domain where the link was clicked.



 Login with Apple access If you are a member of Apple Inc ("Apple"), Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014, you can sign in to our website by clicking the "Sign in with your Apple account" button (or similar).
To sign in, you will be redirected to Apple, where you can sign in using your Apple Usage Data.
When you log in in this way, we receive the following data from your Apple profile: user name, surname, first name, profile picture.
We use this data exclusively for the purpose of registration / login as a customer.
For the purpose of the processing of the data by Apple and your rights in this regard, please refer to Apple's privacy policy: https://www.apple.com/privacy/.
We have no influence on the processing by Apple.
If you do not agree with such data transfer between Apple and us, we ask you not to register with us with your Apple access.
Conversely, data may also be transferred from our website to Apple.
The legal basis for the transfer of or to Apple is your consent (Art.
6 para.
1 a GDPR).
A provision of this data is voluntary.
A registration with Apple is not required for a contract with us.

 Twitter Functions of the Twitter service are integrated on our pages.
These functions are offered by Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA ("Twitter").
EU standard contractual clauses have been agreed with Twitter, so that possible measures have been taken to ensure compliance with European data protection law.
When you visit a web page of our website that contains such a plug-in, your browser establishes a direct connection with the servers of Twitter.
The content of the plug-in is transmitted by Twitter directly to your browser and integrated by it into the website.
Through this, Twitter receives, according to its own information, information such as your IP address, URL, date and time and other browser-related log data.
Twitter uses cookies and similar technologies to show you advertisements and suggestions on Twitter services, regardless of whether you have an account with Twitter and are logged in.
The information generated by the cookie (including your IP address) is stored on a server in the USA.
Twitter stores tailored content only along with browser cookies or device IDs and separates this from other data, such as information about pages visited.
After a maximum of 10 days, Twitter begins deleting, de-identifying, or collecting this data.
By using Twitter and the "Re-Tweet" function, the websites you visit are linked to your Twitter account and made known to other users.
In the process, data is also transferred to Twitter.
If you do not wish this to happen, please log out of your Twitter account (before pressing the opt-in button).
We would like to point out that we, as the provider of the pages, have no knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its use by Twitter.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
For more information, please visit https://support.twitter.com/articles/20171372-twitter-unterstutzt-die-option-do-not-track-nicht-verfolgen#.
For more information on how Twitter uses your data, please see Twitter's privacy policy at https://twitter.com/privacy and at https://support.twitter.com/articles/20171570-info-zu-mageschneiderten-vorschlagen#.
You can change your privacy settings on Twitter in your account settings at http://twitter.com/account/settings.

 Linkedin Plug-ins of the social network LinkedIn of LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("LinkedIn"), are integrated on our pages.
EU standard contractual clauses have been agreed with LinkedIn, so that possible measures have been taken to ensure compliance with European data protection law.
You can recognize the "LinkedIn" plug-ins by the LinkedIn logo or the "Recommend" button on our site.
When you visit our pages, a direct connection between your browser and the LinkedIn server is established via the plug-in.
LinkedIn thereby receives the information that you have visited our site with your IP address.
LinkedIn stores this information in the USA.
For LinkedIn members, LinkedIn places cookies when you visit our site unless you opt out of this feature in your LinkedIn settings.
If you visit our site and are logged in as a LinkedIn member, LinkedIn will use this information to recommend content that is specifically relevant to you.
Using this information, the features LinkedIn makes available to you are personalized on third-party websites.
If you click the LinkedIn "Recommend Button" while logged into your LinkedIn account, you can link the content of our pages on your LinkedIn profile.
This allows LinkedIn to associate the visit to our pages with your user account.
If you do not want this, you must log out of your LinkedIn account.
We would like to point out that we, as the provider of the pages, have no knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its use by LinkedIn.
Details on data collection (purpose, scope, further processing, use) as well as your rights and setting options can be found in LinkedIn's privacy notices.
LinkedIn provides this information at http://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy.
Further information on the cookies used by LinkedIn can be found at https://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policy.

 reddit This website uses plugins of the social network reddit (reddit Inc., 520 Third Street, Suite 305, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA).
EU standard contractual clauses have been agreed with reddit, so that possible measures have been taken to ensure compliance with European data protection law.
The plugins of this web offer are reached via the share option at the end of blog posts.
The reddit button of this offer is recognizable by a black reddit icon on a light background.
If you click the "reddit button" while logged into your reddit account, you can link the content of this website on your reddit profile.
This allows reddit to associate the visit to our pages with your user account.
We would like to point out that we, as the provider of the pages, have no knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its use by reddit.
For more information, please refer to the privacy policy of reddit at http://www.reddit.com/help/privacypolicy.

 WhatsApp We offer sharing via WhatsApp on our website.
The provider is WhatsApp Inc, 650 Castro Street, Suite 120-219, Mountain View, California, 94041, USA.
By simply calling up the page, no data is transferred to WhatsApp.
When clicking the button, the website is forwarded to WhatsApp as a referrer, but this is the case when clicking any link.

 Matomo with cookie tracking This website uses Matomo, an open source software for statistical analysis of visitor traffic.
The analysis tool Matomo uses so-called "cookies", which are text files that are stored on your computer and allow an analysis of your use of our website.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is stored on our server in Germany.
This site uses Matomo with the extension "AnonymizeIP".
This means that IP addresses are processed in a shortened form, which means that a direct link to a person can be ruled out.
You can revoke your consent to the use of cookies at any time or also prevent the installation of cookies by making the appropriate setting in your browser software or by removing the following check mark and thus activating the "opt-out" plug-in.
however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this website to their full extent.
You can also obtain information from the third-party provider on data protection at https://matomo.org/privacy-policy/.
If you no longer agree to the storage and analysis of the usage information generated, you can also object to this below.
Here you have the option to deactivate the data collection by Matomo:
 https://languagetool.org/legal/cookie-settings Possibility to object to the web analysis by Matomo 

 FullStory We use "FullStory", a web analytics service provided by Fullstory Inc, 1745 Peachtree Rd NW Suite G, Atlanta, GA 30309, USA (hereinafter "FullStory"), on a few pages.
Among other things, FullStory uses cookies to enable an analysis of your use of our website.
The information collected in this way is transmitted to FullStory on a server in the USA and stored there.
The following information is collected through the tracking code:

Device-dependent data collected by your terminal device and web browser:

IP address of your terminal device (collected and stored in an anonymized format)
E-mail address including your first and last name, insofar as you have provided it to us via our website
Screen size of your terminal
Device type and browser information
Geographical data (country only)
Language for displaying our website
User interactions
Mouse commands (movement, position and clicks)
Keystrokes (not for sensitive fields like your texts to be checked or credit card information)

Log data used automatically by our server when using FullStory:

Referring domain
Visited websites
Geographical data (country only)
Language used to display our website
Date and time of access

FullStory uses this information to evaluate your use of our website, to compile reports on usage and to provide other services in connection with the evaluation of our website.
FullStory also uses third-party services (e.g.
Google) to provide these services.
These third parties may store or otherwise process information that your browser transmits when you visit our Website (including, under certain circumstances, your IP address).
We use FullStory for the purpose of analyzing the use of our website and to be able to continuously improve individual functions and offers as well as the user experience.
Through the statistical evaluation of user behavior, we can improve our offer and make it more interesting for you as a user.
The processing of the data is based on your consent.
For more information, please see FullStory's Privacy Policy at https://www.fullstory.com/legal/privacy-policy/.
You can object to FullStory storing a user profile and information about your visit to our website and to FullStory setting tracking cookies on other websites by clicking on this link: https://www.fullstory.com/optout/

 Cloudflare This website uses the services of Cloudflare Inc, 101 Townsend St, 94107 San Francisco ("Cloudflare").
EU standard contractual clauses have been agreed with Cloudflare, so that possible measures have been taken to ensure compliance with European data protection law.
We use these services to ensure the full and improved functionality of our website.
Cloudflare collects information from our website users when they use our website.
This information may include IP addresses, system configuration information, and other information about traffic to and from our website (collectively, "Log Data").
Cloudflare collects and uses Log Data to fulfill its contractual obligation in providing its services to us and to maintain and improve them.
For example, Log Data may help detect new threats, identify malicious third parties, and provide more robust security protection to our website.
Please also read Cloudflare's privacy policy which is available here https://www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy/.

 Sentry We want to provide the best possible service.
However, we cannot exclude the possibility of errors.
To determine whether errors occur in the provision of our service, we use the services of the service provider Functional Software Inc.
(Sentry), 132 Hawthorne Street, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA.
EU standard contractual clauses have been agreed with Sentry, so that possible measures have been taken to ensure compliance with European data protection law.
Sentry allows us to identify and target errors.
For further details, please refer to Sentry's Privacy Policy, available at: https://sentry.io/terms/.



 Data storage outside the EU/EEA As can be seen from the individual tool descriptions above, we use tools from US third-party providers.
Insofar as this is necessary for the notified purposes, it may happen that your IP address is processed in this course outside the European Economic Area, where a level of data protection corresponding to the European standard is not consistently ensured and confirmed (for example, by appropriate guarantee within the meaning of Art.
46 DS-GVO or an adequacy decision of the European Commission).
Therefore, it cannot be ruled out in particular that security authorities in a third country may gain access to your IP address without you being able to take legally effective action against them.
The transfer of the IP address to these third-party providers takes place in accordance with Art.
49 (1) lit.
a GDPR on the basis of your consent expressly given for this purpose in the consent banner.
This consent is voluntary.
You can revoke it at any time with effect for the future.
You will not suffer any disadvantages as a result.
In the opinion of some US third-party providers, a level of protection corresponding to the European standard is already guaranteed due to the conclusion of so-called standard contractual clauses as well as additional measures taken in the sense of the Schrems II case law.
However, since the suitability of such measures to ensure a sufficient level of data protection is disputed, we have decided to transfer your IP address only with your consent.

 Rights of the data subject You have a right to information about the personal data stored by us about you.
According to the legal provisions, you also have the right to correct incorrect data, blocking, data portability and deletion of your personal data.
To do this, send us an e-mail with the subject "Data protection".
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority if you believe that processing of personal data relating to you is in breach of the law.
If you have given your consent, you have the right to revoke your consent at any time.
This does not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until the revocation.
You may object to the future processing of your personal data in accordance with the legal requirements at any time.
The objection can be made in particular against the processing for purposes of direct advertising.

 Storage period of the personal data If we have not provided storage information on the specific points, the following applies: We store personal data for the duration of the respective statutory retention period or as long as the purpose of the collection exists.
After expiry of the retention period, the data is routinely deleted, unless it is necessary for the initiation or performance of a contract.
If user data is not deleted because it is required for other and legally permissible purposes, its processing will be restricted as far as possible.
Accordingly, the data will be blocked if possible and not processed for other purposes.
This applies, for example, to user data that must be retained for reasons of commercial or tax law.

 Safety information We make every effort to process your personal data by taking all technical and organizational possibilities to comply with the provisions of data protection laws and thus to protect this data.
Our website or the communication via our website with us is encrypted via HTTPS.


This privacy policy was provided by Technologiewerft GmbH.

