





Create account


Sign In


Continue as 

Platform





Scheduling


Instagram Analytics


Linkin.bio


User-Generated Content


Instagram Stories


Instagram Hashtags


Pinterest Scheduling


TikTok Scheduling



Pricing


Blog


Careers





Platform




Scheduling


Instagram Analytics


Linkin.bio


User-Generated Content


Instagram Stories


Instagram Hashtags


Pinterest Scheduling


TikTok Scheduling 



Pricing




Plans


For Business




Blog

 More




Training


Help Docs


About Us


Careers




Sign In


Create account





 Terms of Service
Last updated: November 4th, 2015
These Terms of Service ("Terms", "Terms of Service") govern your relationship with http://www.later.com website, http://www.latergram.me website, http://www.lat.gr website, http://www.linkin.bio website, https://app.later.com, http://www.submit.media email and the Later mobile application (the "Service") operated by Victory Square Media Inc.
("us", "we", or "our").
Please read these Terms of Service carefully before using our website and Later mobile application (the "Service").
Your access to and use of the Service is based on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms.
These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms and accept all legal consequences.
If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, in whole or in part, please do not use the Service.

Subscriptions

Some parts of the Service are billed on a subscription basis ("Subscription(s)").
You will be billed in advance on a recurring and periodic basis ("Billing Cycle").
Billing cycles are set either on a monthly or annual basis, depending on the type of subscription plan you select when purchasing a Subscription.
At the end of each Billing Cycle, your Subscription will automatically renew under the exact same conditions unless you cancel it or Victory Square Media Inc.
cancels it.
You may cancel your Subscription renewal either through your online account management page or by contacting Victory Square Media Inc.
customer support team.
A valid payment method, including credit card, is required to process the payment for your Subscription.
You shall provide Victory Square Media Inc.
with accurate and complete billing information including full name, address, state, zip code, telephone number, and a valid payment method information.
By submitting such payment information, you automatically authorize Victory Square Media Inc.
to charge all Subscription fees incurred through your account to any such payment instruments.
Should automatic billing fail to occur for any reason, Victory Square Media Inc.
will issue an electronic invoice indicating that you must proceed manually, within a certain deadline date, with the full payment corresponding to the billing period as indicated on the invoice.

Free Trial

Victory Square Media Inc.
may, at its sole discretion, offer a Subscription with a free trial for a limited period of time ("Free Trial").
You may be required to enter your billing information in order to sign up for the Free Trial.
If you do enter your billing information when signing up for the Free Trial, you will not be charged by Victory Square Media Inc.
until the Free Trial has expired.
On the last day of the Free Trial period, unless you cancelled your Subscription, you will be automatically charged the applicable Subscription fees for the type of Subscription you have selected.
At any time and without notice, Victory Square Media Inc.
reserves the right to (i) modify the terms and conditions of the Free Trial offer, or (ii) cancel such Free Trial offer.

Fee Changes

Victory Square Media Inc., in its sole discretion and at any time, may modify the Subscription fees for the Subscriptions.
Any Subscription fee change will become effective at the end of the then-current Billing Cycle.
Victory Square Media Inc.
will provide you with a reasonable prior notice of any change in Subscription fees to give you an opportunity to terminate your Subscription before such change becomes effective.
Your continued use of the Service after the Subscription fee change comes into effect constitutes your agreement to pay the modified Subscription fee amount.

Refunds

Certain refund requests for Subscriptions may be considered by Victory Square Media Inc.
on a case-by-case basis and granted in sole discretion of Victory Square Media Inc..

Content

Our Service allows you to post, link, store, share and otherwise make available certain information, text, graphics, videos, or other material ("Content").
You are responsible for the Content that you post to the Service, including its legality, reliability, and appropriateness.
By posting, uploading or otherwise submit Content to the Service, you grant us the right and license to use, modify, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, and distribute such Content on and through the Service.
You retain any and all of your rights to any Content you submit, post, upload or display on or through the Service and you are responsible for protecting those rights.
You represent and warrant that: (i) the Content is yours (you own it) or you have the right to use it and grant us the rights and license as provided in these Terms, and (ii) the posting, uploading or submitting of your Content on or through the Service does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights or any other rights of any person.
We reserve all rights to block or remove communications or materials that we determine to be: (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene.
(b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading.
(c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or, other intellectual property right of another or.
(d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to us in our sole discretion.
You acknowledge that, by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the Service, we are merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the Service.

Accounts

When you create an account with us, you must provide us information that is accurate, complete, and current at all times.
Failure to do so constitutes a breach of the Terms, which may result in immediate termination of your account on our Service.
You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the Service and for any activities or actions under your password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service.
You agree not to disclose your password to any third party.
You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
You may not use as a username the name of another person or entity or that is not lawfully available for use, a name or trademark that is subject to any rights of another person or entity other than you without appropriate authorization, or a name that is otherwise offensive, vulgar or obscene.

Intellectual Property

The Service and all contents, including but not limited to text, images, graphics or code are the property of Victory Square Media Inc.
and are protected by copyright, trademarks, database and other intellectual property rights.
You may display and copy, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the Service only for your own non-commercial use.
Any other use is strictly prohibited and may violate copyright, trademark and other laws.
These Terms do not grant you a license to use any trademark of Victory Square Media Inc.
or its affiliates.
You further agree not to use, change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the Service.

Links To Other Web Sites

The Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Victory Square Media Inc..
Victory Square Media Inc.
has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services.
You further acknowledge and agree that Victory Square Media Inc.
shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such websites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.

Termination

We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including, without limitation, if you breach the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Upon termination, your right to use the Service will immediately cease.
If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using the Service.

Indemnification

You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Victory Square Media Inc., its principals, officers, directors, representatives, employees, contractors, licensors, licensees, suppliers and agents, from and against any claims, losses, damages, losses, obligations, costs, actions or demands.
These include but are not limited to: (a) legal and accounting fees resulting from your use of the Service.
(b) your breach of any of these Terms.
(c) anything you post on or upload to or otherwise submit to the Service.
and (d) any activity related to your account.
This includes any negligent or illegal conduct by you, any person or entity accessing the Service using your account whether such access is obtained via fraudulent or illegal means.

Limitation Of Liability

Victory Square Media Inc., its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, shall not be liable for any loss or damage, direct or indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, economic loss, loss or damage to electronic media or data, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of the Service.
(ii) your inability to access or use the Service.
(iii) any conduct or content of any third-party on or related to the Service.
(iiv) any content obtained from or through the Service.
and (v) the unauthorized access to, use of or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other claim in law, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.

Disclaimer And Non-Waiver of Rights

Victory Square Media Inc.
makes no guarantees, representations or warranties of any kind as regards the website and associated technology.
Any purportedly applicable warranties, terms and conditions are excluded, to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk.
The Service is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis.
The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance, except as provided for under the laws of any province in Canada.
In such cases, the provincial law shall apply to the extent necessary.
Victory Square Media Inc.
its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location.
b) any errors or defects will be corrected.
c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components.
or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.
If you breach any of these Terms and Victory Square Media Inc.
chooses not to immediately act, or chooses not to act at all, Victory Square Media Inc.
will still be entitled to all rights and remedies at any later date, or in any other situation, where you breach these Terms.
Victory Square Media Inc.
does not waive any of its rights.
Victory Square Media Inc.
shall not be responsible for any purported breach of these Terms caused by circumstances beyond its control.
A person who is not a party to these Terms shall have no rights of enforcement.
You may not assign, sub-license or otherwise transfer any of your rights under these Terms.

Exclusions

As set out, above, some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the limitations above may not apply to you.
Provincial laws of Canada may apply to certain products and service provided.

Governing Law

These Terms shall be governed by, and interpreted and enforced in accordance with, the laws in the Province of British Columbia and the laws of Canada, as applicable.
If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then any remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect.
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements, oral or otherwise, regarding the Service.

Changes

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time.
If a revision is material we will make reasonable efforts to provide at least 30 days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect.
What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms.
If you do not agree to the new terms, in whole or in part, please stop using the website and the Service.

Contact Us

If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us at hello@later.com. LATER
Signup
Pricing
Blog
Support
Careers
Partners
About
Non-Profit
Ambassador T&C's
COVID-19 Safety Plan FEATURES
Linkin.bio
Scheduling
Instagram Analytics
User Generated Content
Instagram Stories Scheduling
Instagram hashtags
Pinterest Scheduling
TikTok Scheduling TRAINING
Instagram Training
Instagram Stories for Business
First 1000 Followers
30 Day Challenge
Instagram Aesthetic GUIDES
Ultimate Guide to Social Selling
Instagram Marketing
Instagram Hashtags
Pinterest Marketing

WORKSHOPS
Instagram Followers
Instagram Engagement PARTNERSHIPS NEWSLETTER

Join 1 million+ others
and subscribe to our weekly newsletter for the best Instagram tips &amp.
tricks!

Subscribe Privacy Policy
Terms of Use 
We use cookies on our site to provide you with a great user experience.
By continuing to browse, you accept our use of cookies.
To learn more, please see our Privacy Policy.



