

Esports Center
Team Finder
Careers
ToolsTeam Flashing NoobMonthly BansDiscord Bot
Academy
Blog
Founders Wall
Log In


1.
Use of your Leetify account
2.
Payment and billing
3.
Refund policy
4.
Cancellation and termination of service
5.
Use of customer's name and company name
6.
Changes to terms of service
7.
Disclaimer
8.
Limitation of liability
9.
Indemnification
10.
Other
11.
Dispute
Leetify Terms &amp.
conditionsEffective date: 3 June 2019Welcome to LeetifyTHESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS ARE THE CONTRACT BETWEEN YOU AND Leetify AB.
PLEASE READ THEM CAREFULLY BEFORE SIGNING UP FOR OR USING THE SERVICES PROVIDED BY Leetify AB.
By using the service provided on the leetify.com website’s (“Service”), a service of Leetify AB ("Leetify"), you are agreeing to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Service”).TL;DRWe are not a large evil corporation.
We are gamers, just like you.
We won't bug you or bother you unless it is really necessary.
Nowhere in this Terms of Service do you sell your soul to us.
The Terms of Service, while long, is necessary to protect our Company and customers(you) and make it clear what can be expected.1.
Use of your Leetify accountYou must use a valid email address for your Leetify account.
You must not use the Service for any illegal or abusive purposes.
Only one free account per person or legal entity is allowed.
You are solely responsible for the security of your account and keeping your password safe.2.
Payment and billingYou must provide Leetify with accurate billing information and keep this information up to date.
This applies to all paid services.
By subscribing to the Service you give Leetify the right to charge your credit card, or bill you via other payment methods, for fees connected with the Service such as renewal fees or fees for extra services.

The Leetify Service is a subscription service.
You pay in advance for each billing cycle on the first day of that cycle.
Your Leetify services will be renewed automatically until you cancel the Service.
You are responsible for all charges incurred related to your Leetify service, including any applicable taxes or extra service fees.3.
Refund policyIf you wish to ask for a refund or have an invoice cancelled, you need to send an email to info@leetify.com within 2 days (two days) of the invoice date.
The email needs to contain your Leetify user id (the email you use to log in to Leetify's Service) and the date of the payment in question.4.
Cancellation and termination of serviceYou may at any time cancel your Leetify service inside the Leetify control panel provided that any past invoices have been paid.
Leetify does not accept cancellations via email or phone.
Any abuse of the Service will lead to termination of your account.
Leetify reserves the right to decide what is considered abuse of the Service.5.
Use of customer's name and company nameLeetify reserves the right to use your name and/or company name as a reference for marketing or promotional purposes on the leetify.com website and other communication with existing or potential Leetify customers.
To decline Leetify this right you need to email info@leetify.com stating that you do not wish to be used as a reference.6.
Changes to terms of serviceThese Terms of Service may be updated from time to time, and if updates are made you will be prompted to agree to the changes upon logging in to the control panel.
The current Terms of Service are always available at https://leetify.com/terms-of-service If the changes are not agreed to, your account is cancelled immediately.7.
DisclaimerThe Leetify Service is provided “as is” and “as available”.
Leetify reserves the right to modify the Service from time to time at any time, including adding and removing features and package types.
Leetify reserves the right to discontinue the Service at any time after a 30-day notice via email.
Leetify reserves the right to change the prices for the Service and any connected extra services at any time.8.
Limitation of liabilityYou expressly understand and agree that Leetify shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if Leetify has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from:
1.
the use or the inability to use the Leetify service;
2.
the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods, data, information or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through or from the Leetify service;
3.
unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data;
 4.
statements or conduct of any third party on the Leetify service.
or
5.
any other matter relating to the Leetify service.
In no event shall Leetify's total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract, tort (including, but not limited to, negligence), or otherwise) exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing this site.9.
IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Leetify and its officers, directors, employees, consultants and agents from any and all third party claims, liability, damages and/or costs (including, but not limited to, attorney fees) arising from your use of the Leetify service, your violation of the terms of use or your infringement, or infringement by any other user of your account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity.
You agree to immediately notify Leetify of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security known to you.10.
OtherIf any part of this Terms of Service would be determined by any competent authority to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable, the remainder of the Terms of Service shall continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.11.
DisputeThis contract shall be governed by the substantive law of Sweden.
Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with this contract, or the breach, termination or invalidity thereof, shall be solved by the District Court of Stockholm in Sweden.Contact us:









©2022 Leetify.
All rights reserved.
