

Esports Center
Team Finder
Careers
ToolsTeam Flashing NoobMonthly BansDiscord Bot
Academy
Blog
Founders Wall
Log In
Privacy PolicyLast modified: June 3, 2019 (view archived versions (0)) IntroductionWhen you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information.
We understand that this is a big responsibility and we work hard to protect your information and put you in control.Why Leetify collects Personally-Identifying InformationLeetify collects certain Personally-Identifying Information(PII), necessary to carry out our business.
Below we will tell you what PII we collect, why we need it and how we use it, as well as what other organisations might have access to your data.What kind of Personally-Identifying Information do we collect?We ask users signing up for an Email address, that we use to communicate important information regarding your account, and if you opt-in to it, marketing communication.
For example, we might communicate a planned downtime of our service or information regarding a purchase you made.
We also collect some non-personally identifying information such as browser type, language preferences and referring site.
This is simply to understand our visitors interaction with our site better and improve the quality of our service.
We may at times present aggregated reports of non-personally identifying information.Who has access to your Personally-Identifying Information?We take the protection of your PII very seriously, and only ever share your information if we have very good reason to do so.
Below is a list of partners and times when your PII is shared.
We share your e-mail address with Amazon Web Services (AWS) in order to send out e-mails to you.
AWS only saves your e-mail address for as long as is necessary to send out the e-mail for us.
We also share your email address with Mixpanel, who sends the majority of our email communcation with users around product updates, feedback surveys and similar things.
Google Analytics does have access to your IP address, but anonymize it and delete your actual IP address as soon as it reaches their system, per our request.CookiesA cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns.
Leetify uses cookies to help Leetify identify and track visitors, their usage of Leetify's website, and their website access preferences, which in turn help us improve the quality of our service.
If you'd rather not have cookies placed on your computer, we recommend you to set your browser to refuse cookies from Leetify's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Leetify's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.Privacy Policy ChangesAlthough changes are likely to be minor, our Privacy Policy may change from time to time.
We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent.
We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (for example email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.
We want to be as transparent as possible about the changes we make to our Privacy Policy.
In this archive, you can see the previous versions of the policy:
Current version Contact us:









©2022 Leetify.
All rights reserved.
