
Your use of this Internet web site (the “Site”) is subject to the following Terms of Use.
Please read them carefully, as they may have changed since your last visit.
Your use of this Site indicates your acceptance of these terms.
IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS, THEN DO NOT USE THIS SITE.
This site contains general information about the NAACP LDF (Legal Defense and Educational Fund, Inc.),&nbsp.
and topics selected for dissemination to the general public.
The content is offered on a blind basis, without any knowledge as to your industry, identity or specific circumstances.
You should not consider information on this site to be an invitation for any attorney-client relationship.
The content of this Site does not convey legal, accounting, tax, career or other professional advice of any kind.
You should not rely on the information as legal advice for any purpose as it may not reflect current legal developments.
No user of this site should act or refrain from acting on the basis of information included on this Site, and this Site should not be relied upon or used as a substitute for consultation with professional advisors.
LDF expressly disclaims all liability in respect to actions taken or not taken based on any contents of this site.
Your use of this Site does not create a lawyer-client relationship between you and LDF, nor will any information you submit to us via this Site or by electronic mail be considered a lawyer-client communication or otherwise be treated as confidential or privileged in the absence of a pre-existing express agreement by us to the contrary.
Any links to other internet sites are provided for your convenience only, and we do not necessarily endorse, nor are we responsible for, the content of any third party site.
LDF is a 501(c)(3) non-profit corporation, incorporated in New York State in 1940.
Since then, LDF has operated for a primary purpose of furnishing legal services to indigent persons and others in the area of civil rights and poverty law, under the authority of special orders of the Appellate Division of the New York Supreme Court, First Department, as provided in the New York Judiciary Law.
The approved activities of LDF are not restricted to the State of New York, and it functions for the approved purposes throughout the states of the United States and the District of Columbia.
The Content of this Site may be considered advertising for legal services under the laws and rules of professional conduct of the jurisdictions in which we practice.
This Site and all the information it contains, or may in the future contain, are the property of the NAACP LDF (Legal Defense &amp.
Educational Fund, Inc.)
