
        Skip to Main ContentThis website is AudioEye enabled and is being optimized for accessibility.
To open the AudioEye Toolbar, press shift + =.
The toolbar contains the following
The AudioEye Help Desk to report accessibility and usability related issues.
The AudioEye Certification Statement to explain the ongoing web accessibility and usability enhancements for this website.
The Player tool to listen to this site read aloud.
The Player is not intended as a substitute for your screen reader. Top of the page (intentionally goes nowhere)
Skip Navigation
Documents in Portable Document Format (.PDF) require Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0 or higher to view.
Download it now.
(opens in a new window) Opens in a new window.

 Wait: content loading Legend Bank.
Logo links to homepage.
Legend Bank Logo Homepage 
 Contact Us 
 Locations 
 Online Banking 
 Search (for desktop) 
Submit (desktop) search Toggle mobile menu open/closed Search (for mobile) 
Submit (mobile) search Accessible Main Menu  Personal 


 Deposits 
 Checking 
 Savings 
 CD &amp.
IRA 


 Lending 
 Mortgage Loans 
 Personal Loans 
 Apply for a Loan Opens in a new window.

 Make a Loan Payment 


 Wealth 
 Ameriprise Investments 
 CDARS 






 Online Services 
 Mobile Banking 
 Online Banking 
 Online Bill Pay 
 E-Statements 
 Card Control 
 Device Pay 
 Budget Tools 
 eNotary Service 


 Additional Services 
 Fraud Prevention 
 Debit Card Rewards 
 Premium Debit Cards 
 Invite a Friend 
 Text Banking 
 Order Checks (opens in a new window) Opens in a new window.

 VISA Account Updater 








 Business 


 Deposits 
 Checking 
 Savings 


 Lending 
 Business Loans 
 Commercial Real Estate 
 Ag Lending 


 Treasury Management 
 Payroll Services 
 Cash Management Services 
 CDARS 
 Insured Cash Sweep 






 Online Services 
 Online Banking 
 Mobile Banking 
 Business Registrations 
 eNotary Service 


 Additional Services 
 Fraud Prevention 
 Debit Card Rewards (opens in a new window) 
 Order Checks (opens in a new window) Opens in a new window.

 VISA Account Updater 






 Mortgage 
 Resources 
 Video Resource Center 
 eNotary Service 
 Fraud Prevention 
 Personal Banking Tools 
 Financial Calculators 
 Security Information 
 Lost or Stolen Card 
 Scholarship Application 


 About Us 
 Our Story 
 Contact Us 
 Locations 
 News 
 Board &amp.
Executives 
 Careers 


 Toggle Online Banking login modal area (defaults open - must be closed to continue tabbing down the rest of the page) 

Forgot Your Password?
 Login Online Banking &amp.
Mobile App Demo Enroll Now - Online Banking Enroll Now - Business Online Banking Terms and Conditions Terms of UseTHESE TERMS GOVERN THE USE OF THIS WEBSITE.
PLEASE READ THEM CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING THE SITE.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS DO NOT ACCESS THE WEBSITE.
BY ACCESSING THE WEBSITE OR ANY OF ITS PAGES YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF USE.
This website has been established by Legend Bank for the sole purpose of conveying information about Legend Bank's products and services and to allow communication between Legend Bank and its customers.
Information that appears on this website should be considered an advertisement.
Nothing contained in any page on this site takes the place of Legend Bank's agreements and disclosures that govern its products and services.
If any information on the site conflicts with that in Legend Bank's agreements and disclosures, the agreements and disclosures will control.
From time to time Legend Bank may place links to other websites on this page.
Legend Bank has no control over any other website and is not responsible for the content on any site other than this one.
Users assume all responsibility when they go to other sites via the links on this page.
The information and materials contained in this website are owned by Legend Bank or by others, as applicable.
No material may be copied, displayed, transmitted, distributed, framed, sold, stored for use, downloaded, or otherwise reproduced except as permitted by law.
Legend Bank makes no warranties of any kind regarding the products and services advertised on this site.
Legend Bank will use reasonable efforts to ensure that all information displayed is accurate, however, Legend Bank expressly disclaims any representation and warranty, express and implied, including, without limitation, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, suitability, and the ability to use the site without contracting a computer virus.
Legend Bank is not responsible for any loss, damage, expense, or penalty (either in tort, contract, or otherwise), including direct, indirect, consequential and incidental damages, that result from the access of or use of this site.
This limitation includes, but is not limited to the omission of information, the failure of equipment, the delay or inability to receive or transmit information, the delay or inability to print information, the transmission of any computer virus, or the transmission of any other malicious or disabling code or procedure.
This limitation applies even if Legend Bank has been informed of the possibility of such loss or damage.
This agreement may be changed from time to time by posting the new Terms of Use on the website.
All users agree to be subject to this agreement as it changes from time to time.
This agreement and the use of this website are governed by the laws of the state of Texas. Return to the top of the page 
 Company 
 Contact 
 Locations 
 Careers 


 Social 


Facebook (opens in a new window) Opens in a new window.



Twitter (opens in a new window) Opens in a new window.



YouTube (opens in a new window) Opens in a new window.



 Legal 
 Statement of Condition 
 Privacy Policy (opens in a new window) 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Accessibility 
 Opens in new window PDF Download Word Download Excel Download PowerPoint Download Document Download Explore your accessibility options.
transfer close carousel 
      