
About This Statement What this statement applies to: 
Your privacy is important to Lenovo. This privacy statement applies to data collected through software and services provided by Lenovo and its affiliated companies, including Motorola Mobility LLC (“Motorola”) (collectively “Lenovo”) available for use on Lenovo products, including personal computers (PCs), tablets, workstations, smartphones, smart office devices, virtual or augmented reality headsets, and Internet of Things (IoT) devices (collectively “Lenovo Products”).
This statement also applies to Lenovo software you may use on non-Lenovo products or devices.
This privacy statement describes the information practices for Lenovo products, including what types of information are collected, how Lenovo uses information and for what purposes.
with whom information is shared.
and how Lenovo protects information.
It also describes your choices regarding use, access, correction and deletion of your personal information, among other topics.
 What this statement does not apply to: Lenovo also collects personal information via Lenovo’s websites and other sources.
To learn more about our website privacy practices, please visit the Lenovo website privacy statement here.
In addition, this statement does not apply to products and services provided by the Lenovo Data Center Group (DCG).
products and services provided by Lenovo Software (also known as Stoneware, Inc.).
or to third party software and other services you install on or access through your Lenovo Product(s).
Furthermore, this statement does not apply to certain products licensed by Lenovo to other companies. Changes to this statement: If we make a change to this statement, we will make previous versions available so that you can see when changes occurred and what they are.
If we make any material changes to this statement, we will notify you by means of a notice on Lenovo’s website.
in an applicable Lenovo product or software experience.
or by an email (sent to the email address specified in your account) prior to the change becoming effective.
Where applicable data protection laws require us, we will also seek your consent to any material changes that affect how we use or transfer your personal information.
We encourage you to review this page periodically for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Please click here to review our previous privacy statements. Multi-User Capabilities: Please note that secondary users and guest users of Lenovo Products that support such multi-user capabilities may not have the same ability to control settings, permissions, and choices related to information collection, use and sharing that the primary user may have.
What information does Lenovo collect.
how is the information used.
and is any personal information shared with third parties?
Lenovo collects information about you and your Lenovo Product(s) and uses this information to keep your Lenovo Product(s) working their best and help you make the most of them.
Please note that, in certain circumstances, if you do not provide us with personal information where needed, we may not be able to provide you with the Lenovo Products, experiences or functionalities that you have requested.
The following describes how we collect, use and share information about you or your product in certain contexts.
To learn more about how specific applications may collect and use information, please see the sections of this statement entitled “Lenovo Applications” and “Motorola Applications”. Your User Profile: Your user profile may consist of information, including personal information, we may have gathered from you voluntarily while interacting with Lenovo, such as your use of certain areas of our websites.
your Lenovo ID, MyAccount, Passport or Motorola ID account.
your contact with our customer service representatives.
Lenovo Product(s) registration information.
and from certain Lenovo Products and services that you use.
Your user profile allows Lenovo to:

give certain Lenovo Products and services the information they need to function;
troubleshoot problems you may have with a Lenovo Product, service or website;
suggest ways to make your Lenovo Products, services and our websites work better.

provide you with news, updates, and information about your Lenovo Products and services.
and
if you choose to receive marketing communications, provide you with information about additional Lenovo Products or services that you may be interested in.


The following sections describe in further detail the types of information that may be contained within a user profile, how Lenovo uses that information, whether that information is shared with any third parties, and certain choices you may have regarding the information.

 Lenovo ID, Motorola ID and Lenovo Product Registration: When you choose to create a Lenovo ID, a Motorola ID, register your Lenovo Product, or create an account through My Account or Passport, we will collect information, including personal information, about you and your Lenovo Product(s).
We use your Lenovo ID or Motorola ID and related registration and account information to identify you including when you use certain of our software applications (such as Lenovo Vantage) and our interactive services (like our online stores and customer support sites).
If you choose to create a Lenovo ID or Motorola ID or to register your products, we will need to collect certain information from you such as your name, address, email address, language, region/country, product type/model, product serial number, date of product registration, and activation data about your operating system.
We will use this information in order to administer your account or profile.
provide services that you have requested.
and to provide you with communications, including marketing messages that you choose to receive from Lenovo.
The information collected and retained by Lenovo for these purposes may be shared with our service providers so that they may provide data hosting, processing and marketing services to and on behalf of Lenovo.
You may change your Lenovo ID password or deactivate your Lenovo ID account by visiting https://account.lenovo.com/us/en/ and navigating to “My Profile” or you can contact us at privacy@lenovo.com.
You can manage your Motorola ID account by visiting https://accounts.motorola.com/ssoauth/login or contact us at privacy@motorola.com. Product Functionality &amp.
Usage: Certain Lenovo Products, software and services automatically collect and store necessary performance information in order to operate.
This information includes product and device identifiers, technical data and other non-personal information.
Some of this information may be transmitted to Lenovo’s servers.
While you use your Lenovo Product(s), basic application installation information will also be collected automatically.
This includes such things as whether an application is installed or enabled on your Lenovo Product.
You may also choose to provide us with additional information about your use of Lenovo software and applications.
The information we may collect includes how often you use an application, which features you used within an application, and the application’s performance.
The usage information we collect for this purpose does not directly identify you or your Lenovo Product(s) unless you have chosen to enable enhanced device support or “Help Improve” functionality on your Lenovo Products and opted-in to receiving marketing communications from Lenovo.
We use this software usage information to analyze the performance of Lenovo applications.
to develop enhanced improvements for future versions.
and to send you service and support-related (e.g., non-marketing) communications.
This information may be shared with our service providers, such as data hosting, processing and software development partners who support Lenovo Products.
If you wish to deactivate this information collection, you may do so in the privacy settings within the specific product or application.
For more information on how to deactivate the collection of certain software usage information, you can (i) open the Lenovo Product’s settings application and turn off usage statistics collection (or a similarly worded option/toggle), (ii) uninstall a particular application in the device’s control panel or through the settings menu, or (iii) visit the Lenovo Support page (for PC products) on limiting usage information collection here. Keeping Your Software Up to Date: We automatically collect certain limited non-personally identifiable information about your Lenovo Product(s) to identify whether the software you are using is the most up to date version, to provide you with software updates (including security updates), to develop new products and software features, and to fix bugs so that your Lenovo Product(s) run smoother and more efficiently. Customer Service, Quality Monitoring &amp.
Repair: Certain Lenovo product and service support activities may also involve you contacting Lenovo or Lenovo contacting you, including by phone, email or chat.
Please note that, in these cases, we may record calls for staff training and quality assurance purposes.
To provide you with the service or support that you have requested, such as requesting technical support or repair under a warranty for your Lenovo product, Lenovo customer service personnel may also collect and access personal information about you, such as your user profile, account information, contact information, Lenovo product and service identifiers, and information about how you use your Lenovo product and service.
Some Lenovo customer service personnel work for service providers that supply such services to Lenovo and its customers and may have access to information about you in this context.
Lenovo uses data hosting, processing and communications service providers (such as online chat tools) to support these activities.
In addition, authorized Lenovo distributors, resellers or repair providers for Lenovo products may also have access to certain customer service, quality assurance and product information described herein to support your product or to provide a service that you have requested, such as repair services under a warranty for your Lenovo product. Enhanced Customer Support: You may choose to provide us with additional information about how you use your Lenovo Product so that we may provide more effective or enhanced customer support, including tailored troubleshooting or similar support services.
On Motorola devices, you can select the “Enhanced Device Support” option at set-up or in Settings for customized support or recommendations.
You can later turn off this setting if you prefer.
The types of information that we may collect from you or your Lenovo Product in this context can include your Lenovo Product’s serial, ID or IMEI number, product type/model, the phone number associated with a Lenovo or Motorola smartphone product, IP address, MAC address, and Lenovo Product usage information.
This usage information may include information about how you use your Lenovo Product and its components, such as instrumentation and system functionality.
Lenovo uses data hosting, processing, customer service and communications service providers to support Lenovo’s enhanced customer support activities. Helping to Improve Our Products: You may choose to provide us with additional information about how you use your Lenovo Product(s) and software to help improve Lenovo’s Products.
This option is normally found at set-up or in settings in your Lenovo Product or application.
The types of information we may collect for this purpose include your Lenovo Product’s serial number, ID or IMEI.
product model/type.
information about how you use your Lenovo Product and software.
and the Lenovo Product’s performance.
In the Lenovo PC context, unless you choose to be contacted by Lenovo, this information is kept in a non-personally identifiable format.
In the Lenovo and Motorola smartphone context, “Help Improve” data may be identifiable to a user or device.
We use this information to:

identify performance trends of Lenovo Products and software.

to develop new product features for future models.

to deliver an overall better user experience.
and
to send you non-marketing communications related to service and support for your Lenovo Product.

Lenovo uses data hosting and processing services providers to support Lenovo in these activities.
If you decide that you do not want to allow Lenovo to collect “Help Improve” information, you may turn off the option for this product data collection in the settings of your Lenovo Product or in a particular application (such as Lenovo Vantage), or uninstall the particular application. Lenovo &amp.
Motorola Applications – Additional Details 
The following sections describe how certain Lenovo and Motorola software applications handle your information. Please note that these descriptions may not include all Lenovo or Motorola applications available for or on your Lenovo Product.
In addition, not all Lenovo Products support all Lenovo or Motorola applications, and different Lenovo or Motorola applications may be available to you and may vary, depending on which Lenovo Product(s) you own and where you are located.
Some of the applications described below may be preloaded onto your Lenovo Product or made available for download via an online software or app store. Lenovo Applications: Lenovo Welcome: Lenovo Welcome is an in-device application that welcomes new users of Lenovo products, including PCs.
Within approximately 24 hours after setting up certain Lenovo Products, Lenovo Welcome initiates to help guide you through the Lenovo experience, including the features of your Lenovo product.
to introduce Lenovo Vantage and Lenovo Migration Assistant (both described below).
to make special offers from Lenovo and its partners available to users who choose to receive them.
and more.
Lenovo collects only basic (non-personally identifiable) device and application-related information and metrics via Lenovo Welcome for these purposes. Lenovo Vantage: Lenovo Vantage (replacing Lenovo Companion) is an app that keeps your device up and running and helps you to do more with your PC.
Features and functionality of Lenovo Vantage include: 

Personalize your Lenovo PC with custom settings.
Access to Lenovo Migration Assistant- an application that transfers files and settings from one PC to another one (described below).
Protect your PC and update important system software and drivers.
Evaluate system health and run diagnostics on your device.
Access your system’s user guide, and get support.
Discover other fun and useful applications.
View accessories compatible with your device.
Receive offers on Lenovo and other products and services.
Identify warranty status, options and upgrades.
Get helpful tips and stay up-to-date on the latest technology news with articles from Lenovo.
Lenovo Security Console provides an invisible layer of protection for your cloud applications.
See Lenovo Security Console for more information.
Security Advisor contains a suite of security tools recommended by Lenovo, and vetted by security professionals.
Receive news and weather forecasts (powered by third parties).

Lenovo Vantage will collect your PC’s device identifiers and event and usage data, such as system functionality, application use and support information.
In addition, if you set your PC to automatically update according to location or network accessibility, Lenovo Vantage will collect corresponding data, such as Wi-Fi and VPN information, to seamlessly update your system.
This information will be stored on your PC, and information about your use of Lenovo Vantage may be shared with Lenovo only if you opt-in to such data collection.
Lenovo does not share this information externally except for data hosting services and processors that Lenovo may use from time to time.
 Lenovo Connected Home Security: Lenovo Vantage also offers users an optional feature called Lenovo Connected Home Security.
This feature is powered and hosted by Coronet, an external company, and is a follow on to the Lenovo Wi-Fi Security function.
This feature uses a Lenovo ID account to validate a user’s authentication and authority.
Lenovo passes a token to Coronet’s web server.
and the validation will happen in the web server.
The Coronet web server will then send connected home security notifications to the users via the Lenovo ID account contact information.
For more information on Coronet’s privacy and security practices, please visit https://www.coro.net/. Lenovo Migration Assistant: Lenovo Migration Assistant (“LMA”) is a tool that helps move files and eases the setup of a new PC.
LMA is launched via Lenovo Vantage and uses your Wi-Fi connection to allow you to send your files from one PC to another.
You can log in to the LMA application on both PCs with your Lenovo ID account.
In order to provide this functionality, LMA will have access to your operating system version, .net framework version, brand of PC, brand of network adapter and Wi-Fi frequency.
Lenovo does not collect or retain any personally identifiable information or your files when they are transferred using LMA.
However, Lenovo does collect certain basic (non-personally identifiable) device and application-related data and metrics.
Lenovo may use data hosting processing services providers to support these activities.
LMA may also provide you with the opportunity to use Dropbox as a file storage service if you choose.
Please see Dropbox’s privacy statement and terms of use for more information on its privacy practices. Lenovo System Health Manager: Lenovo System Health Manager allows users the ability to monitor the health of their PCs, optimize performance, and take action to avoid problems.
In order to provide this functionality, the application will analyze certain basic (non-personally identifiable) device and application information, such as event, Windows build number, BIOS, embedded controller and device driver versions.
If the user chooses to allow it, Lenovo will also collect anonymous usage stats, including information on the system’s power consumption and probable cause of any power-related issues. Motorola Applications: Camera Motorola’s Camera application allows you to:

Tag your photos and videos with location data.
When you share tagged photos with others, you will also share the location information.
If you choose to geo-tag your photos and videos, this app will use the information to help organize your views.
Lenovo does not otherwise collect, retain or share this location information.
Launch the application without touching the screen by using contextual data derived from sensors to detect a launch gesture.
Take better pictures by using face detection and other analytics on what is in your viewfinder to deliver the best image, which may occur before or after you triggered the shutter.
You can compare the best image with the original picture you captured and select which images to keep.
Face detection information stays on your phone and is not uploaded to Motorola or shared externally.

To help us troubleshoot performance issues, Camera will store image quality information in your photos’ metadata. Device Help: Device Help (previously Moto Help) provides users with the following features:

Learn how to use your Motorola phone and fix issues
Moto Care – Check device warranty status, buy extended warranty and accident protection (US only)
Device diagnosis – Check operation of hardware components, including battery, touch screen, speakers, cameras, Wi-Fi, and sensors
Contact us – Options for contacting Support, including chat (some models only), email (some models only), Twitter, Messenger (India, US only), and to access user forums (English, Spanish, and Portuguese)
Service center – Search for the service centers near you (India only)

If Device Help is used, Motorola may collect product serial number, IMEI or other device ID.
IP address.
MAC address.
product usage information.
application performance information.
and, if Moto Care or Contact Us functionality is used, user name and contact information.
Motorola may use data hosting, processing and customer service providers to support Motorola’s customer service and Device Help activities. Digital TV: Where supported, Motorola Digital TV brings a broadcast TV experience to your mobile device, with the additional support of the Electronic Program Guide (EPG) and Ginga for user interactivity.
Users may also record the TV programs they like and choose when to watch their favorite programs.
Digital TV collects certain non-personally identifiable application event-based data, such as which channels are launched via Digital TV. Moto (Actions, Display, Game Time, Motorola Tips and Tricks): Moto makes your device more responsive by giving you more ways to control and interact with it.
Moto makes it easier for you to get important notifications, control your device with your voice and gestures, and automate useful settings changes depending on where you are or what you may be doing at the time.

Moto Actions makes it easier to interact with your Motorola products by letting you use simple gestures to perform tasks quickly.
Through Moto Actions you can:

Twist your wrist quickly to open the camera anytime.
Swipe down to the left or right to make the screen smaller for one-handed use.
Turn your flashlight on or off by making two "chopping" motions.


Moto Display will show important notifications on the screen of supported products so you can get quick access to them without having to power on the screen or unlock your home screen.
Moto Display accesses certain content like your contacts, calendar entries, along with other apps and the notifications they send you.
To complete these tasks, Moto:

Collects information about your Motorola device’s current location and uploads it to Motorola to help identify places of interest and to determine when you may be in a vehicle.
Uses contextual data obtained from your Motorola device’s microphone and sensors like the accelerometer and gyroscope to determine when to activate certain modes, but does not upload it to Motorola.
Accesses user-generated content like your calendar entries, contacts, and call history, but does not upload it to Motorola.

Motorola uses data hosting and processing service providers to support these activities.
In addition, Moto utilizes Google Activity Recognition to help understand contextual data and determine which modes to activate.
Once transferred to Google, the contextual data is handled in accordance with Google’s Terms of Service and Google's privacy policy.
Google’s privacy policy also provides further information on Google’s data collection and protection practices related to other Google analytics and product development tools that Motorola may use from time to time. Moto Feedback: Moto Feedback lets you rate your device and share feedback with Motorola and Lenovo to help Motorola and Lenovo make improvements that enhance the hardware and software experience.
In order to provide functionality, Moto Feedback will collect Motorola device ID, your contact information and certain non-personally identifiable device and application event and analytics information.
you have the option to add a screenshot.
Motorola and Lenovo may use third data hosting and processing service providers to support these activities.
External software development partners may also have access to certain non-personally identifiable feedback information in order to troubleshoot problems or to improve the Motorola device experience. Motorola Place, Hello You &amp.
Motorola Notifications: Where available, Hello You and Motorola Notifications provide tips for using your Motorola device, information and diagnostics for the device.
allow you to receive technical assistance and customer service via chat or phone.
and provide customized content and communications based on your interests, such as entertainment, news, sports and more.
Depending on your country or region, Hello You and Motorola Notifications may be provided in a centralized experience called Motorola Place.

If you choose to use Hello You, you must log in to the app with your Google account information.
To function, Hello You collects your Motorola device identifiers, Google account information, IP address, user interactions with app content, and certain related device and app usage data while using Hello You.
We use the information described to measure the use of our app.
to improve the content of our app.
and to provide tailored content for each user, which may include targeted advertisements.
We may also use your device IP address to collect information about your general location through your device IP address.
For Hello You to provide tailored content, you must provide your interests in areas such as entertainment, sports, politics, business and technology.
In order to deliver this experience, Motorola may share this information with its content and marketing partners, such as news services, marketing agencies and advertising partners.
and with data hosting and processing service partners.
You may choose to disable the Hello You app at any time and you may also modify your selected areas of interest by accessing the preferences in your account settings page.

Motorola Notifications allows you to receive product related information and offers from Motorola and select partners that are relevant to you, including notifications on software updates, tips &amp.
tricks, information about new products and services, and invitations to participate in studies or surveys to help improve Motorola’s products and services.
If you opt-in to receive marketing communications via Motorola Notifications, Motorola will send these communications as “push” notifications on your device and Motorola will collect your name, contact information, Motorola device identifiers, and non-personally identifiable device and application metrics and instrumentation data.
The information collected may be shared with data hosting and processing service providers, marketing agencies and advertising partners, and survey research partners of Motorola so that they can support activities for Motorola Notifications.
You may opt out of receiving push notifications at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe button in the app or by using the unsubscribe option that is presented when you click on the notifications you receive. Moto 360 and Moto Body: The Moto 360 smartwatch and the related Moto Body application use sensors built into the wearable device to collect wellness-related data like your heart rate, step count, and calories so you can track your progress towards daily and weekly activity goals.
You can also create a wellness profile by providing demographic information like your height, weight, gender, and age.
This will help your Moto 360 and Moto Body provide more accurate wellness information.
If you use the Moto Body Running feature, Moto Body will also track and display your location on your device.
Moto 360 and Moto Body can upload your wellness profile, data, and location to our cloud and add it to your user profile.
We use this information to provide you with access to more accurate wellness information like activity statistics over time.
We also use it to create new, personalized features for your Moto 360, Moto Body and other Motorola products.
To delete a run, touch ☰ &gt.
Running.
Touch the run you want to delete, then touch ⋮ &gt.
Delete run.
To remove all your Moto Body activity data, contact privacy@motorola.com.
Except for data hosting and processing services that may be used by Motorola, none of the information described above is shared externally.

The following sections describe additional situations in which Lenovo may collect, use and/or share personal or non-personal information about you.
Some of this information may also be retained as part of your Lenovo user profile, described above.
 Marketing, Promotions, Surveys &amp.
Events: If you choose to receive marketing, advertising or promotional communications from Lenovo and/or its partners - such as via e-mail or in-product push notifications - or if you choose to participate in an event, contest or survey, we will collect personal and non-personal information about you to help us manage these campaigns and communications, or to facilitate your participation.
In particular, we may collect your name, address, email address, phone number, age/date of birth, Lenovo product information, your user profile data and additional personal information you choose to provide.
We may use this information to send to you product support notices.
announcements.
newsletters.
and, when allowed by applicable laws, invitations to complete customer satisfaction surveys.
Lenovo and selected service providers or partners – including marketing, advertising, surveys and events companies - may also use the information you provide to conduct promotional, customer satisfaction or product support activities on Lenovo’s behalf or as part of a joint event or promotion between Lenovo and that company.
Lenovo may also use data hosting and processing service providers to support these activities, as well as external tools to help us learn more about consumer trends, marketing email open/click rates, and so forth.
In addition, we may acquire data from third party sources, such as consumer research firms, in order to supplement the information that we collect from you.
You will receive transactional communications from Lenovo such as order confirmations.
You are not required to subscribe to receive Lenovo marketing communications to purchase a product from Lenovo.
You may choose to unsubscribe by following the instructions included in those communications.
by changing your preferences in your account settings.
or you can contact us at privacy@lenovo.com or privacy@motorola.com. Loyalty Programs: Lenovo may offer its customers the opportunity to participate in loyalty programs that offer discounts, coupons or other incentives.
While these programs are entirely optional and participation is not a requirement for purchasing from Lenovo, they require the collection of certain personal information from you if you do choose to participate.
The information collected for purposes of enrolling and participating in a Lenovo loyalty program may include your name, address, email address, phone number, age/date of birth, Lenovo product information, your user profile data, and possibly additional personal information you choose to provide.
This information may be shared with service providers or partners of Lenovo to manage loyalty programs on Lenovo’s behalf.
Lenovo may also use third party data hosting and processing companies to support these activities.
You may end your participation in a Lenovo loyalty program by following any steps set forth by the applicable loyalty program rules. Single Sign-On From Your Social Media Accounts: You may be able to access Lenovo product experiences, such as Lenovo Vantage, and Lenovo account information by signing on through various social media sites such as Facebook, Google, Twitter, etc.
If you choose to sign on using these services, Lenovo may collect personal information from your social media account including your public profile, email address, age/date of birth, contact lists, interests, likes, and current city.
Your social media service provides this information to Lenovo pursuant to your social media profile settings and that site’s terms of service.
Lenovo may append this information to your Lenovo profile and may use this information to help inform our marketing campaigns and to send you marketing communications you have chosen to receive.
The information provided may be dependent on the privacy setting you have with your social media account.
Please see the privacy statements of your applicable social media services for further information. Mergers &amp.
Acquisitions: Circumstances may arise when Lenovo decides to sell, buy, merge, or otherwise reorganize businesses in some countries.
You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
Such a transaction may involve the disclosure of personal information to prospective or actual purchasers, or receiving it from sellers. Legal Requirements and to Enforce Lenovo’s Rights: It is possible that personal information will be subject to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, orders, or criminal and anti-fraud investigations.
Therefore, when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, we may disclose personal or other information to regulatory or government bodies, courts of law, tribunals, and law enforcement agencies.
We may also need to disclose personal or other information to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, or to investigate theft or fraud.
In addition to the above, there may be circumstances that require us to disclose your personal information to other parties, including, but not limited to, legal advisers or debt collection agencies.
Does Lenovo sell my personal information?
No.
Lenovo does not sell personal information.
As described in the sections above, Lenovo may share personal information with third party service providers and partners so that they may support Lenovo Products, or to provide additional services to Lenovo and its customers and product users.
In doing so, Lenovo takes appropriate steps to ensure that these service providers and partners are meeting Lenovo’s standards of robust privacy and strong security.
However, Lenovo does not sell personal information.
and we have not sold any personal information during the 12 months prior to July 1, 2020.
If Lenovo decides to sell personal information at any point, we would provide appropriate prior notice and consent opportunities as required by applicable law.
Does Lenovo transfer my personal information internationally?
Lenovo is a global organization, with legal entities, business processes, management structures, and technical systems that cross borders.
Therefore, where permitted by law, we may share your personal information within Lenovo (including to subsidiaries, affiliates and parent companies) or our service providers and business partners and may transfer it to countries in the world where we do business (including, but not limited to, the United States of America and China).
Regardless of where your information is transferred to and resides, our privacy and security practices are designed to provide protection for your personal information globally.
Some countries have privacy laws that are not equivalent to privacy laws in your own country and your data could be requested by law enforcement agencies in those jurisdictions.
In such countries, Lenovo will still handle information in the manner we describe here and will take such measures as are necessary to comply with applicable data protection laws when transferring and processing your information.
Where required, Lenovo will also maintain agreements between Lenovo group companies or with Lenovo partners or service providers to govern the transfer, processing and protection of personal information.
Lenovo uses Standard Contractual Clauses as one means to help effectuate transfers of personal information from and within the European Union and the European Economic Area.
How long will my personal information be retained?
Lenovo intends to retain information, including personal information, only as long as necessary for business or other compelling purposes.
and to securely delete personal information when those purposes of use have been satisfied.
We will retain your information, including personal information, for as long as any of the following circumstances apply:

your account or subscription is active
to provide you with services or support that you may request
to ensure required functionality and performance of Lenovo Products and websites, including responsibilities under our product warranties
to comply with applicable laws, including for tax and audit purposes
to enforce Lenovo’s rights, including litigation and debt collection

How is my information protected?
We use standard technical and organizational measures when we transmit information from Lenovo Products to our servers, when we store data, and when we share it with third parties.
For example, we use encryption when necessary while transmitting sensitive information to keep your information secure.
When sharing your information with third parties, we will take reasonable and appropriate steps to contractually require that such parties protect and use your information responsibly.
Lenovo Products may also include security features designed to help you protect the information you store on your Lenovo product(s).
These may include solutions like encryption.
passwords, PIN and fingerprint unlock.
and remote control over your Lenovo Product(s) so you can locate, lock, and erase lost or stolen products.
You can learn more about available features by accessing the Security Settings on your Lenovo Product(s).

However, please remember that no product, software, or data transmission can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we have taken appropriate steps to protect your product(s) and your information, Lenovo cannot ensure or otherwise warrant the security of your Lenovo Product(s) or any information you provide to us.
By using Lenovo Products, you do so at your own risk.
For more information on Lenovo product security and how to contact Lenovo’s product security team with questions or security vulnerabilities, please visit the Lenovo Product Security site here.
What about my child’s privacy?
Lenovo Products are intended for adults and children aged 16 and over, or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, who have permission from their parents or legal guardians to use them.
Lenovo does not seek to collect personal information about children under the age of 16.
Users under the age of 16 should provide no personal information to Lenovo.
If Lenovo learns a child under the age of 16, or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, has submitted personal information to Lenovo, we will take appropriate steps to delete the personal information as soon as possible and not use it for any purpose.
Lenovo encourages parents to take an active role in their children’s use of Lenovo Products and to inform them of the potential dangers of providing personal information about themselves.
What are my data protection rights?
Applicable data protection laws may give you the right to control our use and processing of your personal information.
These may include the right (i) to request access to and a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure of your personal information.
(iii) to object to processing of your personal information.
(iv) to restrict processing or to opt-out of any sale of your personal information.
and (v) to data portability.
Where we are using your personal information with your consent, you also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, though this will not affect our uses of your personal information prior to the withdrawal of your consent.
In addition, you may have the ability to review, correct or delete certain personal information via your Lenovo account if you have one and/or via your Lenovo product or application settings.
To exercise your rights as described above, please submit a privacy request form to Lenovo or please submit a privacy request form to Motorola.
or contact us at privacy@lenovo.com or privacy@motorola.com.
We will review, respond to, and act upon any such requests in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Please note that we will take steps in accordance with applicable law and our privacy and security standards to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or otherwise complying with your request.
If you have a Lenovo account, we may verify your identity by requiring you to sign in to your account.
If you do not have a Lenovo account, or an email address on file with us, then we may request additional limited information from you in order to verify your identity.
Please note that if you do not have an account with Lenovo, or an email address on file, or if we are unable to verify your identity in our records, we may deny your request.
You may also use an authorized agent to submit a request under this section on your behalf.
If you choose to have an authorized agent submit such a request on your behalf, Lenovo will require: (i) You to provide the authorized agent written permission to do so.
and (ii) your agent to verify their identity directly with Lenovo.
Lenovo may deny a request from an agent that does not meet these requirements.
In addition, you have the right to raise questions or complaints with your applicable national data protection authority at any time.
How may I contact Lenovo and Motorola’s Privacy Program?
To exercise your rights as described above, please submit a privacy request form to Lenovo or please submit a privacy request form to Motorola.
If you have any additional questions about this privacy statement, you can contact Lenovo at privacy@lenovo.com or Motorola at privacy@motorola.com, or via U.S.
postal mail or other means at the following:

Lenovo:
Lenovo Group LimitedAttn: Privacy Program,8001 Development Drive,Morrisville, NC, USA 27560.Additional Lenovo customer service information, including phone and chat contacts, may be found at https://www.lenovo.com/us/en/contact.

Motorola:
Motorola MobilityAttn: Privacy Program,222 West Merchandise Mart Plaza, Suite 1800,Chicago, Illinois, USA 60654.Additional Motorola customer service information, including phone and chat contacts, may be found at http://motorola.com/support.
