
About This Statement What this statement applies to: 
Your privacy is important to Lenovo. This privacy statement applies to data collected through websites owned and operated by Lenovo Group Ltd.
and its affiliated group companies ("Lenovo") and certain offline services maintained by Lenovo or our service providers and partners .
This statement describes the information practices for Lenovo websites including, but not limited to https://www.lenovo.com/us/en, https://canada.lenovo.com/fr, https://www.lenovo.com/ca/en/, https://lenovocareers.com/, https://blog.lenovo.com/, https://lenovosoftware.com/, and https://solutions.lenovo.com/.
This privacy statement describes the information practices for Lenovo websites, including what types of information are collected, how Lenovo uses information and for what purposes.
with whom information is shared.
and how Lenovo protects information.
It also describes your choices regarding use, access, correction and deletion of your personal information, among other topics.
In addition, this statement addresses personal information collection and use by Lenovo in certain offline contexts, such as marketing and customer service and support. What this statement does not apply to: Lenovo websites may contain links to other websites, some of which are not owned or controlled by Lenovo.
Lenovo is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those other websites.
Some of our web pages use framing techniques to serve content from suppliers or partners while preserving the look and feel of our site.
Furthermore, certain Lenovo-branded websites are operated by suppliers or partners and, when a "powered-by" logo is present, the privacy statements and terms of use of those suppliers and partners govern such sites or experiences.
Please also note that this statement does not apply to information collected via Lenovo’s products and software or other sources.
To learn more about our product and software privacy practices, please visit the Lenovo Product Privacy Statement here. Changes to this statement: If we make a change to this statement, we will make previous versions available so that you can see when changes occurred and what they are.
If we make any material changes to this statement, we will notify you by means of a notice on Lenovo’s website or by an email (sent to the email address specified in your account) prior to the change becoming effective.
Where applicable data protection laws require us, we will also seek your consent to any material changes that affect how we use or transfer your personal information.
We encourage you to review this page periodically for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Please click here to review our previous privacy statements.
What information does Lenovo collect.
how is the information used.
and is any personal information shared with third parties?
Lenovo collects information about you when you interact with our websites and certain offline services maintained by Lenovo or our service providers and partners.
We use this information in order to provide you with a product or a service that you have requested.
to provide you with customer service or support.
to send you news, updates or offers.
to improve our websites, products and services.
to make sure that they are performing at their best.
among other reasons.
Please note that, in certain circumstances, if you do not provide us with personal information where needed, we may not be able to provide you with the products, experiences or functionalities that you have requested.
The following describes how we collect, use and share information, including personal information, in certain online and offline contexts. Browsing Lenovo’s Websites: In general, if you are simply visiting Lenovo’s websites without registering or logging in, you can browse our sites without providing anything other than the non-individually identifying information that our web servers collect automatically.
Our web server logs collect the domain names and certain related data of visitors to our websites automatically (such as IP addresses or device identifiers).
This information is used to measure the number of visits, average time spent on a Lenovo website, pages viewed and website usage information.
We use this information to meet legal or regulatory requirements.
to maintain the security and integrity of our websites.
to measure the use of our sites.
to improve the content of our sites.
and to display and inform advertisements.
This information is not retained or used in a form that would enable us to directly identify visitors to our websites.
We may collect this information using cookies, as explained below under the section "Does Lenovo use cookies, tags, web beacons, analytics and related technologies for online advertising and other purposes?”.
This information may be shared with service providers of Lenovo, including third party data hosting, data processing and website services so that they may support the functionality, security, integrity and improvement of Lenovo’s websites.
Lenovo also conducts research on our users' demographics (e.g.
age, gender), interests, and behavior based on the information you provide to us when making a purchase, during a promotion, from surveys and from our server log files.
We do this to better understand and serve you.
This research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis to prevent identification of personal information relating to any one individual.
Lenovo sometimes supplements this information with additional data supplied by third parties.
Lenovo may share this data with our service providers so that they may provide data hosting, processing, analysis and related services to Lenovo. Your User Profile: Your user profile may consist of information, including personal information, you provide while interacting with Lenovo, such as your use of certain areas of our websites.
your Lenovo ID, My Account, Passport or Motorola ID account.
your contact with our customer service representatives.
Lenovo Product(s) registration information.
and from certain Lenovo Products and services that you use.
Your user profile allows Lenovo to:

give certain Lenovo Products and services the information they need to function;
troubleshoot problems you may have with a Lenovo Product, service or website;
suggest ways to make your Lenovo Products, services and our websites work better;
provide you with news, updates, and information about your Lenovo Products and services.
and
if you choose to receive marketing communications, provide you with information about additional Lenovo Products or services that you may be interested in.


The following sections describe in further detail the types of information that may be contained within a user profile, how Lenovo uses that information, whether that information is shared with any third parties, and certain choices you may have regarding the information.
For further details on other types of information that could be included in your user profile, please see the Lenovo privacy statement for your product.
 Lenovo ID and Lenovo Product Registration: When you choose to create a Lenovo ID, register your Lenovo Product, or create an account through My Account or Passport, we will collect information, including personal information, about you and your Lenovo Product(s).
We use your Lenovo ID and related registration and account information to identify you including when you use certain of our software applications (such as Lenovo Vantage) and our interactive services (like our online stores and customer support sites).
If you choose to create a Lenovo ID or to register your products, we will need to collect certain information from you such as your name, address, email address, language, region/country, product type/model, product serial number, date of product registration, and activation data about your operating system.
We will use this information in order to administer your account or profile.
provide services that you have requested.
and to provide you with communications, including marketing messages that you choose to receive from Lenovo.
The information collected and retained by Lenovo for these purposes may be shared with our service providers so that they may provide data hosting, processing and marketing services to and on behalf of Lenovo.
You may change your Lenovo ID password or deactivate your Lenovo ID account by visiting https://account.lenovo.com/us/en/ and navigating to “My Profile” or you can contact us at privacy@lenovo.com . Retail &amp.
e-Commerce: We may collect personal information from you when you choose to place an order with Lenovo.
This may include your name, email address, billing and shipping address, phone number, payment information (such as credit or debit card), age/date of birth, information to personalize a Lenovo product or service, and in limited circumstances where such information is strictly required for such order processing, social security number or other national identification number.
Lenovo uses this information to facilitate the processing of your order and to enable us to contact you if a problem arises with your order.
Additionally, if you purchase a product requiring service, your personal information may be used to obtain a credit report, if necessary.
We may share this information with service providers and partners who are involved in our e-commerce and retail fulfillment activities, such as data hosting companies.
payment processors.
financial institutions.
shipping companies.
and wireless carriers (if carrier services are ordered or activated via our site). Customer Service, Quality Monitoring &amp.
Repair: Certain Lenovo product and service support activities may also involve you contacting Lenovo or Lenovo contacting you, including by phone, email or chat.
Please note that, in these cases, we may record calls for staff training and quality assurance purposes.
To provide you with the service or support that you have requested, such as requesting technical support or repair under a warranty for your Lenovo product, Lenovo customer service personnel may also collect and access personal information about you, such as your user profile, account information, contact information, Lenovo product and service identifiers, and information about how you use your Lenovo product and service.
Some Lenovo customer service personnel work for service providers that supply such services to Lenovo and its customers and may have access to information about you in this context.
Lenovo uses data hosting, processing and communications service providers (such as online chat tools) to support these activities.
In addition, authorized Lenovo distributors, resellers or repair providers for Lenovo products may also have access to certain customer service, quality assurance and product information described herein to support your product or to provide a service that you have requested, such as repair services under a warranty for your Lenovo product. Marketing, Promotions, Surveys &amp.
Events: If you choose to receive marketing, advertising or promotional communications from Lenovo and/or its partners - such as via e-mail or in-product push notifications - or if you choose to participate in an event, contest or survey, we will collect personal and non-personal information about you to help us manage these campaigns and communications, or to facilitate your participation.
In particular, we may collect your name, address, email address, phone number, age/date of birth, Lenovo product information, your user profile data and additional personal information you choose to provide.
We may also use this information to send to you product support notices.
announcements.
newsletters.
and, when allowed by applicable laws, invitations to complete customer satisfaction surveys.
Lenovo and selected service providers or partners – including marketing, advertising, surveys and events companies - may also use the information you provide to conduct promotional, customer satisfaction or product support activities on Lenovo’s behalf or as part of a joint event or promotion between Lenovo and that company.
Lenovo may also use data hosting and processing service providers to support these activities, as well as external tools to help us learn more about consumer trends, marketing email open/click rates, and so forth.
In addition, we may acquire data from third party sources, such as consumer research firms, in order to supplement the information that we collect from you.
For further information on how Lenovo’s websites may use third party cookies and related technologies to support its marketing and advertising activities online, please see the section below entitled “"Does Lenovo use cookies, tags, web beacons, analytics and related technologies for online advertising and other purposes?”.
You will receive transactional communications from Lenovo such as order confirmations.
You are not required to subscribe to receive Lenovo marketing communications to purchase a product from Lenovo.
You may choose to unsubscribe by following the instructions included in those communications.
by changing your preferences in your account settings.
or you can contact us at privacy@lenovo.com . Loyalty Programs: Lenovo may offer its customers the opportunity to participate in loyalty programs that offer discounts, coupons or other incentives.
While these programs are entirely optional and participation is not a requirement for purchasing from Lenovo, they require the collection of certain personal information from you if you do choose to participate.
The information collected for purposes of enrolling and participating in a Lenovo loyalty program may include your name, address, email address, phone number, age/date of birth, Lenovo product information, your user profile data, and possibly additional personal information you choose to provide.
This information may be shared with service providers or partners of Lenovo to manage loyalty programs on Lenovo’s behalf.
Lenovo may also use data hosting and processing service providers to support these activities.
You may end your participation in a Lenovo loyalty program by following any steps set forth by the applicable loyalty program rules. Social Media: Some of our websites include social media features and links, such as a social bar with icons that link to the Lenovo presence on particular sites (e.g., the Lenovo page on Facebook, the Lenovo feed on Twitter).
These features may collect your IP address and information on which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
Social media features and widgets either are hosted by another company or are hosted directly on our site.
Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
You may also be able to access certain Lenovo website experiences and account information by signing on through various social media sites such as Facebook, Google, Twitter, etc.
If you choose to sign on using these services, Lenovo may collect certain information from your social media account, including your public profile, email address, age/date of birth, contact lists, interests, likes, and current city.
Lenovo may link to, or otherwise include this information in your Lenovo user profile and, if you have chosen to receive marketing communications, we may use this information for analysis and marketing purposes .
The specific types of information provided may depend on the privacy settings of your social media account.
Please see the privacy statements of your applicable social media services for further details. Blogs &amp.
Discussion Forums: If you choose to participate in a Lenovo blog or discussion forum, you should be aware that the information you provide there might be made broadly available to others, potentially inside or outside Lenovo, who have access to that blog, discussion forum, or chat room.
Also, please recognize that individual blogs, forums, and chat rooms may be hosted by organizations other than Lenovo and/or may have additional rules and conditions.
Each participant's opinion on a blog, forum or chat room is his or her own and should not be considered as reflecting the opinion of Lenovo. Testimonials: Lenovo sometimes displays product reviews, testimonials and other endorsements of satisfied customers on our sites.
Lenovo’s service providers often manage these reviews and related website features.
With your consent, we may post your comments along with your name.
If you want to update or delete your comments, you can contact us at privacy@lenovo.com . Employment Applications: You may choose to provide Lenovo with personal information when you express an interest in employment opportunities at Lenovo, such as by submitting an application or resume through our websites.
The information we collect from you will be made apparent at the time you are submitting your application and will include such things as name, contact information, background, education, employment history and other information normally used to evaluate candidates for employment opportunities.
We will use this information only to evaluate your employment candidacy, and will share it only with those service providers who support these activities, such as candidate search firms working on behalf of Lenovo.
and background screening companies to help vet a candidate’s application.
Lenovo may use service providers to help process and manage the information it collects in this context, including other Lenovo business and corporate services.
We may also supplement an employment application received with additional information found via publicly available resources, such as LinkedIn profiles. Business Partner Relationships: If you represent a Lenovo business partner (i.e.
a distributor or reseller of Lenovo products), you may visit a Lenovo website intended specifically for Lenovo business partners, such as the Lenovo Partner Network or the Lenovo Pro Store.
We may use personal information you choose to provide via that site to administer and develop our business relationship with you, and the company you represent.
For instance, this may involve using your information to send you details of Lenovo business partner programs.
It may also include sharing certain information with other business partners (subject to any confidentiality obligations that may exist), or Lenovo customers or prospects.
In connection with a particular transaction or program, we may also contact you as part of customer satisfaction surveys or for market research purposes.
The information used for this purpose may be shared with service providers who help us administer these sites or relationships, such as data hosting and processing companies.
and advertising, marketing, events and survey partners so that they may execute sales, promotional campaigns or survey research on Lenovo’s behalf. Supplier Administration: If you represent a Lenovo supplier, you may visit a Lenovo website intended specifically for use by Lenovo suppliers.
We may use the information provided on that site in connection with entering into or performing a transaction with you.
For example, this may include sharing information with other parts of Lenovo, Lenovo's business partners, customers, shipping companies, financial institutions, postal or government authorities involved in fulfillment of a transaction.
It may also be used to administer and develop our relationship with you, the supplier you represent and/or other Lenovo suppliers generally. Mergers &amp.
Acquisitions: Circumstances may arise when Lenovo decides to sell, buy, merge, or otherwise reorganize businesses in some countries.
You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
Such a transaction may involve the disclosure of personal information to prospective or actual purchasers, or receiving it from sellers. Legal Requirements and to Enforce Lenovo’s Rights: It is possible that personal information will be subject to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, orders, or criminal and anti-fraud investigations.
Therefore, when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, we may disclose personal or other information to regulatory or government bodies, courts of law, tribunals, and law enforcement agencies.
We may also need to disclose personal or other information to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, or to investigate theft or fraud.
In addition to the above, there may be circumstances that require us to disclose your personal information to other parties, including, but not limited to, legal advisers or debt collection agencies.
Does Lenovo use cookies, tags, web beacons, analytics and related technologies for online advertising and other purposes?
As is true of most websites, we collect certain information automatically and store it in log files.
We sometimes collect information about our visitors’ behavior during their visits to our websites to help us provide better customer service, to improve the quality of our website experiences or to deploy advertising.
For example, we keep track of the domains from which visitors come to our website, and we also measure visitor activity on Lenovo websites, but we do so in ways that do not enable the direct identification of any visitor (we call this "non-identifiable information").
Lenovo or others on Lenovo's behalf may use this data to analyze trends and statistics, to improve our websites and to serve advertising. Clickstreams: When we collect personal information from you in a transaction, we may extract some information about that transaction in a non-identifiable format and combine it with other non-identifiable information.
This information is sometimes called a "clickstream”.
This information is used and analyzed only at an aggregate level to help us understand trends and patterns.
This information is not reviewed at an individual level. Cookies &amp.
Online Advertising: In order to offer and provide a customized website experience, Lenovo may use cookies to store and help track information about you.
Where required by applicable law, Lenovo will acquire consent from you prior to using certain cookies during your Lenovo website experience and/or will offer you the opportunity to choose which types of cookies to enable or disable.
Cookies are simply small pieces of data that are sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive.
Lenovo uses cookies to help remind us who you are and to help you navigate our sites during your visits.
Cookies enable us to save preferences and shopping cart contents for you so you will not have to re-enter them each time you visit.

We also use cookies in order to determine relevant interest-based advertisements to serve the user.
For this purpose, Lenovo may use services hosted by companies such as Google Analytics for Display Advertisers, Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, DoubleClick Campaign Manager and Google Analytics Demographic and Interest Reporting to help us understand our customers' use of our websites and products, and to deliver and manage interest-based advertisements.
These services may collect information, such as your IP address, sent by your browser or via cookies.
In addition, cookies and related technologies allow us to measure website trends and traffic patterns, such as which areas of the Lenovo site you have visited and which site you came from.
to simplify site navigation.
to help design our site in order to make it more efficient and enjoyable.
to make product recommendations.
and to deliver a Lenovo product advertisement while browsing a website including on non-Lenovo websites..
Lenovo and its service providers , including Google and DoubleClick, use cookies to report how your ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to Lenovo’s website.
If you do not want to have this information used for serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by following the steps below.
You may continue to receive generic ads.
Lenovo may also supplement information collected via cookies and related technologies with information acquired from other sources, including third parties.
The use of such cookies is relatively standard.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept them.
However, if you prefer not to store cookies, you can choose to:

not use our sites
set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie
set your browser to refuse to accept cookies
utilize the cookie consent and control options offered by a Lenovo website (if available and as required by applicable law)
delete our cookies after visiting our site
browse our site using your browser’s anonymous usage setting (called "Incognito" in Chrome, "InPrivate" for Internet Explorer, "Private Browsing" in Firefox and Safari, etc.)

However, please note that certain Lenovo websites may not respond to Do-Not-Track signals sent by certain browsers.
You should also understand that some features of the Lenovo website might not function properly if you do not accept cookies.
If you do not know how to control or delete cookies, or would like to opt-out of receiving certain targeted ads based on your browsing history, we recommend that you visit https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/, https://www.aboutads.info/, or https://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ for detailed guidance, including opt-out instructions.
If you would like to opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertisers and/or opt out of the customized Google Display Network, you may do so by visiting Google's Ads Preferences Manager.
You may also wish to utilize the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on to opt-out of Google Analytics.
For information on how to do this on the browser of your product or mobile device you will need to refer to your browser's or mobile device's help menu or product manual. Local Storage Objects: Additionally, some Lenovo website experiences may use local storage objects (LSOs) such as Flash cookies and HTML5 provided by service providers and partners of Lenovo to store content information and preferences on your device.
Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs.
To manage Flash cookies, please click here. Adobe Marketing Cloud Device Co-Op: Certain Lenovo businesses and sites participate in the Adobe Marketing Cloud Device Cooperative to better understand how you use certain websites and apps of ours across the various devices you use, and to deliver tailored promotions.
Learn more about how Adobe does this and how you may opt-out of this program. Web beacons and other technologies: Certain website activities may also involve you calling Lenovo or Lenovo, or its repair providers, calling you.
Please note that, in some cases, we may record and retain such calls for staff training and quality assurance purposes.
If you do not wish the call to be recorded, please notify the call taker. Business Partner Relationships: Some Lenovo websites also use web beacons or other technologies such as Java scripts and etags to better tailor those sites to provide better customer service.
These technologies may be in use on a number of pages across Lenovo websites.
When a visitor accesses these pages, a non-identifiable notice of that visit is generated.
This may be processed by us or by our service providers .
These web beacons usually work in conjunction with cookies.
If you turn off cookies, web beacons and other technologies will still detect visits to these pages, but the notices they generate cannot be associated with other non-identifiable cookie information and are disregarded. Personalized URL Links: On occasion, we may personalize and customize websites for certain visitors.
If you visit one of these sites, you may find it customized with references to products and/or services that we believe may be of interest to you, based on your previous interactions with Lenovo and information you have provided to us.
While you are visiting these websites, we may collect information about your visit to better tailor the site to your interests.
An invitation to visit one of these websites can be presented as a personalized URL in an email, a notice on a website registration page, or as a response to you logging on to a certain website.
Does Lenovo sell my personal information?
No.
Lenovo does not sell personal information.
As described in the sections above, Lenovo may share personal information with third party service providers and partners so that they may support Lenovo’s Products and websites, or to provide additional services to Lenovo and its customers and product users.
In doing so, Lenovo takes appropriate steps to ensure that these service providers and partners are meeting Lenovo’s standards of robust privacy and strong security.
However, Lenovo does not sell personal information.
and we have not sold any personal information during the 12 months prior to July 1, 2020.
If Lenovo decides to sell personal information at any point, we would provide appropriate prior notice and consent opportunities as required by applicable law.
Does Lenovo transfer my personal information internationally?
Lenovo is a global organization, with legal entities, business processes, management structures, and technical systems that cross borders.
Therefore, where permitted by law, we may share your personal information within Lenovo (including to subsidiaries, affiliates and parent companies) or our service providers and business partners and may transfer it to countries in the world where we do business (including, but not limited to, the United States of America and China).
Regardless of where your information is transferred to and resides, our privacy and security practices are designed to provide protection for your personal information globally.
Some countries have privacy laws that are not equivalent to privacy laws in your own country and your data could be requested by law enforcement agencies in those jurisdictions.
In such countries, Lenovo will still handle information in the manner we describe here and will take such measures as are necessary to comply with applicable data protection laws when transferring and processing your information.
Where required, Lenovo will also maintain agreements between Lenovo group companies or with Lenovo partners or service providers to govern the transfer, processing and protection of personal information.
Lenovo uses Standard Contractual Clauses as one means to help effectuate transfers of personal information from and within the European Union and the European Economic Area.
How long will my personal information be retained?
Lenovo intends to retain information, including personal information, only as long as necessary for business or other compelling purposes.
and to securely delete personal information when those purposes of use have been satisfied.
We will retain your information, including personal information, for as long as any of the following circumstances apply: 

your account or subscription is active
to provide you with services or support that you may request
to ensure required functionality and performance of Lenovo Products and websites, including responsibilities under our product warranties
to comply with applicable laws, including for tax and audit purposes
to enforce Lenovo’s rights, including litigation and debt collection

How is my information protected?
We use standard technical and organizational measures when we transmit information from our websites to our servers, when we store data, and when we share it with third parties.
For example, we use encryption as necessary when transmitting sensitive information to keep your information secure.
When sharing your information with third parties, we will take reasonable and appropriate steps to contractually require that such parties will protect and use your information responsibly.

However, please remember that no product, software, or data transmission can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we have taken appropriate steps to protect your information, Lenovo cannot ensure or otherwise warrant the security of Lenovo’s websites or any information you provide to us.
By using Lenovo’s websites, you do so at your own risk.

What about my child’s privacy?
Lenovo’s websites are intended for adults and children aged 16 and over, or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, who have permission from their parents or legal guardians to use them.
Lenovo does not seek to collect personal information about children under the age of 16.
Individuals under the age of 16 should provide no personal information to Lenovo.
If Lenovo learns a child under the age of 16, or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, has submitted personal information to Lenovo, we will take appropriate steps to delete the personal information as soon as possible and not use it for any purpose.
Lenovo encourages parents to take an active role in their children’s use of interactive resources and to inform them of the potential dangers of providing personal information about themselves.
What are my data protection rights?
Applicable data protection laws may give you the right to control our use and processing of your personal information.
These may include the right (i) to request access to and a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure of your personal information.
(iii) to object to processing of your personal information.
(iv) to restrict processing or to opt-out of any sale of your personal information.
and (v) to data portability.
Where we are using your personal information with your consent, you also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, though this will not affect our uses of your personal information prior to the withdrawal of your consent.
In addition, you may have the ability to review, correct or delete certain personal information via your Lenovo account if you have one.
To exercise your rights as described above, please submit a privacy request or contact us at privacy@lenovo.com.
We will review, respond to and act upon any such requests in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Please note that we will take steps in accordance with applicable law and our privacy and security standards to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or otherwise complying with your request.
If you have a Lenovo account, we may verify your identity by requiring you to sign in to your account.
If you do not have a Lenovo account, or an email address on file with us, then we may request additional limited information from you in order to verify your identity.
Please note that if you do not have an account with Lenovo, or an email address on file, or if we are unable to verify your identity in our records, we may deny your request.
You may also use an authorized agent to submit a request under this section on your behalf.
If you choose to have an authorized agent submit such a request on your behalf, Lenovo will require: (i) You to provide the authorized agent written permission to do so.
and (ii) your agent to verify their identity directly with Lenovo.
Lenovo may deny a request from an agent that does not meet these requirements.
In addition, you have the right to raise questions or complaints with your applicable national data protection authority at any time.
How may I contact Lenovo’s Privacy Program?
To exercise your rights as described above, please submit a privacy request.
If you have any additional questions about this privacy statement, you can contact Lenovo at privacy@lenovo.com or via U.S.
postal mail at Lenovo Group Limited, Attn: Privacy Program, 8001 Development Drive, Morrisville, North Carolina, USA 27560.
Additional Lenovo customer service information, including phone and chat contacts, may be found at https://www.lenovo.com/us/en/contact.
