

 By registering on a website www.liberland.org, www.ll.land or any subordinate, derivate or referencing domain or formally separate website (e.g.
ico.liberland.org, ll.land, shop.ll.land etc.) hereby give to 
 Free Republic of Liberland, represented by the President of Free Republic of Liberland Vít Jedlička, with registered seat Liberland Lane 1, Liberland (hereinafter referred as “LIBERLAND”)
 this explicit consent to the handling of personal data: 
 this explicit consent I give a freely, voluntarily and seriously to LIBERLAND in accordance with the relevant provisions of personal data protection legal framework, in particular Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation) to handle and process of personal data regarding my personality which include name, surname, date of birth, home address (legal residency), contact details (telephone number and e-mail).

 I hereby grant the consent for time period necessary for intended use of the personal data, but for a maximum period of 10 years and I acknowledge that I can withdraw it at any time in writing.
 I hereby take to account following instruction on processing: 

 Intended use Personal data may LIBERLAND use for sending information about the LIBERLAND project and offers to join the LIBERLAND ICO or other donation or participation projects organized or supported by LIBERLAND and for the preforming the offer for the ICO token or other donation or participation project organized or supported by LIBERLAND including the performance of Know Your Client.


 Scope of processing The collected information is processed manually and by using technical means, divided and recorded into databases for the purpose of their further use.
LIBERLAND may use personal data processor.
LIBERLAND will require from its personal data processors to comply with the same standards of protection and handling of personal data as LIBERLAND itself.
Personal data will be retained for the limited time period - necessary for intended use of the personal data and for a maximum period of 10 years.
In the event that the reason for the handling of personal data ceases to exist or the period of possible handling of personal data expires, LIBERLAND will erase all personal data without undue delay.
LIBERLAND does not sell personal data to anyone.
However, LIBERLAND may provide collected personal data to website hosting partners and other parties who assist LIBERLAND in operating LIBERLAND website, conducting LIBERLAND business, or serving LIBERLAND users and/or contributors.
LIBERLAND will require from its partners to comply with the same standards of protection and handling of personal data as LIBERLAND itself.
The provision of personal data is strictly limited to the fulfilling of the intended use of the personal data 

 Security LIBERLAND have implemented strong organizational and technical measures to provide the highest level of protection to the personal data, mainly to protect person data which LIBERLAND handles against manipulation, loss, destruction and against access by unauthorised third parties.
LIBERLAND security measures are state-of-theart, and undergo continuous improvement in line with technological development.
However, due to the nature of the Internet based operations, LIBERLAND cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted to LIBERLAND website by any user.
any transmission is at users’ own risk.


 My rights I may exercise following rights and LIBERLAND guaranties their execution: 
 a right of access to a copy of the information comprised in personal data 
 a right to object to processing that is likely to cause or is causing damage or distress 
 a right to prevent processing for direct marketing.
EXPLICIT CONSENT TO THE HANDLING OF PERSONAL DATA 
 a right to object to decisions being taken by automated means 
 a right in certain circumstances to have inaccurate personal data rectified, blocked, erased or destroyed.
and 
 a right to claim compensation for damages caused by a breach of the legal framework.
If LIBERLAND fails to respond to requests for explanation or removal of an offense, I can contact the relevant data protection authority according to the place of residence.

 If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please email us at mail: info@liberland.org.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights).
However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive.
Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights).
This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month.
Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests.
In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.




 Erasure In the event that the reason for the handling of personal data ceases to exist or the period of possible handling of personal data expires, LIBERLAND will erase all personal data.


 Transfer to the third party LIBERLAND may provide collected personal data to its’ contractual partner in EU states and outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
LIBERLAND will require from its non-EEA partners to comply with the same standards of protection and handling of personal data as LIBERLAND itself.


 Representative in the European Union Pursuant to Article 27(1) of the GDPR, Free Republic of Liberland has designated ________________ as its representative in the European Union whose contact details are the following: _____________________ You may contact Our representative for data protection with regard to all issues related to processing of Your Personal Data and to the exercise of Your rights under the applicable national and European legislation relating to data protection.



