
         Preface  By registering at Liberland.org you agree to the terms herein.
Please carefully read these terms.If you have any questions regarding these terms, please contact us at info@liberland.org.
 Section 1: General terms and conditions Art.
1: Personal requirements §1 By agreeing to these Terms, you represent and warrant that:

 You are at least 18 years of age, as our Liberland.org platform and related services, henceforth “Services”, are not meant for children without the consent of their legal guardians.

 You have the full right, power, and authority to agree to these Terms.

 You are not subject to any sanctions, embargoes or other restrictive measures imposed by the United Nations, European Union, any EU country, UK Treasury or US Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), or any governmental authority in any jurisdiction in which the Services are available.

 You are not a citizen or resident of any of the following countries: Belarus, Central African Republic, Cote d’Ivoire (Ivory Coast), Cuba, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Iran, Iraq, Lebanon, Liberia, Libya, Myanmar (Burma), North Korea, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, Zimbabwe.

You are not impersonating any other person;
 You will not use the Services if any applicable laws in your country prohibit you from doing so in accordance with these Terms.

 You are compliant with all applicable laws to which you are subject.

 You have read, understood and agreed to our privacy policy.
and 
 You have the necessary and relevant experience and knowledge to deal with cryptographic Tokens, cryptocurrencies and Blockchain-based systems, henceforth “Crypto” as well as the full understanding of their framework, and are aware of all the merits, risks and any restrictions associated with the purchase and the use of Crypto, and you know how to manage it.
you are solely responsible for any evaluations based on such knowledge.

 §2 
 You must make an account by us and/or connect your Liberland merit (LLM) wallet to use the Services as intended by Liberland Limited and the related entities which provide these Services, henceforth “Provider”.

 To create an account, we will require you to provide certain information about yourself and we may, in our sole discretion, require you to provide further information and/or documents at any stage during your use of the Platform.

 Art.
2: KYC and account suspension §1 By agreeing to these Terms, you represent and warrant that:

 You give your full consent that through our KYC and/or flagging procedure we may, in our sole discretion, refuse, decline, suspend or disable your access or use of the Services.

 You agree to keep the information in that account accurate and up to date, and you are solely responsible for all the consequences when that is not the case.
Each person might operate only one (1) Account.

 §2  Regardless of disabling the access through the Services, all direct interactions with the Liberland Smart Chain interfaces are out of control of the Provider.
 Art.
3: Liberland Smart Chain is a public blockchain 
 No party (neither we or you), including but not limited to any party involved in, or having contributed to the development of, the Liberland Smart Chain and any of the affiliates, directors, employees, contractors, service providers or agents of such parties owns or control the Liberland Smart Chain or any accessory, upgrade, related software or any other modification to it (including, but not limited to, Liberland Smart Chain user interface) and you are solely and in full responsible for your use of each and any of them.

 There is no central oversight over the Liberland Smart Chain.
It is built by the participants and participants of their networks themselves.
for the avoidance of doubt, the Provider assumes no responsibility or liability for 
 availability and operability of the Liberland Smart Chain and its underlying software.

 interoperability of the network with other third party networks (this largely depends on external factors beyond the Provider’s reasonable control such as, in particular the infrastructure and operability of third party networks and their internet-connectivity measures).
or 
 suitability of the Liberland Smart Chain for your own business purposes.

 You are using the Liberland Smart Chain for your own business purposes at your sole and own risk.

 Art.
4: Legal and moral use  You may use the Services only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
You agree not to use the Services: 

 In any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local, or international law or regulation (including, without limitation, any laws regarding the export of data or software to and from the US or other countries).

 For the purpose of exploiting, harming, or attempting to exploit or harm minors in any way by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable information or otherwise.

 To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use, or re-use any material which does not comply with these terms and conditions.

 To transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material without our prior written consent, including any “junk mail”, “chain letter”, “spam”, or any other similar solicitation.

 To impersonate or attempt to impersonate the Provider, Liberland or any affiliated entity, their employee or another agent, another user, or any other person or entity (including, without limitation, by using e-mail addresses or screen names associated with any of the foregoing).
and 
 To engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone's use or enjoyment of the Services, or which, as determined by us, may harm the Provider, Liberland, its affiliated persons or entites or users of the Services or expose them to liability.

 Art.
5: Responsible use Additionally, you agree not to:

 Use the Services in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the Services or interfere with any other party’s use of the Services, including their ability to engage in real time activities through the Services.

 Use any robot, spider, or other automatic device, process or means to access the Services for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the material on the Services.

 Use any manual process to monitor or copy any of the material on the Services or for any other unauthorized purpose without our prior written consent.

 Use any device, software or routine that interferes with the proper working of the Services.

 Introduce any viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs, or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful.

 Attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage, or disrupt any parts of the Services, the server(s) on which the Services is stored, or any server, computer or database connected to the Services.

 Attack the Services via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack.
and 
 Otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Services.

 Section 2: Limited warranty &amp.
liability Art.
6: Legal domicile of services §1 
 The Services are run out of Liberland.
The Provider makes no claims that the Residency Services or any of its content is accessible or appropriate outside of Liberland.

 Access to the Services may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries.
If you access the Services from outside Liberland, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.

 §2 
 Given that the use or access to the Services outside of Liberland is out of their contemplated scope, you accept that by such use you waive all our responsibility for the use or its consequences and that the national warranties will not apply as well.

 Such use is fully and completely your own responsibility and you are likewise solely responsible for all of its consequences, to you or to third parties.

 Art.
7: General disclaimer of warranties §1  The Provider, Liberland, and any person or entity associated with these in any way, hereby disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, statutory or otherwise, including but not limited to any warranties of merchantability, non-infringement and fitness for any particular purposes.
 §2  Some jurisdictions do not allow complete exclusion of warranties or limitation on the duration of implied warranties.
in these jurisdictions, the above disclaimer applies to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.
 Art.
8: Specific disclaimers of warranties and of representations §1 
 The Provider makes no warranty or representation with respect to the completeness, security, reliability, quality, accuracy, or availability of their platform or the Services.
without limiting the foregoing.

 The Provider doesn’t represent and doesn’t warrant that their platform, the Services, their content or any secondary services or items obtained through the Services will be accurate, reliable, error-free or uninterrupted, that defects will be corrected, that the Services, the websites or the server(s) that makes them available are free of viruses or other harmful components or that the platform, the Services or any services or items obtained through the Services will otherwise meet your needs or expectations.

 §2 
 You understand that the Provider cannot and does not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading from the internet, the Provider’s platform or by use or through the means of any of the Services will be free of viruses or other destructive code.

 You agree that you are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular requirements for anti-virus protection and accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to our site.

 Art.
9: Use at your own risk 
 Your use of the Services, their content and any services or items obtained through the Services is at your own risk.

 The Services, their content and any services or items obtained through the websites are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis, without any warranties of any kind, either express or implied.

 Art.
10: Limited liability §1  You agree that in no event will the Provider be liable for damages of any kind, under any legal theory, arising out of or in connection with your use, or inability to use, the Services, any services linked to them, any content on the Provider’s platform, the Services or other websites or any goods, services or other items or articles obtained through the Services, including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages, including but not limited to, personal injury, pain and suffering, emotional distress, loss of revenue, loss of profits, loss of business or anticipated savings, loss of use, loss of goodwill, loss of data, and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable.
 §2  You furthermore acknowledge that the Provider will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses, or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data, or other proprietary material due to your use of the Provider’s platform or any services, the Services or items obtained through the platform or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any websites linked to it.
 Art.
11: Indemnification  You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the Provider, Liberland, their affiliates, licensors, and service providers, and its and their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, suppliers, successors, and assigns from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses, or fees (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of or relating to your violation of these Terms and Conditions or your use of the Services, including, but not limited to, any use of the Services, websites, content, services and products other than as expressly authorized in these terms and conditions or your use of any information obtained from the Services.
 Section 3: Limiting expectations Art.
12: Non-recognition, lack of control of territory §1 
 You acknowledge and understand that Liberland in its current state is not recognized by the United Nations and the vast majority of States and it doesn’t have full control over its territory.

 This has profound implications to the level of services Liberland provides as a State, and, in turn, on the level of service regarding the Services provided by the Provider.
These implications include, and are by no means limited to: 
 the partial or total inability to enforcement or fulfil of its own Laws, Regulations, promises, stipulations, expectations, etc.
in Liberland or abroad.

 the lack of recognition of its jurisdiction, legislation, legal acts such as agreements and stipulations, policies, etc.
by other parties, States or private parties.

 the lack of double-taxation prevention agreements and other adverse consequences to you regarding tax law, especially when applied internationally.

 the inability to offer recourse in case of vis maior situations or against vis minor (damaging acts by persons) one might expect of a State.

 the inability to offer international or domestic protection to Persons, companies, contracts, agreements, understood in the broadest possible sense.

 You partake in the Services with the full acknowledgement of this situation and all its consequences.

 §2  You agree to hold the Provider, Liberland, affiliated entities and companies and all their officers, employees, contractors, partners, etc.
completely harmless from and against any of your rights, their responsibilities, any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses, or fees (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of the above situation of non-recognition.
 Art.
13: Services provided on an as-is basis  You agree to partake in the Services on the as-is basis and don’t expect them to be alike to any other similar Services, but to function and have scope strictly as described by the Provider.
 Section 4: Choice of forum, jurisdiction Art.
14: Dispute resolution  In general, all matters relating to the Services, the Platform, Liberland and affiliated persons and entities and these Terms and Conditions and any dispute or claim arising therefrom or related thereto (in each case, including non-contractual disputes or claims), shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of Liberland without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule.
 Art.
15: Obligatory arbitration §1  Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of, or related to, these Terms and Conditions or the Services, the platform on which they are provided, the Provider.
Liberland or affiliated persons and entities shall be instituted exclusively in Arbitration and the forum for this arbitration shall be Liberland and its judiciary system.
 §2 
 If such Dispute has not been settled within sixty (60) days after a request for mediation has been submitted, such Dispute can be referred to Arbitration in Liberland.
There shall be three (3) Arbitrators, one selected by each party and the third appointed by the two Arbitrators, them being the legal professional most suited to resolve the issue.

 The language of the Arbitration shall be English, the location one convenient to both parties and the time of the Arbitration shall be without necessary delays.

 The Arbitration Award shall be final and binding, and no appeal shall apply, and no Party shall seek recourse to any national dispute resolution system.

 §3 
 The above notwithstanding, the Provider retains the right to bring any suit, action or proceeding against you for breach of these terms and conditions in your country of residence or any other relevant country.

 You waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over you by such courts and to venue in such courts.

 Section 5: Final provisions Art.
16: No waiver.
severability §1  You agree not to waive any part of these Terms and Conditions and acknowledge that attempting to do so would result in you waiving the entirety of these Terms and Conditions, and losing all access to the Services.
You agree not to expect any compensation in case this happens and to forfeit all the possible resulting claims for damages, recompense, lost revenue, etc.
 §2  No waiver by the Provider of any term or condition outlined in these terms and conditions shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term or condition.
Any failure of the Provider to assert a right or provision under these terms and conditions shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
 §3  If any provision of these terms and conditions is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of the terms and conditions will continue in full force and effect.
 Art.
17: Entire agreement 
 These Terms and Conditions constitute, along with our Privacy policy, the sole and entire agreement between you and the Foundation concerning the Services and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, concerning the Residency Services.

 For specific Services understood under Services, the Provider reserves the right to set up specific Terms and Conditions.
These Terms and Conditions supersede the current Terms and Conditions where they differ, but the current Terms and Conditions still apply where the service-specific Terms and Conditions should stay silent.


