
        Cookie Policy Last updated: March, 2020
Likee (previously Like Video), operated by BIGO TECHNOLOGY PTE.
LTD.
(with its affiliates, “Bigo”) applies certain technologies on its websites, mobile applications (Likee Services”) to collect users’ information to help us improve your online experience.
The aforesaid technologies include cookies, pixels, web beacons, and gifs, collectively as “cookies.” This Cookie Policy articulates different types of cookies used on Likee Services and how you can control them.
We may change this Cookie Policy from time to time to cater for the actual operation need.
Please refer to this Cookie Policy occasionally to get yourself familiarize with the most updated version.
Any changes in this Cookie Policy will become effective when updated Cookie Policy is made available on or through Likee Services.
You have expressly agree to be bound by the Cookie Policy by using Likee Services and/or accessing to any services provided by Bigo that link to this Cookie Policy.
We hope that this policy helps you understand, and feel more confident about our use of cookies.
If you have any further queries, please contact us at likeeaffairs@bigo.sg . What is a Cookie? Cookies are small piece of data stored on your computer or mobile device while you are browsing.
They are used to remember stateful information or to record your browsing activity, or other arbitrary pieces of information that previously enter into form fields to help us better understand your preferences and will further help you visit our website and enjoy Likee Services in a more convenient way.
We do not require that you accept cookies and you may withdraw your consent to our use of cookies at any time by adjusting your browser’s privacy settings.
However, if you decline to accept cookies, some functionality on our website may be disabled and you may be unable to access certain parts of Likee Services.
Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our website. What Cookies do we use? We list out the major cookie we use on Likee Services below.
Essential Cookies
These cookies are essential to the operation of Likee Services, which cannot be turned off without substantially affecting your use of Likee Services.
In another word, you may not be able to assess part or whole of Likee Services if these cookies are eliminated.
These include, for example, cookies that enable a user to log in to our website and to check if a user is allowed access to a particular service or content.
Performance Cookies
These cookies are of analytical nature and often collect information about your use of Likee Services in order for us to improve the way it works.
These cookies allow us to recognize and count the number of users and to see how users use and explore our website and help us to improve Likee Services.
For instance, performance cookies allow us to record the difficulties you have with Likee Services, and show us whether our advertising is effective.
Performance cookies on Likee Services may include: Cookie Name Further information Google Analytics https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage The information generated by Google Analytics about your use of the website (including your IP address) may be transmitted to and stored by Google.
Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity and managing advertising content.
Generally, the performance cookies collected for the purpose of Google Analytics will be valid for a year at most.
Targeting or Advertising Cookies
These cookies are used by us and relevant service providers to deliver ads or commercials that we believe are relevant to you and your interests, in order to enable us to make Likee Services more relevant to your interests.
These cookies remember what you have looked at during your use of Likee Services and we may share such information with relevant third parties, such as advertisers.
Targeting and advertising cookies may include: Cookie Name Further information Appsflyer https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage Google Ads https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads Functionality Cookies
These cookies are not essential, but help us to personalize and enhance your online experience on our website.
This type of cookies allows us to recognize you when you return to our website and to remember, for example, your choice of language.
Web Beacons
Pages of our website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also known as clear gifs, pixel tags, single-pixel gifs and web bugs) that are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of web users or to access cookies. How do third parties use cookies on our website? We may work with third parties to provide services on Likee Services in certain circumstances.
For instance, third-party advertisers may use their own cookies to collect information about your activities on Likee Services and/or the advertisements you have clicked on so as to assess the effectiveness of such advertisements.
The third parties include advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers and/or application providers.
These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website.
Unless expressly stated otherwise, our website does not provide your information to these third parties, however they may collect information, including personal information, such as internet protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, operating system on the devices you use to access our website.
They may use this information to provide you with interest-based advertising or other targeted content.
As Bigo does not control these cookies, please refer to the relevant third party’s website to disable or reject third-party cookies.
Third parties cookies on Likee Services may include: Cookie Name Further information Facebook Social https://www.facebook.com/help/search/?query=cookie VK Social Plugin https://vk.com/dev?act=search&q=cookie Twitter Social Plugin https://developer.twitter.com/en/search-results.html?q=cookie Wechat Social Plugin https://www.wechat.com/en/cookies_policy.html The terms valid for these cookies vary, which is determined by the providers of these cookies.
Generally these cookies will be valid for a year at most.
