
         LinkGraph Analysis Home Privacy EULA Uninstall Contact Privacy Policy  By using the LinkGraph Analysis and any features, services and websites available through the LinkGraph Analysis, you agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy, which are incorporated into this EULA and which set out the practices concerning the information processed by the linkgraphanalysis.net.
and Use of Personal Information.
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files.
The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, the type of browser you used to visit our site (such as Google Chrome, Internet Explorer or Mozilla Firefox), the time at which you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
We may collect personal information at various times when you use our website or plugin.
The more information you volunteer (and the more accurate it is), the better we are able to customize your experience.
Your participation is voluntary and you have the choice not to disclose any information that we request.
The types of information we gather: Information you provide: We receive and store any information you enter on the LinkGraph Analysis Domains or give us in any other way.
You provide most such information when you use the LinkGraph Analysis or bundled plugins.
For instance, if you register for an account with us, we may collect your name, email address, country of origin, and, if you choose, your nickname, telephone number, website, company, and title.
If you download and install the plugin, we collect any information voluntarily provided by you during the installation and registration process, which can include demographic information such as gender, age, occupation, household income, zip code and country.
Demographic information may be correlated to web usage information collected during your use of the service.
In addition, you might provide us with personal identifying information, such as mobile telephone number, when you communicate with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise, or complete a questionnaire, subscription form or a contest entry form.
You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features.
We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing and improving our services, delivering targeted content and advertisements that may be of interest to you, and communicating with you.
Automatic information we collect from the plugin: When you use LinkGraph Analysis plugin, the searches you perform using our domains, the ways in which you use various features, and the pages you view on our domains.
For example, we may collect information about page views, impressions and clicks, as well as similar web usage information on our domains.
We also may periodically collect usage statistics from users that describe the frequency of use of each feature.
Automatic information we collect from the site: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our site.
For example, like many websites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses the Site, when you use the plugin.
If you are not yet 18, you are not allowed to use our services.
Further, if we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
Use of Information We may use information (whether personal identifying information or not) that we collect about you to: Deliver the products and services that you have requested Manage your relationship with us and provide you with customer support If you specifically requested that we communicate with you by e-mail, postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us or third parties Enforce our Agreement Protect our plugin, our websites, our customers and/or our other users from fraud, hacking or other harm Use of Cookies In computer language, a cookie is used to store data on a computer's hard drive.
We sometimes use cookies on our domains to save information but only non-private and non-identifiable information.
Links to Other Web Sites Our Site includes links to other third party Web sites (such as Google, Facebook, Instagram, Tweeter, etc.) whose privacy practices may differ from those of LinkGraph Analysis.
Our service may also be linked to sites or services operated by the LinkGraph Analysis affiliates or third parties, and may carry advertisements or offer content, functionality, games, rewards programs, newsletters, contests or sweepstakes, or applications developed and maintained by third parties including, any online store.
LinkGraph Analysis is not responsible for the privacy practices of any such third parties, and once you leave the Services via a link, enable a third party service, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party site.
If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy statements.
We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any Web site you visit.
Let us know if you have any questions or feedback for our product.
We would be more than happy to respond.
mail : info@linkgraphanalysis.net.

 © linkgraphanalysis.net | All rights reserved
