
This Cookie Policy describes how Rose Web Services LLC, ("Company") uses cookies and other technologies to provide you with the best possible experience on the Site,
keep your account safe, track and understand usage of the Site, and show you relevant advertising.
We use cookies for authentication and functionality, security, preferences and features, and to conduct anonymous analytics and research.
These cookies are placed automatically on your device when you visit our Site, since we consider them necessary to use some key functionalities
of the Site.
There are other cookies that we will only use with your prior consent, specifically third-party advertising cookies and analytics and research tools that collect some type of
personal data.
In any case, you can opt-out or delete all of them at any time.



What is a cookie? A cookie is a small text file placed onto your device that helps us recognize you on the Site and remembers your preferences.
Cookies may also be set by other websites or services that run content on the specific page you are visiting.
We work with various partners for advertising, marketing, and analytics
and you can learn more about these partners and their use of cookies further below on this page.

What types of cookies does Rose Web Services use? Rose Web Services uses 'session cookies' and 'persistent cookies.' Session cookies are temporary cookies that are erased when you close your web browser.
A persistent cookie remains on your device until it expires or until you manually delete it.
We also use 'first-party cookies' - cookies that are set by us, and 'third-party cookies' or requests that allow other third-parties to have access to the information collected.

What are cookies used for? Cookies are used to help us understand how our Site is being utilized, to recognize you when you visit our Site, remember your preferences, and to allow us to bring you relevant advertising.


 Purpose Description Authentication and Functionality These cookies help us to determine whether or not you are signed into the Site and to keep you signed in as you access or use different pages and features on our Site.
See more information here.
To opt-out follow the instructions here.
Security We use these cookies to enable and support security features, detect malicious activity, and protect your data from unauthorized access.
See more information here.
To opt-out follow the instructions here.
Preferences and Features These cookies are used to enable features on the Site, including sharing content to your social networks, opt-out requests, logging in with your LinkedIn account,
filling out forms more easily, using live chat, and showing you the right information on our Site.
See more information here.
To opt-out follow the instructions here.
Advertising These cookies are used to deliver, evaluate and improve advertising, both on and off our Site.
These cookies also help us or our advertising partners
determine whether we've shown you an ad, how it performed, or provide information about how and when you interacted with an ad.
See more information
here.
To opt-out follow the instructions here.
Analytics and Research These cookies are used to identify and fix errors, understand how visitors use our Site, research and test different features, and analyze how visitors arrive at and use our Site.
See more information here.
To opt-out follow the instructions here.
Authentication and Functionality
You may not be able to log into our site or use some functionalities such as live chat support if you opt-out of these cookies. Source Personal data collected LinuxHostSupport.com Session identifier, geolocation, device and IP address.
LinuxHostSupport.com Provides our Live Chat functionality for live technical support.
Security
Rose Web Services may not be able to quickly address errors or know that an error is occurring if you opt-out of these cookies. Source Personal data collected Cloudflare We use Cloudflare tools to protect our site from security threats.
No personal data is collected.
Preferences and Features
You can opt-out of these cookies and keep using our Site, but you may not be able to share content to your social networks and we will not be able to
offer you a personalized experience. Source Personal data collected LinuxHostSupport.com No personal data is collected.
We use session identifiers to show you relevant content on our Site.
We also use cookies to facilitate your cookie preferences (opt-out or opt-in).
LinuxHostSupport.com We use LinuxHostSupport.com to provide a live chat tool for our live technical support on our website.
Information collected include geolocation, session identifier, device and IP address Advertising

We request your consent to use these cookies, and you can also opt-out at any time.
These cookies can help us serve relevant ads to you more effectively.
You also may be served Rose Web Services Partner ads on third party websites based on information collected about your prior usage and viewing history on our Site.
Data we collect for advertising purposes includes usage of the site, IP address or mobile device location information (but only to the extent you have enabled location tracking on your device), and may include information from the Rose Web Services Partners we use to help deliver relevant ads to you.
For information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many third-party providers, please visit the DAA’s aboutads.info website: http//www/aboutads.info/choices/.
For information about how you can opt out of Rose Web Services’ collection and use of your information, please review
“Your choices with respect to the collection and use of your information” below. Source Personal data collected AdWords These types of cookies are used for retargeting and conversion tracking, so we can show you relevant ads based on your activity on our Site after you leave it.
Information collected includes an identifier, and sometimes your geolocation, device type, and IP address.
DoubleClick These types of cookies are used for retargeting and conversion tracking, so we can show you relevant ads based on your activity on our Site after you leave it.
Information collected includes an identifier, and sometimes your geolocation, device type, and IP address.
LinkedIn These types of cookies are used for retargeting and conversion tracking, so we can show you relevant ads based on your activity on our Site after you leave it.
Information collected includes an identifier, and sometimes your geolocation, device type, and IP address.
Twitter These types of cookies are used for retargeting and conversion tracking, so we can show you relevant ads based on your activity on our Site after you leave it.
Information collected includes an identifier, and sometimes your geolocation, device type, and IP address.
Facebook These types of cookies are used for retargeting and conversion tracking, so we can show you relevant ads based on your activity on our Site after you leave it.
Information collected includes an identifier, and sometimes your geolocation, device type, and IP address.
Reddit These types of cookies are used for retargeting and conversion tracking, so we can show you relevant ads based on your activity on our Site after you leave it.
Information collected includes an identifier, and sometimes your geolocation, device type, and IP address.
Analytics and Research
We ask your opt-in consent for certain analytic cookies that collect some type of personal data.
The rest of the analytic cookies do not collect any personally
identifiable information, but are necessary for us to understand how visitors interact with our Site and to be able to optimize our Site and licensed content.
In any
case, you can opt-out of all our analytic cookies at any time and carry on browsing normally. Source Personal data collected Google These cookies are used to collect website statistics and track conversion rates.
No personally identifiable information is collected. Google Analytics We use Google Analytics to generate statistical data on how our visitors use our Site.
How to opt-out or disable cookies? If you are a resident of the EU, on your first visit, you will be presented with a dialog in your browser which will allow you to opt-in or opt-out from being served cookies by our website.
You can also control and delete these cookies through your browser settings as follows:

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Safari
Opera
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Safari for iOS (iPhone and iPad)
Chrome for Android
Windows Phone



Your other choices
To opt-out of advertising or analytics cookies you can also use the following tools: Source Opt-Out tools DoubleClick Opt-Out choice Google Analytics Opt-Out choice 1 and 2 All Other Advertising and Analytics (EU only) Opt-Out choice 
