
         Privacy PolicyEFFECTIVE DATE: 12/17/19
IMPORTANT! PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY 
IMPORTANT! PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY ("PRIVACY POLICY") CAREFULLY.
THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES TO YOUR (REFERENCES TO "YOUR" OR "YOU" IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY MAY ALSO INCLUDE ANY AUTHORIZED USERS ESTABLISHED BY YOU, IF APPLICABLE) USE OF ALL OF THE LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP.
(COLLECTIVELY REFERRED TO HEREIN, SOLELY FOR EASE OF REFERENCE, AS “COMPANY”, “US” OR “WE”) ONLINE AND MOBILE WEBSITES ("SITES") AND INTERACTIVE FEATURES OR DOWNLOADS THAT ARE MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH OR INTERACT WITH THE SITES ("FEATURES").
BY USING THE SITES OR FEATURES YOU ARE AGREEING TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR COLLECTION, USE AND SHARING OF THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITES OR FEATURES.
By visiting the Sites, or using any of our Features, you agree that your personal information will be handled as described in this Privacy Policy.
Your use of our Sites, Features and any dispute over privacy, is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, including its applicable limitations on damages and the resolution of disputes.
The Company Terms of Use are incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy, including any applicable defined terms used in this Privacy Policy that are not otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Company is committed to helping users of its Sites and Features understand the information that Company collects, how Company uses that information and how Company shares the information it collects from you.
This Privacy Policy applies specifically to the Sites and Features only, and covers information collected on or through the Sites and Features.

1.
Information We Collect.
We collect information from users of the Sites when they interact with the Sites, and/or any of the Features that we make available through the Sites (“Users”).
In addition we collect information from other companies with whom you have a relationship (“Partners”).
Partners include Internet service providers and online and offline data providers.
Specifically, we collect the following types of information from Subscribers, Users and Partners:Name and address.Date of birth.Contact details (including email address and phone number).Registration information, including username, password, password reminder and other information relating to “User Accounts” (as defined in the Terms of Use).Payment details (in limited circumstances).Registration for any contests, features and other promotions offered as part of, or in relation to, the Sites.Responses generated in connection with participation in online research.Reports of issues with the Sites.
Correspondence (including email and chat).Screen names.Submissions and voting and polling activities.Site usage and activity.Search queries.Information about interests.
Social media accounts and use.Technology used to access the Sites, including –Device information.Browser information.Internet service provider or mobile carrier.Referring and exit pages.Date and time stamps.Clickstream data (including page clicks and scrolls).Location (for access and use verification).Bandwidth speed.IP address and device ID.Information from cookies and similar technologies (see below for more information).2.
How we use personal data.
We use personal data to provide, promote and develop the Sites.
More specifically we use personal data to –• Verify access to the Sites.• Verify the status of User Accounts (as defined in the Terms of Use for the Sites).• Improve the Sites by providing personalized content, language, help and instructions.• Customize the Sites by location.• Provide customer service assistance.• Ask Users to participate in surveys.• Provide Users with news, newsletters, updates, targeted advertising, promotions, sweepstakes and special offers.
• Better understand how Users use the Sites (including checking traffic patterns and what types of content are most popular).• Receive and respond to submissions or correspondence.
• Use Users submissions in accordance with the Terms of Use for the Sites.
• Check email *opens*.• Exercise and comply with legal rights.
Combining Information.
All of the information we collect about you may be combined, including to help us tailor our communications to you and to develop rich online content and services across our Sites and Features.
3.
Cookies and Similar Technologies.

3.1 Cookies.
Cookies are small information files that our Sites and Features may place on your computer or other device.
This information may be combined with other personal information we collect from you (and our third party service providers may do so on our behalf.

Session Cookies.
Session cookies exist only during an online session.
They disappear from your device when you close your browser or turn off your device.
We use session cookies to allow our systems to uniquely identify you during a session or while you are logged into the Sites and Features.
This allows us to process your online transactions and requests and verify your identity, after you have logged in, as you move through our Sites and Features.
Persistent Cookies.
Persistent cookies remain on your device after you have closed your browser or turned off your device.
We use persistent cookies to track aggregate and statistical information about user activity.


 3.2 Disabling Cookies.
In many instances, you can turn off cookies in your web browser (see your browser’s manual or help file for instructions), but if you do turn off cookies you may not be able to access parts of the Sites and Features where cookies are used.
 3.3 Embedded Scripts/Web Beacons.
An embedded script is programming code used to collect information about how you interact with the Sites and Features.
The embedded script is temporarily downloaded onto your device from a Company or third party web server and is active only while you are connected to the Sites and Features.
A web beacon is a small graphic image or programming code that may be included in our web pages and email messages.
 3.4 Third Party Ad Servers.
Third party ad servers may present or serve advertisements, provide us with data collection, reporting, ad response measurement, and site analytics, and assist with delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements.
These third parties may view, edit, or set their own cookies.
They may also collect information concerning your online activities over time and across different websites.
The information they may collect includes the other sites you have visited or applications that you have downloaded to your mobile device, and other information about you or your device in order to help analyze and serve targeted advertising.
For more information about third-party ad servers and your ability to opt-out of targeted advertising from such third parties, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance.
Please note that opting out via one of these mechanisms will opt you out from those companies’ delivery of interest-based content or ads to you, but it does not mean you will no longer receive any advertising through our Sites or Features, or on other websites.
You may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website that you are viewing (i.e., contextually based ads).
Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you opt out as set forth above, your opt out may not be effective.
3.5
Do-Not-Track.
Currently, our systems do not recognize browser “do-not-track” requests.
You may, however, disable certain tracking as discussed in this section (e.g., by disabling cookies).
 3.6 Third Party Analytics.
Company may use third party analytics service providers to evaluate and provide us with information about the Sites and Features.
These vendors may have their own tracking technologies on your device and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you.
This information may be stored and shared by these vendors to process your transactions and provide access to the Sites and Features.
Company may also use this information for internal review and analysis of the Sites and Features.
4.
How We Disclose the Information We Collect.
Company may disclose the information we collect to:
distributors, contractors and third parties we engage to provide services to us.
Examples of these services include: (a) payment processing and authorization and (b) fraud protection and credit risk reduction 
corporate affiliates of Company to identify products and services that may be of interest to you, for research and analysis, and to assist in the improvement of our Sites and Features or those of our affiliates, and in connection with promotions conducted by us, by our affiliates, or jointly
to any successor or to any person or entity that acquires ownership or control of the Sites and Features by any means
to the extent we are required by law or court order to so disclose, or we believe in good faith that the law requires it
as necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against, someone who may cause or be causing harm to, or interference with, our rights or property, other users of the Sites and Features, or anyone else

5.
How To Update Your Personal Information.
We will use reasonable efforts to allow you to update or correct the information we collect about you by visiting the My Account tool available within the Sites.
To help protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections to any of your information.
6.
Choices – Email Opt Out.
If at any time you wish to opt out or "unsubscribe" from receiving commercial emails related to the Sites and Features you may: (a) use the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each commercial email you receive or (b) visit the My Account tool available within the Sites to opt out of receiving commercial emails and to update your email preferences.
Please remember that: (1) even if you opt out of receiving commercial emails from Company, we reserve the right to send transactional or relationship communications to you (e.g., if we need to contact you regarding your account status, technical support, product information, changes to the terms of use for the Sites and Features or this Privacy Policy, and any other matter that might affect our service to you and/or our records on you) and (2) certain information or services can only be provided to you if information is provided.
If you elect not to provide such information or opt out of having your information shared, you may not be able to receive certain content or information.
7.
Individuals Under the Age of 13.
Company does not knowingly collect or use any information submitted to the Sites and/or Features from individuals under the age of 13.
If you are a parent or guardian who has discovered that your child under the age of 13 has submitted his or her information without your permission or consent, you can ask us to remove your child’s information by contacting us at privacyoffice@lionsgate.com.
Upon notice from you, Company will make reasonable efforts to investigate and remove the information.
Please include in your message the same user name and/or email address and password that your child submitted.
8.
Links to Other Sites.
Company may from time to time offer links to other sites from the Sites and Features, including the sites of our distributors and sites that are sponsored by or co-branded with third parties.
These third parties may have information practices that are different than ours.
We recommend that you review such site’s terms of use and privacy policy prior to use or submitting any information to them.
Company does not verify, warrant, endorse or take responsibility for the availability, accuracy, completeness, quality, practices, or policies of such sites or content available from such sites.
Company does not make any representations or warranties as to the security of any information (including, without limitation, credit card and other personal information) you might be requested to give any third party.
9.
Security.
Company is aware of your privacy concerns and strives to collect only as much data as is required to make your use of the Sites and Features as efficient and satisfying as possible.
We will make reasonable efforts to ensure that whatever information you provide will be maintained in a secure environment.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
As a result, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot guarantee the security of your information.
10.
Changes.
Company reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, discontinue, enhance, add or remove any portion of the Privacy Policy, in whole or in part, at any time.
provided, however, if Company makes any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will attempt to notify you of such changes by contacting you at the email address we have on file for you.
Changes to the Privacy Policy will be effective when posted.
You agree to periodically review the Privacy Policy so that you are aware of any changes.
Your continued use of the Sites and Features in any way after any changes are made or posted will be considered acceptance of those changes and will constitute your agreement to be bound thereby.
11.
Additional Information for
Residents in Certain Jurisdictions

In this section, we provide information for California residents, as required under California privacy laws, including the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), which requires that we provide California residents certain specific information about how we handle their personal information, whether collected online or offline.
Since the CCPA requires that we disclose specific information about how we handle certain personal information collected about all California consumers, the scope of this section is different than the overall scope of our privacy policy as explained above.
This section does not address or apply to our handling of:publicly available information made lawfully available by state or federal governmentspersonal information that is subject to an exemption under Section 1798.145(c) – (f) of the CCPA (such as protected health information that is subject to HIPAA or the California Medical Information Act, and non-public information subject to the Gramm-Leach Bliley Act or the California Financial Information Privacy Act)personal information we collect about job applicants, independent contractors, or current or former full-time, part-time and temporary employees and staff, officers, directors or owners of Company personal information about individuals acting for or on behalf of another company, to the extent the information relates to our transactions with such company, products or services that we receive from or provide to such company, or associated communications or transactions
Categories of personal information that we collect and disclose.
Our collection, use and disclosure of personal information about a California resident will vary depending upon the circumstances and nature of our interactions or relationship with such resident.
The table below sets out generally the categories of personal information (as defined by the CCPA) about California residents that we collect, sell, and disclose to others for a business purpose.
We collect these categories of personal information from the sources described in Section 1 above, and for the purposes described in Section 2 above.


Categories of personal information 



 Last Updated: 12/12/19
 Do we collect? Do we disclose for business purposes? Do we sell? Name, Contact Info and other Identifiers: identifiers such as a real name, alias, address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.

 YES YES NO
Customer Records: paper and electronic customer records containing personal information, such as name, signature, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, education, current employment, employment history, social security number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial or payment information, medical information, or health insurance information.
 YES YES NO
Protected Classifications: characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law such as race, color, sex, age, religion, national origin, disability, citizenship status, and genetic information.
 YES YES NO
Purchase History and Tendencies: commercial information including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or use histories or tendencies.
 YES YES NO
Biometric Information: physiological, biological or behavioral characteristics that can be used alone or in combination with each other to establish individual identity, including DNA, imagery of the iris, retina, fingerprint, faceprint, hand, palm, vein patterns, and voice recordings, keystroke patterns or rhythms, gait patterns or rhythms, and sleep, health, or exercise data that contain identifying information.
 NO NO NO
Usage Data: internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, clickstream data, search history, and information regarding a resident’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement, including access logs and other activity information related to your use of any company websites, applications or other online services.
 YES YES NO
Geolocation Data: precise geographic location information about a particular individual or device.
 YES YES NO
Audio, Video and other Electronic Data: audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information such as, CCTV footage, photographs, and call recordings and other audio recording (e.g., recorded meetings and webinars).
 YES YES NO
Professional or employment-related information: Employment history, qualifications, licensing, disciplinary record.
 NO NO NO
Education Information: information about education history or background that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined in the federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C.
section 1232g, 34 C.F.R.
Part 99).
 NO NO NO
Profiles and Inferences: inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile reflecting a resident’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
 YES YES NO
California Residents’ Rights.
California law grants California residents certain rights and imposes restrictions on particular business practices as set forth below.

Do-Not-Sell.
California residents have the right to opt-out of Company’ sale of their personal information.
Please be advised that Company does not, and has not sold any personal information in the last 12 (twelve) months.
Likewise, Company does not have any future plans to sell personal information.
However, Company respects and understands that you may still want to ensure your personal information is not sold.
Therefore, if you would still like to proceed with your “do not sell my information” request, we ask that you kindly submit a request via email to privacyoffice@lionsgate.com that includes the following information: (1) first and last name, (2) email address.
and (3) zip code.

Initial Notice: We are required to notify California residents, at or before the point of collection of their personal information, the categories of personal information collected and the purposes for which such information is used.

Verifiable Requests to Delete and Requests to Know.
Subject to certain exceptions, California residents have the right to make the following requests, at no charge:
Request to Delete: California residents have the right to request deletion of their personal information that we have collected about them and to have such personal information deleted, except where an exemption applies.

Request to Know: California residents have the right to request and, subject to certain exemptions, receive a copy of the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about them in the prior 12 months and to have this delivered, free of charge, either (a) by mail or (b) electronically in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily useable format that allows the individual to transmit this information to another entity without hindrance.
California residents also have the right to request that we provide them certain information about how we have handled their personal information in the prior 12 months, including the:
categories of personal information collected
categories of sources of personal information
business and/or commercial purposes for collecting and selling their personal information
categories of third parties/with whom we have disclosed or shared their personal information
categories of personal information that we have disclosed or shared with a third party for a business purpose
categories of personal information collected.
and
categories of third parties to whom the residents’ personal information has been sold and the specific categories of personal information sold to each category of third party.

California residents may make a Request to Know up to twice every 12 months.

Submitting Requests. Do-Not-Sell (Opt-out) Requests, Requests to Know, and Requests to Delete may be submitted:
By contacting us at: privacyoffice@lionsgate.com.
Please specify the type of request in your email.We will respond to verifiable requests received from California residents as required by law.



Right to Non-Discrimination.
The CCPA prohibits discrimination against California residents for exercising their rights under the CCPA.
Discrimination may exist where a business denies or provides a different level or quality of goods or services, or charges (or suggests that it will charge) different prices, rates, or penalties on residents who exercise their CCPA rights, unless doing so is reasonably related to the value provided to the business by the residents’ data.


Financial Incentives.
A business may offer financial incentives for the collection, sale or deletion of California residents’ personal information, provided the incentive is not unjust, unreasonable, coercive or usurious, and is made available in compliance with applicable transparency, informed consent, and opt-out requirements.
California residents have the right to be notified of any financial incentives offers and their material terms, the right to opt-out of such incentives at any time, and may not be included in such incentives without their prior informed opt-in consent.
We do not offer any such incentives at this time.
12.
Contact Us.
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy please contact us at privacyoffice@lionsgate.com.
Terms Of Use
Privacy PolicyDo not sell my information







MenuGet UpdatesRedeem
Back
