
Thank you for placing your trust in Littleton Coin Company! We are committed to the security and privacy of your personal information.
Littleton Coin Company's privacy policy describes the information we collect, how we use it and how we secure it.
If you have any questions or feedback regarding this privacy policy, we welcome you to contact us at:

Littleton Coin Company, Inc. 1309 Mt.
Eustis Road Littleton NH 03561-3735
 Toll-free phone: 1-800-645-3122 (from anywhere in the U.S.) Fax: 1-603-444-0121
 CustomerService@LittletonCoin.com 
At Littleton Coin Company, we believe that understanding our customers' needs and expectations for products, services and information is an important part of building an enjoyable, interesting and satisfying long-term relationship.
Therefore, we've created this page so that you can have easy access to information about our privacy policies and how we use the information we may collect. Information We Collect We request information from you (including name, address, telephone number, email address and when necessary, credit card information and customer number) when you:

- Place an order from our catalogs or on our website
- Make a purchase in our retail store
- Request a catalog
- Pay for Club or Approval selections
- Create a Personal Profile on our website
- Subscribe to our email newsletter
- Return or exchange an item
- Receive a gift order
- Participate in a promotional event

We maintain this information you provide to us, along with a record of your purchases, in a secure database.
Occasionally we ask you for information about your collecting experience, numismatic interests, the way you buy coins and your age range.
We use this information to learn about collectors, their coin interests and experience, so we can provide you with better information and offers.
We also collect any email messages that you send to Littleton Coin Company, including information on your resume, if you send it to us. How We Use the Information We Collect Littleton Coin Company has a tradition, since 1945, of providing quality coins, paper money, related products and services that consistently meet or exceed our customers' needs and expectations.
To do this, the information we collect enables us to:

- Process and track your order
- Provide the services you request
- Contact you about the status of an order
- Send you catalogs or promotional offers we believe will be of interest to you
- Send you the Littleton Coin Collector Newsletter
- Identify your product and service preferences
- Personalize our communications to you
- Provide information concerning products you have purchased
- Improve our merchandise selection and customer service

We may use the information we collect when you visit our site to better fulfill your order, or to better serve you with the products and services we offer.
We may periodically contact you by email, traditional mail or telephone with information about your order or our products and services, and your phone number is not used by or shared with any business other than Littleton Coin Company. Sharing Information with Others Littleton Coin Company never shares your personal information with anyone, except for companies we contract with in order to conduct normal business.
You will never receive a telemarketing call or mailing from any other company as a result of doing business with Littleton Coin Company.
We contract with other companies to provide certain business services, such as credit card authorization, order processing, shipping, email distribution, market research, promotion management and analysis.
We provide these companies with only the information they need to perform their services, and work closely with them to ensure that your privacy is respected and protected.
These companies are prohibited by contract from using this information for their own marketing purposes and from sharing this information with anyone other than Littleton Coin Company.
Littleton Coin Company never rents, sells or gives your name, address, phone number or email address to other companies for marketing purposes.
If anyone ever claims to have gotten your name, address or number from Littleton Coin Company, please call us right away toll free at 1-800-645-3122 and provide us with the company name and contact information, if possible. How to Correct or Update Your Personal Information We maintain information about our customers so that we can better serve you.
You may review or update the personal information we have collected any time, contact us through email at CustomerService@LittletonCoin.com, call toll free at 1-800-645-3122 or log into our secure website and update your Personal Profile. Cookies and Pixel Tags A cookie is a small data file that is stored by your Web browser directly on your computer.
Cookies enable you to place an order on our website.
They also allow us to collect information to enhance and personalize your online shopping experience, so that the information you receive is more relevant to you, and to measure the success of our marketing efforts.
For example, we use cookies to:

- Remember what items are in your shopping cart
- Recognize you when you return to our website
- Enables faster checkout if you have created an account on LittletonCoin.com
- Deliver personalized marketing from Littleton Coin Company
- Study how our customers navigate through our website and which products they request in site searches

We also contract with third-party service providers, Google Analytics, which use cookies to collect and analyze data about your visit to our website.
If you set your browser to refuse cookies, please call us at 1-800-645-3122 to place your order.
We also use pixel tags – tiny graphic images – to tell us what parts of our website you have visited or to measure the effectiveness of any searches you may do on our site.
Pixel tags also enable us to send you emails in a format you can read and let us know when you have opened an email message from us.

We may also contract with third-party advertising companies to collect data and to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet.
To do this, they will collect anonymous information about your visits to this and other websites to target advertisements.
No personally Identifiable information is collected in this process.
To learn more about this practice, please visit https://www.networkadvertising.org/. How We Use Email Littleton Coin Company sends one email to confirm each order you place online and another email to alert you when the order has shipped.
We may use email to contact you with questions regarding your order.
We use email to answer your online questions to us or requests for information.
We send email newsletters containing promotions of products and services, news, trivia and information about upcoming events.
We do not share your email address with any other business or organization.
Occasionally, we may contact you via email to ask for permission to reprint what you have written, as a testimonial, for use on our website or in our printed materials.
We welcome your questions and suggestions.
We read each and every email we receive and respond in a timely manner. Your Choices Littleton Coin Company provides you with choices about the information you receive from us.
If you'd rather not receive mailings, email or other communication from Littleton Coin Company, please contact us at:

Littleton Coin Company, Inc. 1309 Mt.
Eustis Road Littleton NH 03561-3735
 Toll-free phone: 1-800-645-3122 (from anywhere in the U.S.) Fax: 1-603-444-0121

When contacting us, please be sure to give us your exact name and address or the mailing label from your catalog so we can identify you correctly.
Because our mailings are planned in advance, it may take several weeks for your request to become effective.
If you no longer want to receive our email newsletter, you may unsubscribe by following the instructions provided in each issue of the email newsletter.
Or by sending us an email to CustomerService@LittletonCoin.com with "unsubscribe" typed in the subject field. Links to Other Sites On our website, we provide links to other sites that we think you will enjoy.
These other sites operate independently of Littleton Coin Company and have established their own privacy and security policies.
We encourage you to review the privacy and security policies of any sites you visit. Security Littleton Coin Company understands your concerns about online security and recognizes that security remains the primary concern of online consumers.
We have significant controls in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we've collected from you.
LittletonCoin.com is a Norton Secured site.
This means that you may submit credit card and other sensitive information to our site with the assurance that all the information sent to us, if in an SSL session, is encrypted, protecting against disclosure to third parties.
To verify now, please click on the Norton Secured logo.
We use various technologies and processes for protection of our customer data, and we limit the information we provide to outside companies with whom we contract to what they need to carry out their responsibilities.
When you make a purchase, request a catalog or create an account on our website, you are doing so via our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol and 256-bit encryption technology to provide the highest level of security available.
Littleton Coin Company security features are automatic for shopping, payments, catalog requests - you do not need to take any action.
Once you click on Checkout, your browser checks for a digital certificate to confirm it is communicating with LittletonCoin.com and then allows you to continue with your order.
Littleton Coin Company uses Norton to enable the use of digital certificates.
Whenever you see the Norton Secured logo, you can click on it to verify that LittletonCoin.com is a secure site.
(This verification actually occurs automatically in the background every time you place an order on our site.) Privacy of Children Using our Website Littleton Coin Company's website is not intended for use by children under the age of 18, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under 18. Policy Changes Our privacy policy will be updated periodically and these changes may affect the way we use your personal information.
We suggest that you periodically review our privacy policy. Questions or Comments? We hope we've answered your questions about how we collect and use the information with which you provide us.
If you have other questions or suggestions, please contact at the address, phone, fax or email provided above in this policy.
