
        Privacy PolicyLittleCaesars.com - Privacy PolicyEffective Date: July 14, 2020
Download or print here.OverviewYou should read this entire Privacy Policy, but here is a partial list of some of the key topics.
Any capitalized terms have the meanings given to them where defined in the Privacy Policy.

Click here for a summary of each section of the Privacy Policy.
Click on the topic for full details.
We ask you for, and use technology to detect, information about you, which for some functionality includes your location.
Some of this information may be shared with others.
Click here for details.
Third parties may collect information about you and may use Tracking Technologies in connection with our Service, including the collection of information about your online activities over time and across third-party web sites or online services and across your devices.
Their privacy policies, not ours, govern their practices.
Click here for details and choices.
Currently, we do not monitor or take any action with respect to third party signals for the expression of choice regarding collection of info about an individual over time and across third-party web sites or online services, but you have other options regarding our tracking and/or targeting.
Click here for details and choices.
We do not share your Personal Information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without giving you the choice to give or withhold consent.

If you are a California consumer, you may exercise your consumer privacy rights.
You can learn more about our data practices and your rights under the Your CA Privacy Rights section.
Some features are geolocation and communications functionality and you consent to collection and use of related Personal Information and Usage Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy, but you have certain ability to exercise preferences regarding these features.
Click here for details.
You consent to our practices detailed in our Privacy Policy.
Each time you use the Services, the version of our Privacy Policy then posted will apply to that use, subject to Section 10, so you should check back each time you return for updates.
To prospectively change your consent, terminate your account and stop using the Service.
IntroductionWelcome! You have arrived at www.littlecaesars.com, www.littlecaesar.ca, http://franchise.littlecaesars.com, http://talkto.littlecaesars.com and/or are otherwise interacting with our Service (defined below), which is owned and operated by Little Caesar Enterprises, Inc., Little Caesar of Canada ULC, and/or related and affiliated entities (collectively, “LCE” or “we,” “our” or “us”).
This Privacy Policy (“General Privacy Terms”), along with the applicable country addendum, applicable to that countries’ residents (Click for: Canada Addendum or Mexico Addendum) (each, an “Addendum,” collectively, “Addenda,” and together with the General Privacy Terms, “Privacy Policy”) governs your use of any online service location that posts a link to this Privacy Policy (each a “Site”) except when we refer only to our mobile apps, in which case an “App”) (both mobile and online versions), and also applies to your use of interactive features, widgets, plug-ins, applications, content, downloads and/or other services that we own and control and make available through a Site and/or that posts a link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Service”), regardless of how you access or use them, whether via personal computers, mobile devices or otherwise, but does not apply to data we receive from third parties, unless we combine such data with Personal Information (defined below) that we have ourselves collected under this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to our data collection activities offline or otherwise outside of our Service (unless otherwise stated below or in an Addendum), and does not govern the data practices of third parties that may interact with our Service, or that operate LCE-branded online services under license and contract that we may link to, including http://www.littlecaesarsstuff.com and www.littlecaesarslistens.com, or that operate LCE-branded franchise store locations.
To the extent we provide you notice on our Service of different or additional privacy policies or practices, those additional terms shall govern such data collection and use.
In addition, please review the Service’s Terms of Service, which governs your use of the Service.
By using our Service, you consent to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service and our collection, use and sharing of your information and data, and other activities, as described below.Linkable Table of ContentsIt is important that you read and understand the entire Privacy Policy before using the Service.
To ease review, each section below contains a brief introductory summary and a link to the full explanation.
Click on the headings and the “More” buttons to be taken to the full explanation.
Any capitalized terms that appear in but are not otherwise defined in the introduction have the meanings given to them elsewhere in the Privacy Policy.

What Information Does the Service Collect?

We collect and receive certain information about you as you interact with our Service, explained further in this section.
More
a.
Information You Provide to Us
We may collect certain Personal Information and Demographic Information that you provide to us when you interact with the Service.
We may collect this information through various forms and in various places on the Service, by using newsletter registration forms, through “contact us” or customer service forms, or when you otherwise interact with the Service.
More
b.
Information We Collect or Store As You Access and Use the Service Generally
Certain information may be collected from you automatically when you access and use the Service.
We and third parties may use Tracking Technologies to collect Usage Information based on your Device Identifier.
We do not look for or respond to do not track signals, but you may have other options regarding tracking and/or targeting.
More
c.
Information Third Parties Provide About You
We may obtain information about you from third parties.
More
d.
Interactions with Third-Party Services
If you interact with third-party services, those services may send us information about you and you or we may send them information about you.
More
e.
Information You Provide About a Third Party
You may provide us information about others when you send a friend a message.
If so, the information you provide may be used to facilitate the communication, but will not be used for other marketing purposes unless your friend consents.
You may be identified to the friend in connection with such a message.
More

How Do We Use the Information Collected?

a.
Use of Information By Us
We use your Personal Information, Demographic Information and Usage Information for a variety of purposes detailed in this section.
More
b.
Location-Based Services
Location-based services help us use your location to better serve you and to identify stores near you and to make you localized offers.
More
c.
Contact Us
When you send us an inquiry, we will not use your contact information for marketing purposes unrelated to the inquiry unless you consent.
More
d.
Use of Information For Recruitment Purposes
If you apply for a job with us, we use the application information for considering you for a position.
More
e.
Fraud Prevention and Legal Obligations
We will use your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action if we think someone might be using information for illegal activities, fraud, or in ways that may threaten someone’s safety or violate of our Terms of Service or this Policy.
We will also use your personal information to comply with legal, regulatory, or governmental requests.
More

How and When Do We Share Information With Third Parties?

We may provide your information to third parties under various circumstances detailed in this section.
a.
When You Request Information From or Provide Information to Third Parties
If you request information from third parties, request that we send information to our franchise stores or other third parties (such as third party sites that we have licensed and that may use our name and logos including, www.littlecaesarsstuff.com and www.littlecaesarslistens.com), or interact with third-party services, content, ads or tools (Facebook and other third party share functionality) we may share your information with such parties and/or they may collect your information directly, as required for the transaction to be completed or your request to be fulfilled.
Gift cards and merchandise products are offered by third parties that operate LCE-branded sites we link to from the Service.
More
b.
Third Parties Providing Services on our Behalf
Our vendors and those that operate our e-commerce and job application sites we link to, may collect your information on our behalf or we may share it with them so that they may provide services to us and you.
Some may offer you choices regarding the collection and use of your information.
More
c.
To Protect the Rights of LCE and Our Users
There are a variety of administrative and legal reasons for which we may share some or all of your information.
We may also share your information to investigate, prevent or take action if we think someone might be using information for illegal activities, fraud, or in ways that may threaten someone’s safety or violate of our Terms of Service or this Policy.
We will also use your personal information to comply with legal, regulatory, or governmental requests.
More
d.
Affiliates and Business Transfer
We may share your information with our affiliates or in the event of a sale, merger or similar transaction.
More
e.
Co-Branded Areas
Information collection by us and third parties can occur on co-branded areas.
Such third parties’ privacy policies, not ours, govern their practices.
More
f.
Sweepstakes, Contests and Promotions
Promotions entrants may be required to consent to certain information sharing.
More
g.
EEOC/Affirmative Action Reporting
Employment application and self-identifying information may be shared with the government and other third parties.
More
h.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California consumer, you have certain rights to your information, including the right to know your information that has been collected, the right to request the deletion of your information, and the right to opt-out of the sale of your information.
More
i.
Your Connecticut Privacy Rights
We make good faith efforts to protect the security of Social Security numbers.
More

What About Information I Disclose Publicly or to Others?

a.
User-Generated Content and Public Information
Posting content in public areas makes it available to others.
We may share and use information you post for any reason in accordance with applicable law, this Privacy Policy, and our Terms of Service.
More
b.
Name and Likeness
You grant us the right to use your name and likeness in connection with your posting and activities.
More

Do Third-Party Content, Links to Third-Party Sites and/or Third-Party Apps Appear on the Service?

We may allow you to access third-party content on the Service, or to link to third-party applications and locations from the Service, but we are not responsible for your interaction with third-party content, apps, and locations.
More

Can I Exercise Preferences?

a.
Communications
You may cancel or modify our e-mail marketing communications you receive from us by following the instructions contained within our promotional e-mails.
More
b.
Features and Functionality
You may change certain functionality preferences on your Device, as more fully detailed in this section.
More
c.
Interest-Based Advertising
You may exercise certain choices regarding targeted advertising.
More
d.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about the Privacy Policy or practices, you should contact us.
More

What About Transfer of Information to the United States?

You consent to your data being transferred to the United States, which has different data protection laws than other countries.
More

What Should Parents Know About Children?

We do not intend to collect Personal Information from children.
If you think we have, let us know.
More

What About Security?

No data security is absolute, but we endeavor to take reasonable steps to secure data appropriately.
More

What About Changes to the Privacy Policy?

We may change this Privacy Policy upon posting of a revised Privacy Policy.
However, we will continue to treat your Personal Information under the terms of the privacy policy in effect when it was collected unless you otherwise consent.
MoreThe Full Detailed Privacy Policy1.
What Information Does the Service Collect?a.
Information You Provide to Us.

Personal Information and Demographic Information.
 On the Service, we may ask you to provide us (and/or our vendors) with the following categories of information: (1) personally identifiable information, which is information that identifies you personally, including your first and last name, phone number, e-mail address, home address, credit card information (“Personal Information”).
and (2) demographic information, including your zip code, frequency of visits, purchase amounts, physical characteristics (to assist customers with reach restrictions and/or visual impairments), and items purchased (“Demographic Information”).
We can collect this information through various forms and in various places on the Service or when you interact with the Service.
To the extent we combine Demographic Information with your Personal Information we collect directly from you on the Service, we will treat the combined data as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.b.
Information We Collect or Store As You Access and Use the Service Generally.In addition to any Personal Information or other information that you choose to submit to us via our Service, we and our third-party service providers may use a variety of technologies that store or collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with the Service (“Usage Information”).
This Usage Information may be stored or accessed using a variety of technologies that may be downloaded to your personal computer, browser, laptop, tablet, mobile phone or other device (a “Device”) whenever you visit or interact with our Service.
To the extent we associate Usage Information with your Personal Information we collect directly from you on the Service, we will treat it as Personal Information.
This Usage Information includes:

your IP address, UDID, advertising identifier, and device identifier (“Device Identifier”).
A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device used to access the Service, and our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier;
your Device functionality (browser, operating system, hardware, mobile network information);
the URL that referred you to our Service;
the areas within our Service that you visit and your activities there;
your Device location;
your Device characteristics.
and
Device data and the time of day.

Our App may access and read accounts, data and/or content on your Device, add content to your Device, and change settings of your Device, for the following reasons (i) allowing you to access and use the Service (or certain of its features and functions).
(ii) showing you the closest Little Caesars to you.
(iii) saving app images and sound files and writing usage logs to the Device.
(iv) sending Facebook and Twitter messages you initiate.
(v) sending and receiving data needed for App operations.
(vi) to provide you notice when you are not connected to a network.
and (vii) in connection with your Service usage.
You consent to these activities by installing the App or otherwise using the Service.
Your Device settings may enable you to disable, change or limit some of these activities (See Section 6 for more information) and you can disable all of them associated with the App by uninstalling the App.
We may use various now and later developed methods and technologies to store or collect Usage Information (“Tracking Technologies”).
Tracking Technologies may set, change, alter or modify settings or configurations on your Device.
The App may also receive signals from and otherwise interact with Tracking Technologies that exist in the physical world.
Tracking Technologies include:



Cookies.
 A cookie is a data file placed on a Device when it is used to visit the Service.
A Flash cookie (or locally shared object) is a data file placed on a Device via the Adobe Flash plug-in that may be built-in to or downloaded by you to your Device.
HTML5 cookies can be programmed through HTML5 local storage.
Unlike Flash cookies, HTML5 cookies do not require a plug-in.


Web Beacons.
 Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons (also known as “1x1 GIFs” or “clear GIFs”) may be included in our Service’s pages and messages.
Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a page or e-mail can act as a web beacon.
Web beacons or similar technologies can be used to count visitors to the Service, to monitor how users navigate the Service, to count how many e-mails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed.


Embedded Scripts.
 An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about the links you click on and other of your interactions with the Service.
The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our web server or a third party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Service, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.


Browser Fingerprinting.
 Collection and analysis of information from your Device, including your operating system, plug-ins, and system fonts, for purposes of identification.


ETag, or Entity Tag.
 A feature of the cache in browsers.
It is an opaque identifier assigned by a web server to a specific version of a resource found at a URL.
If the resource content at that URL ever changes, a new and different ETag is assigned.
Used in this manner, ETags are a form of Device Identifier.
ETag tracking may generate unique tracking values even where the consumer blocks HTTP, Flash, and/or HTML5 cookies.


Location-Identifying Technologies.
 Additionally, the Services may use GPS (global positioning systems) software, RFID (radio frequency identification), cellular and Wi-Fi data, and other subsequent location-based technologies and methods later developed.
These can use geo-fencing and iBeacons to locate you so we may verify your location, provide directions to our nearest Little Caesars, coordinate the preparation of your order based on your distance from a Little Caesars, deliver you relevant content based on your location, as well as monitor via the Service the efficiency of the services we provide to you.
Upon downloading the App, we provide location-based services to your approximate and/or exact location information.
Geo-fencing utilizes GPS and RFID signals to create a virtual boundary around a geographic area of our choosing, thereby allowing us to determine when you are in proximity to a Little Caesars.
In addition to traditional GPS location-based services, some of the retailers and others we work with may install low power Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, radio transmitters, or other devices in physical locations, which emit a signal that the App can detect to pinpoint your location or otherwise interact with the App (“iBeacons”).
Because iBeacons are more precise than GPS, we can improve the Services and send you more specific and relevant messages and offers.
In addition, we can track the efficiency of the service you receive from Little Caesars, by knowing when you enter or exit a Little Caesars or when you arrive in the parking lot for a carryout order.
You should consider the pros and cons involved in disclosing your location information to us and to other people.
Your Device settings may enable you to disable, change or limit some of these activities (See Section 6 form more information).

There may be other Tracking Technologies now and later devised and used by us in connection with the Service.


Tracking Technologies Choices and Consent.


We are giving you detailed notice of the Tracking Technologies and your limited choices regarding them so that your consent is meaningfully informed.
We may also provide you with a choice as to the level of data you share with us.
The Service may be limited and some features may not be available based on what data you elect and/or consent to share with us.
For more information on how to exercise preferences as to our features, functionality and communications, see Section 6, for choices regarding our service providers see Section 3(b),and for options regarding advertising and advertisers see Section 6(d).
Regular cookies may generally be disabled or removed by tools that are available as part of most commercial browsers, and in some but not all instances can be blocked in the future by selecting certain settings.
Each browser you use will need to be set separately and different browsers offer different functionality and options in this regard.
Also, these tools may not be effective with regard to Flash cookies or HTML5 cookies or other Tracking Technologies.
For information on disabling Flash cookies go to Adobe’s website http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-third-party-local-shared.html.
Please be aware that if you disable or remove these technologies some parts of our Services may not work and that when you revisit our Services your ability to limit browser-based Tracking Technologies is subject to your browser settings and limitations.
Tracking Technologies in connection with App usage outside of a browser can only be disabled by uninstalling the App.
To uninstall an app, follow the instructions from your operating system or handset manufacturer.
For information on third party Tracking Technologies and browser Do Not Track signals, see the next section.


Third Party Tracking and Do Not Track.


Third parties may use Tracking Technologies in connection with our Service.
They may do so to enable the collection of information about your online activities over time and across third-party web sites or online services.
We may not control those Tracking Technologies and we are not responsible for them.
However, you consent to potentially encountering third party Tracking Technologies in connection with use of our Service and accept that our statements under this Privacy Policy regarding our practices do not apply to the Tracking Technologies or practices of such third parties.
For more information on our vendors, and their Tracking Technologies, click here.
Also, various third parties are developing or have developed signals or other mechanisms for the expression of consumer choice regarding the collection of information about an individual consumer’s online activities over time and across third-party web sites or online services.
Currently, we do not monitor or take any action with respect to these signals or other mechanisms.
However, some of our vendors may.
For more information on their practices, click here.c.
Information Third Parties Provide About You.We may receive information about you from your friends and others that use the Service, when they submit content to us or post or interact with the Service.
Additionally, we may, from time to time, supplement the information we collect directly from you on our Service with outside records from third parties.
To the extent we combine information we receive from those sources with your Personal Information we collect on the Service, it will be treated as Personal Information and we will apply this Privacy Policy to such combined information, unless we have disclosed otherwise.
For persons outside of Canada, in no other circumstances do our statements under this Privacy Policy apply to information we receive about you from third parties.d.
Interactions with Third-Party Services.The Service has functionality that allows certain kinds of interactions between the Service and a third-party web site or application.
The use of this functionality can involve the third-party operator providing Personal Information, to us.
You may have an option to use your Facebook, Google or other account provided by a third-party site or application to interact with our Service.
If we offer and you choose to use this functionality to access or use our Service, the third-party site or application may send Personal Information about you to us.
If so, we will then treat it as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy, since we are collecting it as a result of your accessing of and interaction on our Service.
In addition, we may provide third-party sites’ interfaces or links on the Service to facilitate your sending a communication from the Service.
We may use third parties to facilitate emails, tweets or Facebook postings.
These third parties may retain any information used or provided in any such communications or other activities and these third parties’ practices are not subject to our Privacy Policy.
LCE may not control or have access to your communications through these third parties.
Further, when you use third-party sites or services, you are using their services and not our services and they, not we, are responsible for their practices.
You should review the applicable third-party privacy policies before using such third-party tools on our Service.e.
Information You Provide About a Third Party.The Service may allow you to send someone else an invitation or other communication.
If so, the information you provide is used to facilitate the communication and is not used by us for any other marketing purpose unless we obtain consent from that person or we explicitly say otherwise.
You must have the permission of your family member or friend to provide us with their personal information.
You may only provide email addresses of friends with whom you have had direct voluntary two-way communications, and with whom it is reasonable to conclude you have a personal relationship considering shared interests, experiences, opinions and other relevant factors.
You may only provide email addresses of family members with whom you are related by marriage, a common-law partnership, or parent-child relationship, and with whom you have had direct voluntary two-way communication.
Please be aware that when you use any send-to-a-friend functionality on our Service, your contact information, name or user name and message may be included in the communication sent to your addressee(s), and the communication will indicate it was sent at your request and on your behalf.
Some of these tools may be third-party tools subject to third-party privacy policies as further detailed in Section 1(d) and Section 5.
Return to policy summary and navigation2.
How Do We Use the Information Collected?A.
GENERAL USEWe may use your Personal Information, Demographic Information or Usage Information that is subject to this Privacy Policy: (1) to provide you with information or services or process transactions that you have requested or agreed to receive, to send you electronic newsletters and push notifications (if you have elected to receive such notifications), to communicate with you about your use of the Services, or to provide you with special offers or promotional materials on behalf of us or third parties.
(2) to respond to any questions, comments, or requests that you have for us or for other customer service purposes.
(3) to enable you to participate in a variety of the Service’s features, including ordering a pizza and finding a nearby restaurant.
(4)	to facilitate a purchase you choose to make using the Service, including facilitating payment for your purchase.
(5) to process your registration with the Service, verify your information is active and valid, to manage your account, and to administer our customer loyalty program.
(6) to better understand how users access and use our Sites, Apps, and Services, both on an aggregated and individualized basis, in order to improve our Sites and Services and respond to user desires and preferences, and for other research and analytical purposes.
(7) to customize your experience on the Service, or to serve you specific content and offers that are relevant to or customized for you (including, without limitation, pricing and discounts based on your profile, location or history).
(8) to assist us in determining relevant advertising and to determine the success of our advertising campaigns and to help us determine where to place our ads, including ads placed on other websites.
(9) to administer surveys and questionnaires, such as for market research or customer satisfaction purposes.
(10) to contact you with regard to your use of the Service and, in our discretion, changes to the Service and/or Service’s policies.
(11) for purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information.
(12) for security purposes.
(13)	to comply with legal obligations, as part of our general business operations, and for other business administration purposes.
(14)	where we believe we need to in order to investigate, prevent or take action if we think someone might be using information for illegal activities, fraud, or in ways that may threaten someone’s safety or violate of our Terms of Service or this Policy.
and (15) otherwise to the extent not prohibited by applicable law except to the extent set forth in this Privacy Policy.

b.
LOCATION-BASED SERVICES. We may use your location information in connection with the Service.
We may use proximity to Tracking Technologies existing in the physical world that the App interacts with including iBeacons in a retail store, which can enable us to display nearby Little Caesars locations, menus and offers, or to enable or verify certain actions.

c.
CONTACT US. Please note that information submitted to the Service via a “contact us”, customer service or other similar function may not receive a response.
we will not use that information so provided to contact you for marketing purposes unrelated to your inquiry unless you agree otherwise.

d.
RECRUITMENT PURPOSES. Where you have provided us with Personal Information or Demographic Information as part of an online application for employment or internship, we may use that information in order to allow us to make an informed decision about whether to proceed with your application.
We may, as part of this recruitment process, collect information about your education, employment history and similar matters.
Where this Personal Information or Demographic Information is considered to be sensitive, you expressly consent to our processing of this information for recruitment purposes by submitting it to us.
Return to policy summary and navigation3.
How and When Do We Share Information with Third Parties?We may share your in-App information, your username, and your activities with other users of the Service or the public.
We may share non-Personal Information, including aggregated user statistics, with third parties.
For instance, if we de-identify data about you, it is not treated as Personal Information by us, and we may share it with others freely.
We may share Personal Information and non-Personal Information related to your transactions with third parties, including franchisees, in connection with, and for purposes related to, the transactions.
For example, if you use the Service to make a purchase with one of our LCE-branded franchise store locations, we may share personal information related to your purchase with that location.
We may share your Device Identifiers with third parties along with other Usage Information and data related to you and your activities, for the purposes set out in this Policy.
However, we do not share your Personal Information that we have collected directly from you on our Service with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes unless we have given you the ability to choose to consent or withhold consent to such sharing at the time you provide your Personal Information, in which case we will honor your choice.
We may share your Personal Information and other information with our franchise stores and vendors in connection with a consumer service inquiry or complaint for the purpose of responding.
We will also disclose your information where we believe it is appropriate to do so to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which Little Caesars is involved.

In addition, we may share your Personal Information, and other information we have collected about you as disclosed at the time you provide your information and as described below or otherwise to the extent not prohibited by applicable law except to the extent set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Any of these transfers may be of local or cross-border nature.
Without limitation, LCE may disclose your information as follows:a.
When You Request Information From or Provide Information to Third Parties.You may be presented with an option on our Service to receive certain information and/or marketing offers directly from third parties.
If you choose to do so, your Personal Information and other information may be collected by or disclosed to such third parties and all information you disclose will be subject to the third-party privacy policies and practices of such third parties.
In addition, third parties may store, collect or otherwise have access to your information when you interact with their Tracking Technologies, content, tools apps or ads on our Service or link to them from our Service.
Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest or other third-party tools can do this and by so interacting with such third party tools you consent to such third party practices.
So can third parties that we may link to, including www.littlecaesarsstuff.com, www.littlecaesarslistens.com, and other third parties that operate LCE branded sites under license and contract.
We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of such third parties and, therefore, you should review such third-party privacy policies and practices of such third parties prior to requesting information from or otherwise interacting with them.b.
Third Parties Providing Services on Our Behalf.We use third-party vendors to perform certain services on behalf of us or the Service, including hosting the Service, designing and/or operating the Service’s features, tracking the Service’s activities and analytics, detecting and preventing fraud, and enabling us to send you communications, special offers or perform other administrative services.
We may provide these vendors with access to Usage Information, Personal Information and other user data, to carry out the services they are performing for you or for us.
Third-party analytics and other service providers may set and access their own Tracking Technologies on your Device and they may otherwise collect or have access to your Personal Information and other information about you.
We are not responsible for those third party technologies or activities arising out of them.
However, some may offer you certain choices regarding their practices, and information we have been informed of regarding such choices is available here.
We are not responsible for the effectiveness of or compliance with any third party.
Others may also offer you certain choices regarding their practices.
One way to determine this is to add the free Ghostery plug-in to your browser (www.ghostery.com), which according to Ghostery will display for you traditional, browser-based cookies associated with the web sites (but not mobile apps) you visit and privacy and opt-out policies and options of the parties operating those cookies.
We are not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of this tool.c.
To Protect the Rights of LCE and Our Users.To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we may also disclose your information if we believe in good faith that doing so is necessary or appropriate: (i) to protect or defend the rights, safety or property of LCE or third parties.
(ii)to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, or suspected fraud.
(iii) to enforce this Policy, our Terms of Service, and other applicable agreements and policies.
(iv) as evidence in litigation in which we or our franchisees may be involved.
and (v) to comply with legal and regulatory obligations and, to the extent not prohibited by applicable law, law enforcement requests.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we have complete discretion in electing to make or not make such disclosures, and to contest or not contest requests for such disclosures, all without notice to you.d.
Affiliates and Business Transfer.We may share your Device Identifiers and Personal Information, Demographic Information, Usage Information and other information with our parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (“Affiliates”), except as specifically set forth in this Privacy Policy or at the point of collection.
We also reserve the right to disclose and transfer all such information: (i) to a subsequent owner, co-owner or operator of the Service or applicable database.
or (ii) in connection with a merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of our interests and/or assets or other corporate change, and during the course of any due diligence process.e.
Co-Branded Areas.Certain areas of the Service can be provided to you in association with third parties (“Co-Branded Areas”).
Sponsors, co-promotional partners and other third parties may require you to disclose Personal Information to them on Co-Branded Areas.
Such Co-Branded Areas will identify the third party and indicate if they have a privacy policy that applies to their collection and use of your information.
If you elect to register for products and/or services, communicate with such third parties or download their content or applications, at Co-Branded Areas, you may be providing your information to both us and the third party.
Further, if you sign-in to a Co-Branded Area with a username and password obtained on the Service, your Personal Information may be disclosed to the identified third parties for that Co-Branded Area.
We are not responsible for such third party’s data collection or practices and you should look to such third party privacy policies for more information.f.
Sweepstakes, Contests and Promotions.We may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions (any, a “Promotion”) through the Service that may require registration.
By participating in a Promotion, you are agreeing to official rules that govern that Promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you and that allow the sponsor of the Promotion to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the Promotion.
If you choose to enter a Promotion, Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law or permitted by the Promotion’s official rules.g.
EEOC/ Affirmative Action Reporting.In conjunction with laws and regulations enforced by the United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (“EEOC”), the United States Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (“OFCCP”) and similar State and local regulatory agencies, we can ask you to provide us with certain specific self-identifying information.
Providing such self-identifying information is voluntary, but if you do provide us with such information, we may submit that information, to the EEOC, the OFCCP and similar State and local regulatory agencies or otherwise use or disclose it for responding to information requests, fulfilling regulatory reporting requirements, defending against employment related complaints and other business-related purposes.h.
Your California Privacy Rights.If you a California consumer, you have specific rights regarding your personal information.
This section describes your rights under California law and explains how to exercise those rights.


 Categories of Personal Information Collected

CategoryTypes of InformationPersonal IdentifiersFirst and last name, alias, postal address, country, email address, social security number, telephone and/or mobile telephone number(s), internet protocol (IP) address, device identification number, advertising identification number, UDIDPersonal Information under California Customer Records StatuteFirst and last name, alias, postal address, country, email address, social security number, telephone and/or mobile telephone number(s), physical characteristics or description, education, employment, employment history, credit card number, debit card number, financial information, medical informationProtected CharacteristicsRace, color, national origin, religion, gender (including pregnancy), disability, age (if the employee is at least 40 years old), and citizenship statusCommercial InformationPurchase and order history, favorites, and preferencesInternet or Network ActivityBrowsing history, search history, purchase and order history, and website, application, and advertisement interaction(s)Location DataPostal address, geolocation data, device locationSensory InformationVisual and/or reach limitationsProfessional or Employment-Related InformationEmployment, employment history, education, referencesEducation InformationEducational institution, area of study, degree, grade point average, graduation yearInferencesInferences drawn from your information to create a profile about your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, or aptitudes
*  Some personal data included in this category may overlap with other categories.





No Sale of Personal Information


In the last 12 months, we have not sold any personal information collected as part of these health screenings to any third parties, and we will not sell any information collected under this Privacy Policy.
We also have not and will not sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age to non-affiliated third parties without affirmative consent.


Right to Know About Personal Information Collected, Used, or Disclosed


You have the right to request that we share with you certain information to you about our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information over the past 12 months.
You can request that we disclose to you: (1) the categories of personal information we collected about you.
(2) the categories of sources for the personal information.
(3) our business or commercial purpose for collecting or disclosing that personal information.
(4) the categories of third parties with whom we shared that personal information.
and (5) the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you in the preceding 12 months.
We will only share this information with you after we have verified that it is you making the request.


 Right to Delete Personal Information Collected or Maintained


You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that have collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions.
When you make a deletion request, we will permanently delete your personal information from our records, unless a legal exception to deletion applies.
In our response to your request to delete, we will tell you the method for deleting your personal information.
In some circumstances, we may have to refuse your request for deletion, and we will tell you the basis for this refusal.
We will only respond to a deletion request after we have verified your request and identity.



 Right to Non-Discrimination for Exercise of Privacy Rights


We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights by: (1) denying you goods or services.
(2) charging you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
(3) providing you a different level or quality of goods or services.
or (4) suggesting that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.


 Exercising Your Rights


To exercise your rights, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:


Calling us at 1-800-722-3727 and asking to be directed to the Legal Department
Emailing us at Privacy-USA@lcecorp.com




 Authorizing an Agent


You may designate an authorized agent to submit your consumer request on your behalf, so long the authorized agent has your written permission to do so and you have taken steps to verify your identity directly with us.


 Verifying Your Request


We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
To verify your identity, we ask that you to provide us with the following information when you submit your request: (1) first name.
(2) last name.
and (3) phone number or email.
We will use the above information to verify your identity.
Depending on your type of request or the information requested by you, we may require additional information to verify your identity and fulfill your request.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period.


 California “Shine the Light”


We comply with California Civil Code Section 1798.83 by not sharing your personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you have been given the choice to consent or withhold consent, in which case we will honor your choice.
If you are a California resident, you may request information about our compliance with the Shine the Light law by contacting us in the following ways: Postal Mail: 2211 Woodward Ave, Detroit, MI 48201, Attn: Legal/Marketing.
By e-mail here We disclose our tracking and “do not track practices in Section 1(b) and CA minor’s rights to certain removal of their posts in Section 8.i.
Your Connecticut Privacy Rights.Connecticut law requires any person or entity that collects Social Security numbers from Connecticut residents in the course of business to create a privacy protection policy and to publish or display it publicly.
It is our policy to protect the confidentiality of Social Security numbers in our possession from misuse and improper disclosure by maintaining and enforcing policies and physical and electronic safeguards against misuse and improper disclosure.
Unlawful disclosure of Social Security numbers is prohibited, and access to them is limited to personnel who need access to such information in order to perform their job functions.
Return to policy summary and navigation4.
What About Information I Disclose Publicly Or To Others?a.
User-Generated Content and Public Information.If the Service permits you to submit content (“User Content”), we or others may store, display, reproduce, publish, distribute or otherwise use User Content online or offline in any media or format (currently existing or hereafter developed) and may or may not attribute it to you.
You choose what User Content you submit.
You may be able to submit ideas, photographs, user profiles, writings, music, video, audio recordings, computer graphics, pictures, data, questions, comments, suggestions and Personal Information on blogs and message boards, which are public.
Others may have access to this User Content and may have the ability to share it with third parties.
Please think carefully before deciding what information and Personal Information you share, in connection with your User Content.
Please note that LCE does not control who will have access to the information that you choose to make public, and cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy or keep it secure.
We are not responsible for the privacy or security of any information that you make publicly available on the Service or what others do with information you share with them on the Service.
We are not responsible for the accuracy, use or misuse of any User Content that you disclose or receive from third parties through the Service.
California minors should see Section 8 regarding removal of certain content they have posted on our Service.
We are not responsible for User Content you submit to third party services via our Service.b.
Name and Likeness.We may also publish your name, voice, likeness and Personal Information that is part of your User Content, and we may use the content, or any portion of the content, for advertising, marketing, publicity and promotional activities.
For full terms and conditions regarding User Content you submit to the Service, please review our Terms of Service.
Return to policy summary and navigation5.
Do Third-Party Content, Links To Third-Party Sites, and/or Third-Party Apps Appear on the Service?The Service may contain content that is supplied by a third party, and those third parties may collect Usage Information and your Device Identifier when pages from the Service are served to you.
In addition, when you are on the Service you may be directed to other services that are operated and controlled by third parties that we do not control.
We are not responsible for the data collection and privacy practices employed by any of these third parties or their services and they may be tracking you across multiple sites and may be sharing the results of that tracking with us and/or others.
If you “click” on a link, the “click” may take you off the Service onto a different site.
We link to https://www.littlecaesarsstuff.com and https://www.littlecaesarslistens.com, which are third party websites using our name under license but with their own terms and policies.
These other sites can choose to associate their Tracking Technologies with you, independently collect your Personal Information and other data about you, and may or may not have their own published privacy policies.
Third-party applications may also be available via the Service.
The owners of these applications (“Third-Party Owners”) may collect Personal Information and other data from you and may have their own policies and practices.
We are not responsible for how Third-Party Owners or their applications collect or use your information and they may be tracking you across multiple sites and may be sharing the results of that tracking with us and/or others.
These Third-Party Owners may have their own terms of service, privacy policies or other policies and ask you to agree to the same.
We are not responsible for these third-party privacy policies or the practices of Third-Party Owners.
Be sure to review any available policies before submitting any personally identifiable information to a third-party application or otherwise interacting with it and exercise caution in connection with these applications.
We also encourage you to note when you leave our Service and to review the third-party privacy policies of all third-party locations and exercise caution in connection with them.
Return to policy summary and navigation6.
Can I Exercise Preferences?a.
Communications.You may cancel or modify our e-mail and other electronic marketing communications you receive from us by following the instructions contained within our promotional e-mails or other electronic communications.
This will not affect subsequent subscriptions and if your opt-out is limited to certain types of electronic communications the opt-out will be so limited.
Subsequent or different subscriptions will be unaffected.
Please note that we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to your account or use of our Service, and administrative and service announcements.
These transactional account messages will be unaffected if you choose to opt-out from receiving our marketing communications.b.
Features and Functionality.All of the App’s features and functionality, and its related data collection, can be terminated by uninstalling the App and you can use the App’s, the Service’s or the Device’s settings to set and change some settings and control some functions.
Where a user of the Services requests features or functionality that uses a third party service, the user’s options for managing sharing services are provided through that third party’s services.
We are not responsible for the acts, omissions or policies of such third parties.
For more information on our service providers see Section 3(b), and on third party services see Section 5.c.
Interest-Based Advertising.Certain companies may participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) AdChoices Program and may display an Advertising Option Icon for Interest-based Ads that links to an opt-out tool which allows you to exercise certain choices regarding targeting.
You can learn more about the DAA AdChoices Program at http://www.youradchoices.com/ and its opt-out program for mobile apps at http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices.
In addition, certain advertising networks and exchanges may participate in the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”).
NAI has developed a tool that allows consumers to opt out of certain Interest-based Ads delivered by NAI members' ad networks.
To learn more about opting out of such targeted advertising or to use the NAI tool, see http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
Please be aware that, even if you are able to opt out of certain kinds of Interest-based Ads, you will continue to receive non-targeted ads.
Further, opting out of one or more NAI or DAA members only means that those selected members should no longer under the DAA / NAI rules deliver certain targeted ads to you.
This will affect services provided by the applicable DAA / NAI members, but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads from non-participating parties.
Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit the opt-out page, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different Device or web browser(s), or use a non-browser-based method of access, your NAI / DAA browser-based opt-out may not, or may no longer, be effective.
Mobile device opt-outs will not affect browser-based Interest-based Ads even on the same device, and you must opt-out separately for each device.
LCE is not responsible for the effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third-parties’ opt-out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs.
However, LCE supports the ad industry’s 2009 Self-regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (http://www.iab.net/media/file/ven-principles-07-01-09.pdf) and expect that ad networks LCE directly engages to serve you Interest-based Ads will do so as well, though LCE cannot guaranty their compliance.d.
Contact Us.If you have any questions about the Privacy Policy or practices described in it, you should contact us in the following ways: Postal Mail: 2211 Woodward Ave, Detroit, MI 48201, Attn: Legal/Marketing.
By e-mail here
Return to policy summary and navigation7.
What About Transfer of Information to the United States?Our Service is operated in the United States and intended for users located in the United States, Canada and Mexico.
This Privacy Policy is supplemented by the Canada Addendum and Mexico Addendum for residents of such countries.
If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that Personal Information and other information we collect, will be transferred to, and processed, stored and used in the United States.
The data protection laws in the United States may differ from those of the country in which you are located, and your Personal Information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in the United States according to laws of the United States.
By using the Service or providing us with any information, to the extent permitted under applicable law, you consent to the transfer to, and processing, usage, sharing and storage of your Personal Information and other information, in the United States as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Return to policy summary and navigation8.
What Should Parents Know About Children?We understand the importance of protecting children’s privacy in the interactive world.
We do not use the Service to knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen (13) that requires parental notice and consent under the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) without such parental consent.
The only portions of our Service that is appropriate for a child under 13 years of age will be identified as such, and we will not collect personal information in those areas unless we comply with COPPA.
In the event that we become aware that we have collected personal information from any child, we will dispose of that information in accordance with COPPA and other applicable laws and regulations.
If you are a parent or guardian and you believe that your child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information without COPPA-required consent, please contact us here.
Return to policy summary and navigation9.
What About Security?We endeavor to incorporate commercially reasonable safeguards to help protect and secure your Personal Information.
However, no data transmission over the Internet, mobile networks, wireless transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Please note that we cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to us, and you use our Service and provide us with your information at your own risk.
Return to policy summary and navigation10.
What About Changes to the Privacy Policy?We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time.
Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy and your use of our Service indicates your consent to the privacy policy posted at the time of use.
However, we will not use your previously collected Personal Information in a manner materially different than represented at the time it was collected without your consent.
To the extent any provision of this Privacy Policy is found by a competent tribunal to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be severed to the extent necessary for the remainder to be valid and enforceable.
Return to policy summary and navigation
The following third parties that collect information from you on the Service have given us notice that you may obtain information on their policies and practices, and in some instances opt-out of certain of their activities, as follows:
Party
Service
For More Information
Use of Tracking Technologies
Privacy Choices OfferedBing AdsBing Network, ad serving including interest-based adshttps://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/user-safety-and-privacy-policiesYesYes, see https://choice.microsoft.com/en-US/opt-outDoubleclick by GoogleAd management, ad serving and related service, including interest-based adshttp://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Privacy Mattersc/o Google Inc.1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043YesYes, see http://www.aboutads.info/choices/Google AdWordsGoogle ad network services, including interest-based adshttp://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Privacy Mattersc/o Google Inc.1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043YesYes, see https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en and http://www.aboutads.info/choices/Google AnalyticsAnalytics and related serviceshttp://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Privacy Mattersc/o Google Inc.1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043YesYes, see https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptoutGoogle Dynamic RemarketingGoogle ad network services, including interest-based adshttp://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Privacy Mattersc/o Google Inc.1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043YesYes, see https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en and http://www.aboutads.info/choices/Media Innovation GroupAd management, ad serving and related servicehttp://www.themig.com/en-us/privacy.html
Media Innovation Group LLC
Attn: Legal Department132 West 31st Street, 11th Floor
New York, New York 10001
Email: privacy@themig.comYesYes, see http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ and http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/My Fonts CounterA beacon is used to track and report the number of pageviews on the Service.http://www.myfonts.com/info/terms-and-conditions/#Privacy
MyFonts Inc.Attention: Legal Department600 Unicorn Park DriveWoburn, MA 01801Email: privacy@myfonts.comYesNone specifically offered by My Font.TwitterSocial Media Widgethttps://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en
Twitter, Inc.1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA, 94103Email: privacy@twitter.comYesSome, see https://help.twitter.com/en/safety-and-security/privacy-controls-for-tailored-adsYahooGemini, Native advertising solutions ad tracking by Yahoo.https://policies.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/privacy/index.htm
Yahoo! Inc.Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues
701 First Avenue
Sunnyvale, CA 94089
(408) 349-5070YesYes, for Yahoo ads only.
See https://policies.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/privacy/adinfo/index.htmYellow PagesYP Search Marketplace, tracks data source that is used for conversion.http://corporate.yp.com/privacy-policy/
YP
Attn: Privacy,
611 N.
Brand Blvd., 5th floor
Glendale, CA 91203
Email: ypcsupport@yp.comYesYes
http://corporate.yp.com/privacy-policy/
then see, “What privacy choices do you have?”PLEASE NOTE: We are not responsible for third-party policies or practices.
We try to keep this information current, and will add to and subtract from the chart above as appropriate, but it is provided as a courtesy and may not be current or accurate.
Please contact the applicable third parties regarding their privacy and data security policies and practices.Canada AddendumThis Addendum applies to residents of Canada in addition to the General Privacy Terms.
All terms not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the General Privacy Terms.
For residents of Canada, the Privacy Policy applies to all Personal Information collected, used, or disclosed by LCE.
“Personal Information” includes all information about an identifiable individual, including Personal Information as defined in the General Privacy Terms, and Demographic Information or Usage Information we may combine with such Personal Information.
We may share your Personal Information, including your Device Identifiers and Personal Information, Demographic Information and Usage Information with our parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (“Affiliates”), for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, or such other purposes as may be permitted by applicable law, except as specifically set forth in this Privacy Policy or at the point of collection.
What Should Parents Know About Children?
We understand the importance of protecting children’s privacy in the interactive world.
We do not use the Service to knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen (13) without parental consent.
The only portions of our Service that are appropriate for a child under 13 years of age will be identified as such (e.g., a games or kid’s section), will not be open to residents of the province of Quebec, and we will not collect personal information in those areas except in compliance with applicable law.
In the event that we become aware that we have collected personal information from any child, we will dispose of that information in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations.
If you are a parent or guardian and you believe that your minor child has provided us with personal information, please contact us here.
Security
We endeavor to incorporate commercially reasonable safeguards to help protect and secure your Personal Information, including physical, organizational, and technological safeguards.
However, no data transmission over the Internet, mobile networks, wireless transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Please note that we cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to us, and you use our Service and provide us with your information at your own risk.
Personal Information may be accessed by persons within our organization, or our third party service providers, who require such access to carry out the purposes indicated in this Privacy Policy, or otherwise disclosed to you.
Personal Information we collect is managed from our offices located in Detroit, Michigan.
Accessing and Correcting your Personal Information
You have a right to request access to your Personal Information and to request a correction to it if you believe it is inaccurate.
If you have submitted Personal Information to us and would like to have access to it, or if you would like to have it removed or corrected, please contact us at 2211 Woodward Ave., Detroit, MI 48201, Attn: Legal/Marketing.
We will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request.
however, in some cases we may not be able to allow you to access certain Personal Information in certain circumstances, for example if it contains Personal Information of other persons, or for legal reasons.
In such cases, we will provide you with a reasonable explanation of why it is not possible to grant access to your Personal Information.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about the Privacy Policy or practices described in it, you should contact our “Privacy Officer” in the following ways: Postal Mail: 2211 Woodward Ave, Detroit, MI 48201, Attn: Legal/Marketing.
By e-mail privacycnd@lcecorp.com.Mexican AddendumThe Privacy Policy (or Privacy Notice), as amended by this Addendum, applies to all residents and users within the territory of the United Mexican States (“Mexico”).
All terms not specifically defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the General Privacy Terms.
Responsible Entity.
The responsible entity for the collection and handling of your information is Little Caesar Enterprises, Inc whose address is:
2211 Woodward Ave., Detroit, Michigan 48201, USA
Use of Information by Us.
As noted in our Privacy Policy we may use your Personal Information, Demographic Information or Usage Information, in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy, for marketing purposes, so as to send you electronic newsletters or to provide you with special offers or promotional materials on behalf of us or third parties.
Use of your information for marketing purposes is not essential for you to use the Service.
Hence, we provide you a number of choices to manage your preferences.
Please see all different choices here.
EEOC/Affirmative Action Reporting in Mexico.
Sensitive personal data, as defined under Mexican data protection laws, of users within Mexico and of Mexican residents will not be transferred to the U.S.
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (“EEOC”).
Disagreement with the Privacy Policy
If you disagree with the purposes of the collection of Personal Information and Demographic Information, you have up to 5 (five) days after your first use of a Site to revoke your acceptance of the Privacy Policy by sending an email to privacidad@lcecorp.com with the headline “DO NOT USE MY INFORMATION” followed by your full name and email address.
If you do not revoke your acceptance of the Privacy Policy within the required 5 (five)-day period, it will be understood as accepting said purposes.
If you elect to revoke your acceptance of the Privacy Policy you shall promptly cease use of any Site and uninstall the App.
If you subsequently use a Site or install or use the App after delivery of your email, your prior revocation of the Privacy Policy shall not apply, thus a new relationship with the Site and/or App will be then created.
Information Transfer
By using the Site or the App, you are accepting the sharing of your Personal Information, Demographic Information and Usage Information in accordance with the terms of our Privacy Policy.
If you do not express your disagreement with the transferring of your Personal Information, Demographic Information and Usage Information, by not accepting the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy in the relevant ticking box, it will be understood as implicitly accepting it.
You may elect to revoke your acceptance of the Privacy Policy by following the procedures provided below.
How to Exercise your ARCO Rights?
You are entitled to know what information we have about you, what we use the information for and the terms and conditions for such use (Access).
Moreover, you have the right to request a correction of your Personal Information, Demographic Information and Usage Information if it is not up-to-date, incomplete or inaccurate (Rectify).
You may also request for us to delete your information from our records when you think it is not being used according to our written Privacy Policy and applicable law (Cancelation).
You may also request that your personal information not be used for specific activities (Objection).
These rights are commonly known as ARCO Rights.
To exercise any of your ARCO Rights, please send an email to: privacidad@lcecorp.com with the headline “ARCO RIGHTS” (“ARCO Notice”).
Your written ARCO Notice must include the following information:


Full name


Contact information (email address, phone number and/or mailing address)


Which right you wish to exercise


Copy of an official government issued ID


We will respond to your ARCO Notice within twenty (20) business days after receipt of your ARCO Notice (or any longer period permitted by applicable law).
In connection with exercising your ARCO rights, upon your written request we may provide you information regarding: (i) the information that you or your legal representative will be asked to provide (if any) and documents that you may need to enclose with your ARCO Notice.
(ii) timeframes by which we will respond to your ARCO Notice.
(iii) forms and templates available for submitting the ARCO Notice (if any) and.
(iv) how we will deliver the information you request in your ARCO Notice to you (which usually would be copies of documents or data messages).
I no longer want you to use my Personal Information and Demographic Information
If you no longer agree with the Privacy Policy you may revoke your acceptance of the Privacy Policy by sending an email to privacidad@lcecorp.com with the headline “WITHDRAWAL OF CONSENT” along with your full name and username.
Up to 20 (twenty) days after, you will receive an email confirming that you have been eliminated from our lists.
If you elect to revoke your acceptance of the Privacy Policy you shall promptly cease use of any Site and uninstall the App.
If you subsequently use a Site or install or use the App after delivery of your email, your prior revocation of the Privacy Policy shall not apply.
Therefore, a new relationship with the website and/or App will be created.
Contact Our Personal Information Department.
For any information, questions or complains about our Privacy Policy and practices and to receive notices, please contact us to the email address set out above.
Language
The Mexican Addendum is drafted in both Spanish and English and you have had the option to read this Addendum in both languages.
Furthermore, to the extent of any conflict between the terms and conditions of the English version and the Spanish version, the Spanish version shall prevail for the residents and users within Mexico.
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction for Users within the Mexican Territory
This Privacy Policy, as amended by this Addendum, shall be governed by Mexican laws for residents and users within Mexico, including the Federal Law for the Protection of Personal Information Held by Individuals (Ley Federal de Protección de Datos Personales en Posesión de los Particulares) and its corresponding regulations and all other applicable laws in that regard in Mexico, please tick the relevant box for the acceptance of this Privacy Policy to evidence your consent.
