
        1.
General
CYCL AG takes the protection of your personal data very seriously.
We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory Swiss data protection regulations, the European Data Protection Basic Regulation (DSGVO) and this data protection declaration.
The use of our websites (www.cycl.ch, www.matchpoint.social, www.condense.social, www.firestart.com, www.gennex.ch, www.claimsprovider.net) is generally possible without providing personal data.
Insofar as personal data (e.g.
name, address or e-mail addresses) is collected on our pages, this is always done on a voluntary basis as far as possible.
This data will not be passed on to third parties without your express consent.
We would like to point out that data transmission on the Internet (e.g.
communication by e-mail) can be subject to security gaps.
A complete protection of the data against access by third parties is not possible.
2.
Collection of Personal Data
In principle, we only collect personal data if it is necessary for the provision of the specific service.
You can visit our website without providing any personal information.
We only store access data without personal reference such as the name of your Internet service provider and your Internet browser, the page from which you visit us, the date and duration of your visit or the name of the requested file.
These data are evaluated exclusively for the improvement of our offer and do not allow any conclusion about your person.
Personal data that indicates the identity of the customer, such as name, address, postal address, delivery address, telephone number or e-mail address, are only collected on our websites if you voluntarily provide them to us when placing an order, registering for an event or webinar, downloading information, license keys or software, creating support tickets or registering for our newsletter or if you use the contact function on the website or otherwise contact us, for example by e-mail.
When ordering goods, we use the data provided by you without your separate consent exclusively for the fulfillment and processing of your order.
The customer's data will only be used to send a newsletter or mailings with the customer's prior consent.
This consent can be revoked at any time without giving reasons with effect for the future.
3.
Use of Personal Data
Mandatory and voluntary fields
Please note that there are mandatory fields for all data collected on the website.
These are marked with an asterisk, an input for the treatment of your inquiry is necessary.
All other information is voluntary.
If you also make entries in the other fields, these will be evaluated for statistical purposes and to improve our offer.
Purpose
Personal data that you transmit to us is used for the purposes for which you sent it to us.
These are for example the processing of your inquiry, the sending of our newsletter or the handling of your order or the confirmation of your participation in an event or webinar.
Use for advertising purposes
If you have expressly consented to the use of your personal data for advertising purposes, we will also use your personal data for information letters in order to send you current information from time to time, such as invitations to events or webinars, information on trends and current topics, or news on our services and products, by post and/or e-mail.
4.
To Pass on Personal Data to Third Parties
Your data will not be passed on unless CYCL is legally obliged to do so (e.g.
request from an investigating authority) or authorized to do so (e.g.
as part of order data processing), or unless you have expressly consented to the passing on of your data to third parties.
In particular, data will be passed on to third parties insofar as this is necessary to fulfill and process the contract.
These third parties are of course also obliged to protect your data and to use it only for the precisely specified purpose.
In addition, they are obliged to treat the data in accordance with this data protection declaration and the current legal situation.
5.
Transmission of Personal Data Abroad
We are also entitled to transfer your personal data to third companies (contracted service providers) abroad if this is appropriate for the data processing described in this data protection declaration.
These are obligated to the same extent as we ourselves to data protection.
If the level of data protection in a country does not correspond to that in Switzerland, we will contractually ensure that the protection of your personal data corresponds to that in Switzerland at all times.
6.
Right to Information, Deletion, Blocking
You have the right at any time to free information about your stored personal data, as well as a right to correction, blocking or deletion of this data, if this is possible in accordance with applicable law (e.g.
retention obligation).
7.
Data Security
Your personal data, which is exchanged with us on the website, is generally transmitted in encrypted form, which corresponds to the current state of the art.
We secure our systems through technical and organizational measures against loss, destruction, access, modification or distribution of your data by unauthorized persons.
8.
Use of Cookies
In order to make visiting our website attractive and to enable the use of certain functions, we use cookies on various pages.
These small text files with configuration information are stored on your end device.
Some of the cookies we use are deleted after the end of the browser session, i.e.
after closing your browser (so-called session cookies).
Other cookies remain on your end device and enable us to recognize your browser during your next visit (persistent cookies).
The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website is not passed on to third parties.
You have the possibility at any time to delete cookies stored locally on your computer or to adjust your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and decide individually on their acceptance, or to exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or generally.
If cookies are not accepted, the functionality of our website may be restricted.
9.
Consents
The exact wording of your data protection consent, insofar as you have given such consent, is as follows:
Yes, I have taken note of the data protection declaration and would like to be regularly informed by CYCL AG by e-mail about events, webinars, trends, topics, products and services and agree that my transmitted data may be used for market and customer analyses (if necessary with further data collected) as well as for subsequent advertising.
I am aware that I can revoke my consent at any time with effect for the future.
10.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc.
("Google").
Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will generally be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
We would like to point out that on this website Google Analytics has been extended by the code "anonymizeIp" in order to guarantee anonymous recording of IP addresses (so-called IP masking).
On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website operator.
The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics is not combined with other data from Google.
You can prevent Google from collecting data relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at the following link (http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en).
You can find more detailed information on the terms of use and data protection at https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html or at https://policies.google.com/?hl=en&gl=us.
If you have agreed that Google may link your web and app browsing history to your Google Account and use information from your Google Account to personalize ads, Google will use your information in conjunction with Google Analytics data to create cross-device remarketing audience lists.
Google Analytics first collects your Google-authenticated ID, which is associated with your Google Account (i.e., personally identifiable information), on our website.
Google Analytics will then temporarily link your ID to your Google Analytics data to optimize our target audiences.
If you do not agree, you can opt-out by selecting the appropriate settings in the "My Account" section of your Google Account.
This website also uses Google Analytics' demographic features feature.
This allows reports to be generated that include statements about the age, gender, and interests of site visitors.
This information comes from Google's interest-based advertising and third party visitor information.
This information cannot be associated with any specific individual.
You can deactivate this function at any time by the ad settings in your Google Account or generally prohibit Google Analytics from collecting your data as described under "Objection to data collection".
11.
Use of Google AdWords
As an AdWords customer, we also use Google Conversion Tracking, an advertising service provided by Google Inc.
(1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
"Google").
Google AdWords places a cookie on your computer/mobile device ("conversion cookie") if you have reached our website via a Google ad.
These cookies lose their validity after 30 days and are not used for personal identification.
If you visit other Internet sites and then come to our website, we and Google will know that someone clicked on the ad and was directed to our website, should the cookie not have expired.
Each AdWords customer receives a different cookie.
As a result, cookies cannot be tracked through AdWords customer websites.
The information collected from the Conversion cookie is used to generate conversion statistics for AdWords customers who have opted for Conversion Tracking.
AdWords customers learn the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were directed to a page tagged with a conversion tracking tag.
However, you will not receive any information that personally identifies users.
If you do not wish to participate in the tracking procedure, you can also refuse to set a cookie as required for this - for example, by setting your browser to generally deactivate the automatic setting of cookies.
You can also deactivate cookies for conversion tracking by setting your browser to block cookies from the https://www.google.com/adwords/ domain.
12.
Data Collection by Other Service Providers in the Area of Usage-based Online Advertising
We use cookies to automatically evaluate known information about your usage behavior on our websites.
For this purpose, user-specific historical and future data available to us can be continuously linked using various analysis tools, and user behavior can be analyzed, aggregated, pseudonymized and anonymized across all offers.
We may use publicly available data or data from third parties to improve our database.
The findings from your use of our services can be used and exploited in the analysis of user behavior at other participating companies.
Such data processing takes place primarily with pseudonymized or anonymized data.
The processing is carried out in particular for the purpose of showing you personalized advertising on one of our websites.
We are entitled to commission third parties with the technical processing of advertising measures and advertising for ourselves and are entitled to pass on your data for this purpose.
You have the right to object to the use of cookies at any time, as mentioned in section 8.
13.
Twitter
On our pages, functions of the Twitter service are integrated.
Data is also transmitted to Twitter.
We would like to point out that as the provider of these pages we do not have any knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its use by Twitter.
Further information on this can be found in Twitter's data protection declaration at http://twitter.com/privacy.
14.
Facebook
On our pages are plugins of the social network Facebook.
Data is also transferred to Facebook.
You can find an overview of the Facebook plug-ins here: http://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/.
We would like to point out that as the provider of the pages we do not have any knowledge of the content of the data transmitted or its use by Facebook.
Further information on this can be found in Facebook's privacy policy at https://www.facebook.com/policy.php.
15.
Google+
Our pages use functions of Google+.
Data is also transferred to Google.
We would like to point out that, as the provider of these pages, we do not have any knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its use by Google.
Further information on this can be found in Google's data protection declaration at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
16.
Hubspot
Our pages use Hubspot functions.
Data is also transferred to Hubspot.
We would like to point out that as the provider of these pages we do not have any knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its use by Hubspot.
Further information on this can be found in Hubspot's data protection declaration at https://legal.hubspot.com/de/privacy-policy.
17.
LinkedIn
Our pages use functions of LinkedIn.
Data is also transferred to LinkedIn.
We would like to point out that as the provider of the pages, we do not have any knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its use by LinkedIn.
Further information can be found in LinkedIn's privacy policy at https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy.
18.
YouTube
Our pages use functions of YouTube.
Data is also transferred to YouTube.
We would like to point out that as the provider of these pages we do not have any knowledge of the content of the data transmitted or its use by YouTube.
Further information on this can be found in YouTube's data protection declaration at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=en.
19.
Hotjar
We use Hotjar to better understand the needs of our users and to optimize the offering and experience on this website.
Using Hotjar's technology, we get a better understanding of our users' experiences (e.g., how much time users spend on which pages, which links they click, what they like and dislike, etc.) and this helps us tailor our offerings to our users' feedback.
Hotjar works with cookies and other technologies to collect data about our users' behavior and about their devices, in particular IP address of the device (collected and stored only in anonymized form during your website use), screen size, device type (Unique Device Identifiers), information about the browser used, location (country only), language preferred to view our website.
Hotjar stores this information on our behalf in a pseudonymized user profile.
Hotjar is contractually prohibited from selling the data collected on our behalf.For more information, see the 'about Hotjar' section on Hotjar's help page.
20.
References to External Links
The websites contain links to third-party websites ("external links"), the content and design of which CYCL AG has no influence on.
The respective operator of the linked website is solely responsible for the content and correctness of the information provided there.
At the time of linking, CYCL AG was not aware of any violations of the law.
CYCL AG has no influence whatsoever on the current and future content of the linked websites.
The inclusion of external links does not mean that CYCL AG adopts as its own the contents of third parties accessible via these links.
CYCL AG cannot reasonably be expected to control and check the external links without concrete indications of possible violations of the law.
However, if such violations of the law become known, such external links will be deleted immediately.
21.
Newsletter
If you wish to receive the newsletter offered on the website, we require an e-mail address from you as well as information that allows us to verify that you are the owner of the e-mail address provided and that you agree to receive the newsletter.
Further data will not be collected.
We use these data exclusively for the dispatch of the requested information and do not pass them on to third parties.
You can revoke your consent to the storage of data, e-mail address and their use for sending the newsletter at any time, for example by clicking on the "Unsubscribe" link in the newsletter.
22.
Amendments to the Data Protection Provisions
New data protection regulations apply from the time they come into force for future contacts with CYCL AG.
The previous data protection regulations continue to apply to data already stored, unless this is not permitted by law.
