

Phones

Flip
Smart
Monthly Plans


Medical Alerts

About PERS
Monthly Plans


FAQs

Phone FAQs
PERS FAQs


888-970-3580 Home>Privacy Policy Lively Direct Privacy Policy
The Lively flip cell phone and medical alert are sold by Journey Health &amp.
Lifestyle™, formerly known as firstSTREET.
At Journey Health &amp.
Lifestyle™, we understand that the protection of consumers’ privacy is an important public concern.
Accordingly, we have adopted this Privacy Statement to serve as the foundation for our internal privacy policies and procedures.
It is our commitment to providing meaningful privacy protection for our customers. 1.
EmailBy supplying us with your email address you will receive order confirmation notices, exclusive offers only available through email and product updates.
Journey Health &amp.
Lifestyle™ will not sell or rent your email address and we respect your online privacy.
If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending an email to us at CS@journeyhl.com, or by calling Journey Health &amp.
Lifestyle™ Customer Service at 1-800-704-1209 between 9:00 AM and 8:00 PM ET Monday – Friday.
You can expect to receive a response from Journey Health &amp.
Lifestyle™ within 24 hours (Monday through Friday) of sending your email.
If you have any questions or concerns, you can also email us at CS@journeyhl.com.
2.
Information securityWe maintain technical and organizational safeguards to protect the confidentiality of personal information about our customers against unauthorized access or disclosure, accidental loss, alteration or destruction.
3.
Information QualityWe maintain procedures to assure that the personal information we collect is accurate, up-to-date and as complete as possible.
If we obtain information about individuals who are not our present customers, we strive to treat this information in the same manner as we treat information about our existing customers.
4.
Use of Customer InformationWe collect personal information from our customers themselves, from when we provide products or services to our customers and from consumer reporting agencies and outside sources.
We use personal information only for purposes of administering our business activities, providing service and making available other products and services to our present and prospective customers.
The personal information that our customers give us, and information about our customers’ orders may be shared with third parties.
These marketing partners may use this information to send our customers offers of interest.
5.
Do Not Solicit OptionWe recognize that some of our customers do not want to be solicited for offers and promotions from us.
So, we provide our customers the option to have their names and addresses removed from our mail and/or telephone solicitation lists.
We have procedures that assure a consumer’s name, address and telephone number are removed from our marketing lists.
Customers that do not want us to contact them can let us know by calling, writing, or sending an email to us at CS@journeyhl.com.
Customers that do not want us to share their name and addresses with third party marketing partners can let us know by sending an email to us at CS@journeyhl.com.
6.
Maintaining Customer Privacy with Our Business PartnersWe strive to ensure that the companies we use as our business partners support our commitment to privacy protection in their handling of personal data about our customers.
7.
Employee EducationWe provide training to our employees about their responsibilities under this Privacy Statement, and we expect them to do their parts in protecting our customers’ privacy.
We also conduct regular internal audits to support our commitment.
8.
Privacy Statement Availability to CustomersWe want our customers to know about our commitment to providing privacy protection.
Therefore, this Privacy Statement is available upon request to customers, investors, employees, governmental authorities and members of the general public. Company


About Us


Contact Us
Support


Phone FAQs


PERS FAQs
Get In Touch

For Jitterbug Flip2 Call:




1-888-666-0382 

For Lively Mobile Plus Call:




1-888-218-6587 

For Jitterbug Smart3 Call:




1-888-970-3580 

© 2021 Journey Health &amp.
Lifestyle™, 1998 Ruffin Mill Road, Colonial Heights, VA 23834, United States.
(formerly firstSTREET for Boomers and Beyond, Inc.)
* Lively will ship your phone to you within two weeks.
The phone will come to you with your account already set up and is easy to activate.
After your payment, and after your phone has shipped, Lively will charge you for your first month of service plus all applicable taxes.
All subsequent monthly payments will be charged by Lively to the credit card on file each month.
** We will refund the full price of the Jitterbug Flip2 phone and the activation fee, if any, if it is returned within 30 days of purchase in like-new condition.
We will also refund your first monthly service charge if you have used less than 30 minutes of talk and less that 50 text messages.
Per minute and per text charges otherwise apply.
You will be charged a $10 restocking fee.
Shipping charges are not refundable.
Full terms at www.lively.com/legal/guarantee.
Subject to Customer Agreement, select calling plans and credit approval.
Other charges and restrictions may apply.
Screen images simulated.
Monthly fees do not include government taxes or fees and are subject to change.
Plans and services may require purchase of Lively device and one-time setup fee of $35.
Urgent Response Service will be able to track an approximate location when your device is turned on, but we cannot guarantee an exact location.
Urgent Response or 911 calls can be made only when cellular service is available.
Urgent Response tracks an approx.
location of device when device is turned on and connected to the network.
Lively does not guarantee an exact location.
Urgent Response is only available with the purchase of a Lively Health &amp.
Safety Package.
Lively is not a healthcare provider.
Urgent Care is provided by FONEMED® and is not a substitute for dialing 911.
Lively is not liable for acts or omissions of any FONEMED employee or contractor.
Urgent Care and Lively Link are only available with a Preferred or Ultimate Health &amp.
Safety Package.
There are no additional fees to call Lively’s U.S.-based customer service.
However, for calls to a Lively Operator in which a service is completed, you will be charged $0.99/call, and plan minutes will be deducted equal to the length of the call.
The $0.99/call Personal Operator fee is waived with the Ultimate Health &amp.
Safety Package.
Consistently rated the most reliable network and best overall network performance in the country by HIS Markit’s RootScore Reports.
Amazon Alexa integration with Jitterbug Flip2 Alexa registration and is subject to Alexa’s Terms of Use.
By enabling Alexa on the Jitterbug Flip2, you acknowledge that Lively is not responsible for Amazon Alexa’s functionality or services.
Amazon, Alexa and all related logos are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc.
or its affiliates.
LIVELY and JITTERBUG are trademarks of Best Buy and its affiliated companies.
© 2021 Best Buy.
All rights reserved.
Specifications listed are approximates and not always exact, &amp.
may be subject to change.
Newer features may not be available on older production models.
The information contained in this website is subject to change without notice.
WE TAKE YOUR SECURITY SERIOUSLY
This site is https secured.
By using this site and/or by ordering on this site you agree to our Privacy Policy, Terms &amp.
Conditions, as posted on this site.
