
        Information you should know if you use LO4D.com
The services offered on LO4D.com are governed by the following terms.
If you do not agree to these terms, you shall refrain from utilizing the services on this site.
Updated August 28, 2013

i.
General Overview

By using the Service, or registering as a member, you agree to the following rules.
failure to comply with these rules may lead to the cancellation of your membership and/or a denial of access to the Service.
You may use the Service for lawful purposes only.
You may not post or transmit any material that violates the rights of others, infringes a person's intellectual property rights (such as copyrights, patents, or trademarks), is otherwise unlawful or encourages unlawful activity, or could give rise to civil liability.
Posting or transmission of any material that violates any federal, provincial, or local law or regulation is prohibited, and we reserve the right to notify law enforcement authorities in such event.
Along with these terms of service is a disclaimer of all warranties and liabilities, accessible with the menu to your left.
LO4D.com, the LO4D.com web site and other services operated by LO4D.com may be collectively referred to as "lo4d".
The web site offered on the domain name, LO4D.com -- including the servers and services operated by LO4D.com -- will collectively herein be referred to as "LO4D.com", "the Site" or "the Service".
Our terms of service are also complimented by our Privacy Policy.
Users are encouraged to become familiar with LO4D.com's privacy policy and the collection of broad information via cookies in conjunction with ad-serving.

ii.
Suggested Sites and Acceptable Use of

 LO4D.com does not add all the suggested sites to the directory or the index, it does so at its own discretion.
A suggested site, therefore, is not guaranteed to be listed at anytime after or before the site is suggested to LO4D.com.
If the site is listed, it may be removed at anytime at the discretion of lo4d.
You hereby acknowledge that any site you suggest may not be added to the directory at anytime, and if it is added to the directory, it can be removed at anytime, on request or at the sole discretion of lo4d.
You also agree that (a) all the information provided to LO4D.com is true (b) you are atleast 13 years of age or older (c) the information provided to LO4D.com may be passed through a variety of different networks and Internet Service Providers (d) Any sites and/or information provided to LO4D.com may be accepted or rejected at the sole discretion of LO4D.com (e) you agree to follow all laws in your region/county/city/town(ship)/country ("Area").


iii.
Discussion Boards / Forums / Submissions


(a) LO4D.com offers its users open forums.
These services are available free of charge, but may not be used in the following manners: Defame, abuse, harass or threaten others.
Make any bigoted or hateful statements.
Advocate illegal activity or discuss illegal activities with the intent to commit them.
Post or distribute any material that infringes and/or violates any right of a third party or any law.
Post or distribute any vulgar, obscene, discourteous, or indecent language or images.
Advertise or sell to or solicit others.
Post or distribute any software or other materials that contain a virus or other harmful component.
or Post material or make statements that do not generally pertain to the designated topic or theme of any chat room or bulletin board.

(b) (note: extension to Privacy Policy)  It is our policy to respect the privacy of all customers.
Therefore, in addition to the privacy of Registration data (see our Privacy Policy), we will not monitor, edit, or disclose the any details about a customer or web site user unless (a) you authorize us to do so, (b) we must do so in order to resolve technical problems.
or (c) unless required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (1) comply with the law or comply with legal process served on us.
(2) protect and defend our rights or property.
or (3) act in an emergency to protect the safety of our customers or the public.
Customers shall remain solely responsible for the content of their messages.


(c) LO4D.com, its staff and its moderators reserve the full right to remove, edit or move posts by users at anytime without cause or notice.

(d) By uploading materials to any Forum or submitting any materials to us, you automatically grant (or warrant that the owner of such materials expressly granted) us a perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable, nonexclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, publicly perform and display, create derivative works from and distribute such materials or incorporate such materials into any form, medium, or technology now known or later developed throughout the universe.
In addition, you warrant that all so-called "moral rights" in those materials have been waived.

(e) When participating in a Forum, never assume that people are who they say they are, know what they say they know, or are affiliated with whom they say they are affiliated with in any chat room, message board, or other user- generated content area.
Information obtained in a Forum may not be reliable, and it is not a good idea to trade or make any investment decisions based solely or largely on information you cannot confirm.
We cannot be responsible for the content or accuracy of any information, and shall not be responsible for any trading or investment decisions made based on such information.

(f) The message boards and forums include users who may, from time to time, offer links to other users for whatever reasons they deem fit, including but not limited to unsolicited advertisements.
LO4D.com makes an effort to filter out inappropriate links and possibly harmful content, but: Above and beyond links within the LO4D.com domain, LO4D.com, all other links outbound from the domain names and servers operated by LO4D.com are not the responsability of LO4D.com, its affiliates, partners or staff members.
Please be aware, once again, that the links offered by users or staff on the LO4D.com message boards and forums are used at the risk of the user and fall beyond the liability of LO4D.com Interactive Media as also stated in our Disclaimer of Warranties also available on via this web site.

(g) By using the message boards or forums offered on LO4D.com, you agree not to post libel comments which may be used against you if LO4D.com is served with the proper legal documents.
Lo4d.com has no resources available to check every fact which are posted by anonymous users on the message boards and forums.
with that, the views, ideas and information made available should be taken as the opinion of the individual and not that of LO4D.com.

(h) By using the message boards or forums offered on LO4D.com, you agree not to post unsolicited advertising, also know in Internet lingo as SPAM.
By posting advertising, LO4D.com reserves the right to use the information contained in the original post as evidence against the user who posted such material.
The material located in the original posting may contain personally identifiable information via the Internet Service Provider.
It also may include, however not limited to.
Demographical information such as town, municipality, province, state or country.
It also may include referral information via a cookie stored by (the forum) software in the users' browser.
The information captured by LO4D.com may also be sent to agencies in order to help combat SPAM.
By registering on LO4D.com as a user (as determined by LO4D.com) in order to post unsolicited messages or to solicit our members, the said user will not fall under the privacy policies as stated in our Privacy Policy.

iv.
Downloads


(a) As part of some services included in the LO4D.com suite of sites, we may provide reviews from time to time, including but not limited to reviews of software, security and privacy related material.
With this, downloads are offered of various programs we believe will be useful to the user.
Under no circumstances will LO4D.com or its affiliates be held responsible for such damages caused by any software we may link to.
We cannot guarantee any of these files to be virus free, nor can we guarantee the defect-free operation of any software on any one machine.
We (LO4D.com and our affiliates), disclaim all liabilities, express or implied, as described in our disclaimer.
Any such damages resulting in the use of the LO4D.com site, LO4D.com its self, a LO4D.com staff member, its affiliated sites or its affiliates is the sole responsibility of the user.

(b) LO4D.com also offers software publishers and developers the option of submitting xml files which contain software information including, but not limited to: a software download URL, product descriptions, option product screenshots and other information contained in "PAD" files.
By submitting a PAD file to LO4D.com, the software developer automatically grants LO4D.com the right to publish information regarding software via any means deemed appropriate by LO4D.com.
Furthermore, LO4D.com reserves the right to refuse listing software without cause or reason.
LO4D.com also reserves the right to discontinue listing any piece of software or information regarding software title based at its own discretion.
LO4D.com sometimes stores actual downloadable files on its servers while other software downloads are available from their respective developers' web sites.
LO4D.com has no control over externally-linked files in its listings.
LO4D.com assumes no liability for any damages caused by malfunctions caused by viruses, incompatibilities or the such for externally nor internally-linked files.

v.
The "Service" 

All the services provided by LO4D.com (LO4D.com) are provided on an "AS IS" basis, therefore, LO4D.com CANNOT be held responsible for any damages caused by the use of this service.
The services provided, whether they be old, new or in the future, are always subject to these terms of service.
To use the services provided by LO4D.com, you must have access to the World Wide Web, and a device able to access the World Wide Web, LO4D.com DOES NOT provide these services, nor does it have any obligation to provide these services and cannot be held liable for any damages these services may cause, directly or indirectly.

vii.
Resale of Service(s)

 You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service.
Any material, articles, images and collectively, LO4D.com logos are not to be reproduced without express consent from an officer of LO4D.com.

viii.
Copyrights &amp.
Copyright Statements


(a) All trademarks, registered trademarks, logos, company names and images are copyright to their respective owners.
LO4D.com, its distinctive logos, images, files, code and designs are the sole property of LO4D.com and copyrighted content under the laws of Canada, and worldwide treaties.
The distinct LO4D.com logo, "LO4D.com", the dynamic downlo4d logo, the original "swish" two-layered logo and all service marks relating to LO4D.com and its suite of web sites are trademarks, registered trademarks or service marks of LO4D.com.
Other logos, service marks, registered trademarks and trademarks are copyrighted to their specific owners and used under license or used under fair dealing laws in Canada and fair dealing laws in the United States.

(b) By submitting any materials to us, you automatically grant (or warrant that the owner of such materials expressly granted) us a perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable, nonexclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, publicly perform and display, create derivative works from and distribute such materials or incorporate such materials into any form, medium, or technology now known or later developed throughout the time.
In addition, you warrant that all so-called "moral rights" in those materials have been waived.
LO4D.com defines submission as: i) Information or articles received or sent via email, ii) Submission through our web site, iii) Any information relayed to LO4D.com, explicitly for submission purposes, through HTTP protocol, iv) Any information relayed to LO4D.com, explicitly for submission purposes, through FTP protocol, v) Other forms of submission via the Internet, vi) Submissions via facsimile.
LO4D.com should not be held accountable for submission of copyrighted work, however LO4D.com will work with the copyright owner in deterring infringement.
Such actions should include removal of article and identification of the person who submitted the copyrighted works.

ix.
News and Weather

 News and Weather information contained on LO4D.com are provided by third parties, and therefore, the accuracy of such information may be inaccurate at times.
LO4D.com attempts to verify accuracy of such information, but may be outdated or inaccurate at times.
LO4D.com can make no guarantees as to whether information contained on this web site is accurate or, due to the nature of online activities, free from errors relating to a) Copyrights.
b) Technical Defects such as viruses or c) Free from personal opinions of our users and/or a staff member of LO4D.com or an editor of the LO4D.com web site.
LO4D.com operates an article submission service.
Submitting an article is an application to have an article appear on LO4D.com Commentary.
When a user submits an article, it is forwarded to our Editing Room which is the department responsible for accepting, denying and/or editing an article that was submitted through our web site or through email directed to one of our editors or the editing staff as a whole.
A user submitting an article is aware that the article may be rejected or accepted based on LO4D.com's sole opinion.
By submitting an article, LO4D.com is given the right to edit, modify, publish and promote the article based on decisions by the editing staff, also referred to as the editing room.
LO4D.com generally edits articles for grammar, spelling and correct usage of the English language.
If an email and name appears in the submission, credit is given at the beginning and at the end of the article.
To protect the well-being of our writers, we provide email forwarders or email 'pop3' boxes in place of real email addresses.
No exceptions are made to this rule.


x.
News Content &amp.
Fair Dealing

The editing department of LO4D.com may quote or use other news sources for reference to said topic.
Information such as statistics, news photographs and collectively, third-party material might be contained in certain articles.
When using a news photograph, we always quote the source of the image in text below the actual image.
News photographs are used for informational purposes only.
LO4D.com does not claim copyright to news photographs which do not have either a) a known source or b) text below the image which states the photo source is LO4D.com, or "CC".
Under the laws of Canada, LO4D.com Commentary and News site is a review, news, or article source.
The Purpose of the Dealing is for research, private study, criticism, review or news reporting.
It expresses that "these allowable purposes should not be given a restrictive interpretation or this could result in the undue restriction of users' rights." It should be noted that Fair Use laws in Canada (also known as Fair Dealing) differ from those in other countries.
Fair use is not regarded as allowable infringement, however, fair use of said source.

xi.
Directory and Search Services

The LO4D.com suite of web sites offers its users a directory of web sites and an additional search service in order to browse categorized web sites on the Internet.
The categorizations and listings are not maintained by LO4D.com.
LO4D.com offers no guarantees or warranties on the web sites it lists in its directory neither does it promote or condone the activities of any such web sites.
LO4D.com assumes no liability for any sites, products, services or recommendations listed in the directory or search services.

xii.
Video Services 

LO4D.com offers users a free service to upload videos.
The service is provided as an unmoderated medium of sharing and uploading personal videos of which the copyright is owned by the uploaded and/or the video content is in the public domain.
LO4D.com assumes that the content hosted on our servers are authorised by the copyright owner and does not pre-moderate the content which appears there.
By uploading a video to our servers, the user disclaims LO4D.com of any liabilities occuring including but not limited to what is included in our terms of service and disclaimer of warranties.
If an unauthorised video is found to be hosted on our servers, such copyright owners and/or the agents acting on behalf of the copyright owner have the option of sending a DMCA notice to LO4D.com, in which the video will be removed immediately.
By uploading a video, you agree that LO4D.com retains the sole right of removing, censoring or blocking access to said content.
The preceeding clauses in our terms of service, specifically xiv, x, vii, v, iv and iii.


xiv.
Disclaimer

Hyperlinks or other Web pages, including hyperlinks to software downloads that may be accessible from this site will enable you to leave LO4D.com's site and in some cases, enable you to download software from LO4D.com's servers (this paragraph applies to both).
The linked sites are not under the control of LO4D.com and LO4D.com is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any changes or updates to such sites.
LO4D.com is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by LO4D.com of the site.
LO4D.com and its affiliates do not control or endorse the content of third party Web sites.
All services and materials provided on this site are provided "as is." LO4D.com does not make any warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation warranties of title or noninfringement, or any implied warranties or merchantibility or fitness for a particular purpose with regard to the services or materials, any transaction performed through the services or on the Internet generally, or as to the quality of the call.
LO4D.com shall not be liable for any cost or damage arising either directly or indirectly from any such transaction.
LO4D.com does not warrant that the services or materials will be uninterrupted or error-free or will operate without packet loss or interruption, nor does LO4D.com warrant any connection to or any transmission over the Internet or that any defects in the services or materials will be corrected.
LO4D.com does not guarantee or warrant that any files made available for downloading from the site will be free of infection or viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other code that contains contaminating or destructive properties.
You are responsible and are urged to implement sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular requirements for accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to the site for the reconstruction of any lost data.
LO4D.com does not warrant that the information or data inputted and stored in this database cannot be accessed by a third party and you assume complete and total responsibility and risk for your use of the services, materials and the site.


xv.
Questions and Complaints

We value input.
Should you have any questions relating to our terms of service, please contact us via email, fax or postal service with the information contained on our Contact Page, accessible via this web site.
 
