
         Table of Contents What's in this policy? Collection of information and how we use it Do we disclose user information to third parties that advertise? Storage of the data we collect Third Party Embeds Data Storage Tracking &amp.
Cookies Modifying or Deleting Your Personal Information Data Security Business Transfers Emails from Logically Changes to this Policy Statement of Data Protection Processing Activity Purpose of Processing Our Legal Bases for processing data Public Nature of Personal Data Categories of Personal Data Collected Categories of Recipients Embedded Content Existence of Automated Decision-making Potential Consequences Data Processing Cross-border Transfers Retention of Personal Data Data Subject Rights Contact Information What's in this policy?
This policy explains what information we collect when you use TheLogically Limited (referred to in this policy as “we” “us” or “Logically”) sites, services, mobile applications, products, and content (“Services”).
It also has information about how we store, use, transfer, and delete that information.
Transparency is one of our core values which is why we want you to be clear about what this Policy covers.
Collection of information and how we use it
Logically doesn’t generate revenue from advertising on any of the services we provide to you so the data we collect is not used to advertise to you.
The collection of your data is solely done to make Logically work as well as it can and to continually improve Logically services.
We collect information about how you use our network to make sure that logically works to its full capability and give you the best experience we can provide.
We collect information that you give us (such as email addresses to get in contact with you if you've given consent) as well as information about how you use our services (such as how long you spend on a page/website.) This information includes your IP address and information about the device you use to access our services such as.
the type of device, browser type and screen resolution.
We use this information to:

Provide, test, improve and promote Logically services
Fight abuse, spam and keep your account safe and secure
Create Aggregate, non-identifiable information about how you and other users use Logically services

If you choose to sign up or authenticate/link your Logically account with a third party service (such as Twitter, Google or Facebook) we may collect information associated with the third-party account such as your friend lists or followers.
We will never post or publish to any connected third-party account without your consent.
Do we disclose user information to third parties that advertise?
We do not.
Logically does not transfer and/or sell information about you to third parties for the purpose of facilitating or providing advertising on third party platforms.
In some circumstances we may share your information with third parties such as:

With your consent
To a service provider or partner who meets our data protection standards
With academic or non profit researchers, with aggregation, anonymisation or pseudonymisation.
When we have a good faith belief it is required by law
When we have a good faith belied that doing so will help prevent harm to someone

In the event that your information is shared in response to a legal process, we will give you sufficient notice in order to challenge it (for example by seeking court intervention), unless the law prohibits it or we believe giving notice will endanger others.
All requests for user information that we believe to be improper will be objected.
Storage of the data we collect
Logically uses third-party vendors and hosting partners, such as google, for software, networking, storage and hardware and related technology we need to run Logically services.
There are two types of logs which we use.
server logs and event logs.
Our servers record every request made when someone visits our site (like most other internet companies)
Third Party Embeds
Logically often uses content hosted on other sites (such as articles and videos from news publications).
This content is not hosted on Logically and therefore these files send data back to the hosted site as if you were visiting that site directly.
Logically can not control the data or what is done with the data collected from third parties in these cases, therefore third party embeds on Logically services are not covered by this policy.
They are covered by the privacy policy of the third party site or service.
Embeds may request your personal information through forms (for example: they may ask for your email address).
In choosing to give your personal information to a third party, the third party may the information provided as explained above.
This privacy policy does not cover what third parties do with the information you choose to provide them so please ensure you have read and understand the third party's privacy policy prior to submitting any personal information through a third party form.
If you embed a form that allows submission of personal information by users on any of Logically's services you must provide a link to an a Privacy Policy stating, clearly why you intend to use the information collected and how you will use the user information.
In the event that you do not provide a link to a Privacy Policy with the information requested above, the post containing the embedded form may be removed or further action may be taken on your account (such as suspension or removal of your account.)
Data Storage
Logically uses third-party vendors and hosting partners, such as Google, for hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology needed to run Logically.
By using Logically Services, you authorise Logically to transfer, store, and use your information in the United States and any other country where we operate.
Tracking &amp.
Cookies
We use browser cookies and similar technologies to recognise you when you return to our Services.
We use them in various ways, for example to log you in, remember your preferences (such as default language), help us understand how people use Logically and personalise content and other information.
Some third-party services that we use to provide the Logically Service, such as Google Analytics, may place their own cookies in your browser.
This Privacy Policy covers use of cookies by Logically only and not the use of cookies by third parties.
Modifying or Deleting Your Personal Information
If you have a Logically account, you can access and modify your personal information, or delete your account here.
We may keep residual copies of your information for a brief period to protect from malicious or accidental destruction.
Be aware that, once your account is deleted the action is irreversible and your information and content will be unrecoverable after that time.
When required by law, Logically may preserve and maintain copies of your information.
Data Security
Please take reasonable measure to ensure your account is secured as, although we use encryption (HTTPS/SSL) to protect data transmitted to and from our site, its important to note that data transmission over the Internet is never 100% secure.
You use the Service at your own risk, and you’re responsible for taking reasonable measures to secure your account.
Business Transfers
In the event that Logically is involved in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, reorganisation or sale of assets such that your information would be transferred or become subject to a different privacy policy, we will notify you in advance so you can opt out of any such new policy by deleting your account before transfer.
Emails from Logically
You can opt out of non-administrative emails such as our newsletters, notifications and marketing materials in the settings panel here.
Occasionally we will send you transactional emails regarding your account, changes to our services and new policies which cant be opted out of.
We receive information when you interact with our emails (such as opening and clicking on links).
We will never send you an email asking you for your account information (such as passwords).
If you receive an email requesting such information, please contact as us as soon as possible so we can investigate.
Changes to this Policy
Logically may update this Policy at any point and will notify you of changes to this policy before they come into action.
The most current version of the policy will always be here and we will archive former versions of the policy here.
Statement of Data Protection
Processing Activity
Logically collects and stores personal information about its users to customise their reading experience and enable personalised distribution of content in relation to the interests of users.
Logically shares minimal data with its service providers.
Purpose of Processing

Provide, test, promote, and improve Logically services
Gather usage statistics of services
Gather usage statistics of services
Fight spam, fraud, and other abuse of services

Our Legal Bases for processing data
In order to provide our services, Logically collects and stores personal data about its users on the legal basis of consent given when you create an account and agree to the Privacy Policy.
Logically also pursues its legitimate interests by collecting minimal data of logged out users to provide the services, as outlined above.
Where Logically collects and stores personal data about non-users, it does so under performance of contract obligations with users who use the services to publish content on web sites hosted by Logically.
In such cases, users authoring such content containing personal data of third parties are responsible for that content.
Logically will consider related complaints in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation’s rights of the data subject, as well as rights of expression and access to information.
Public Nature of Personal Data
Logged-in users may choose to interact publicly with the Logically Services through using the site's comment function.
Where such personal data may reveal special category protected data, it is processed on the basis that it is manifestly made public by the user, although it is advised that users do not share such data through commenting.
Additional information on potential consequences of such processing can be found below.
If you don't agree to this public usage, do not create an account or use these features of Logically's Services.
Categories of Personal Data Collected
Logged out users

Reading history
IP address
Browser information

Logged in users

Username
Display name
Bio
Email address (non-public)
Session activity (security)
Linked social media accounts (optional)
IP address
Browser information
Reading history
Network interactions (comments, people or entities followed, etc.)
Comments and responses

Categories of Recipients
Logically shares personal data with third-party processors although this is kept to a minimum and solely shared for the purpose of providing Logically Services.
The processors offer at least the same level of data protection set out in this document.
This following categories of recipients are included:

Hosting, Storage, &amp.
Other Infrastructure
Security
Analytics
Communication &amp.
Support

Search engines will index public interactions and user profiles.
Users may also share links which contain your comments on social media.
Embedded Content
Logically often uses content hosted on other sites (third-party embeds) which may collect and store personal data.
This content is not hosted on Logically, therefore third party embeds on Logically services are not covered by this policy, but by the policies of the third-party sites or services.
Existence of Automated Decision-making
Logically collects and stores personal data about its users to customise reading.
Automated Decision-making is used to promote content tailored to users interests, preferences and previous use of Logically services.
Logically also filters content for the purposes of fighting and preventing spam, fraud, and other forms of abuse.
Potential Consequences Data Processing
By creating an account on Logically, users may make certain personal data about themselves public and accessible to others on their profile through commenting within the debate section of Logically's services.
This may in some cases constitute special category protected data which is considered manifestly made public by the user, dependent on what parts of your profile you share and the comments you make.
It may be possible for third parties to derive identifying personal data from posts, whether by reading, inference, supplemental research, or automated extraction and analysis, due to the public nature of information posted to Logically.
Users are free to use their real name and information, or a pseudonym of their choosing, for their account.
Users may also choose to use the service without posting data or engaging in network interactions.
However, if you do not agree with and accept the risks of such usage, you may not use the services.
Cross-border Transfers
Logically is hosted in the United States.
In the use of Logically Services, you authorise Logically to transfer, store, and use your information in the United States and any other country where we operate.
Where your data is disclosed to our processors, it is subject by contract to at least the same level of data protection as that set out in this statement.
Retention of Personal Data
Logically keeps personal data associated with your up until deletion it's deletion.
You can delete your account at any time which will delete all of your personal information.
Upon deletion your account will be unrecoverable in our system after a period of fourteen days.
It may take several additional days for your personal data to be de-indexed from search engines, depending on those search engines’ practices, over which Logically may have limited or no control.
Data Subject Rights

If you've signed up for a Logically account you can request a copy of your information by contacting privacy@logically.ai
You may correct information associated with your account from the Settings page.
You may withdraw consent by deleting your account on the Settings page.
This will erase your personal information completely within 14 days (except to the extent Logically is prevented by law from deleting your information).
You may object at any time to the use of your personal data by contacting privacy@logically.ai If your complaint relates to alleged misuse of your personal data by a third party, it may result in suspension of that post or account in keeping with relevant law, public interest, our contractual obligations, and the rights of expression and access to information of others.
You may at any time lodge a complaint regarding the processing of your personal data by Logically with the Supervisory Authority of your EU member state.

Contact Information
Brookfoot Mills, Brookfoot Industrial Estate, Brookfoot, Brighouse, United Kingdom, HD6 2RW
