
         Cookies, Web Beacons and Other Technologies Like most sites, Logitech uses cookies that are essentially small data files placed on your computer, tablet, mobile phone, or other devices (referred to collectively as a "device") that allow us to record certain pieces of information whenever you visit or interact with our sites, services, applications, messaging, and tools, and to recognize you across devices.
Web beacons (sometimes called transparent GIFs, clear GIFs, or web bugs) are small strings of code that provide a way for us to deliver a small graphic image (usually invisible) on a web page or in an email.
Web beacons can recognize certain types of information on your computer such as cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, and a description of the page where the web beacon is placed.
Other technologies, including Web storage and identifiers associated with your device, may be used for similar purposes.
In this notice, we say "cookies" to discuss all of these technologies.
Because cookies are used throughout our websites, disabling them may prevent you from using certain parts of the sites. How We Use Cookies
Like most providers of online services, Logitech uses cookies for a number of reasons, like helping us see which features are most popular, counting visitors to a page, improving our users' experience, keeping our services secure, and just generally providing you with a better, more intuitive, and satisfying experience.
The cookies we use generally fall into one of the following categories: Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential to enable you to browse around our websites and use their features.
Without these cookies, services like shopping baskets and e-billing as well as the proper language and local currency cannot be provided.
The cookies that we commonly use are listed below. Cookie name Description lcid lang Stores a user selected country and language setting to use when viewing content on a specific Logitech web site.
logitkn Stores information to retrieve product pricing and availability from our e-commerce store based on a user's locale.
BannerID ctID Stores information to retrieve product pricing and availability from online retailers.
VISITOR_ID gc_ss_logib2c X-DR-LOCALE BIGipServerp-c033-gc-prd-shopper-dc3-cs4-active X-DR-CURRENCY X-DR-SHOPPER-logib2c X-DR-THEME JSESSIONID Stores information required for making purchases with our Merchant of Record, Digital River.
account-tkn Stores information to retrieve user information for logged-in users.
Functional and Analytics Cookies
These cookies collect information about how you use our websites — for instance, which pages you go to most.
This data may be used to help optimize our websites and make them easier for you to navigate.
These cookies are also used to let affiliates know if you came to one of our websites from an affiliate and if your visit resulted in the use or purchase of a product or service from us, including details of the product or service purchased.
The information these cookies collect will not personally identify you, and they cannot track your browsing activity on non-Logitech websites.
Our partners who may set these cookies on this site are listed below. Partner Description Adobe Analytics Measures consumer activity and behavior across our family of sites to understand traffic patterns and if the sites deliver on consumer needs.
For more information, see Adobe Analytics.
Adobe Target Allows for experience testing and site personalization based on consumer behavior and interest.
For more information, see Adobe Target.
Google Analytics Measures consumer activity and behavior across our family of sites to understand traffic patterns and if the sites deliver on consumer needs.
For more information, see Google Analytics.
Mixpanel Measures consumer activity and behavior across our family of sites and mobile applications.
For more information, see Mixpanel.
Power Reviews Provides the ability to read, write and syndicate unbiased product reviews from consumers.
For more information, see Power Reviews.
Zendesk Provides customer relationship management tools to directly engage with consumers interested in our products.
Marketing Cookies
These cookies help us tailor advertising that we think may be of interest to users and to collect and use other data about user activities on our Sites and/or Services (e.g., to allow them to tailor ads on third party services).
Our partners who may set these cookies on this site are listed below. Partner Description Affilinet Affiliate marketing network pixel to track and measure the effectiveness of marketing activity to drive sales.
Amazon Remarketing and conversion pixel allowing Logitech marketers to deliver advertising messages to consumers interested in our products and services and track sales conversions.
AvantLink Affiliate marketing network pixel to track and measure the effectiveness of marketing activity to drive sales.
Bing Ads Remarketing and conversion pixel allowing Logitech marketers to deliver advertising messages to consumers interested in our products and services and track sales conversions.
For more information, see Bing Ads.
CJ Affiliate Affiliate marketing network pixel to track and measure the effectiveness of marketing activity to drive sales.
For more information, see CJ Affiliate.
Cordial Tracking pixel enabling the delivery of targeted advertising messages to consumers interested in our products and services.
Links site-side activity with ad exposure to allow for conversion tracking and remarketing opportunities specifically through email marketing.
For more information, see Cordial.
DoubleClick Floodlight (by Google) Tracking pixel enabling the delivery of targeted advertising messages to consumers interested in our products and services.
Links site-side activity with ad exposure to allow for conversion tracking and remarketing opportunities.
For more information, see DoubleClick Floodlight (by Google).
Facebook Remarketing and conversion pixel allowing Logitech marketers to deliver advertising messages to consumers interested in our products and services and track sales conversions.
For more information, see Facebook.
Google Adwords Remarketing and conversion pixel allowing Logitech marketers to deliver advertising messages to consumers interested in our products and services and track sales conversions.
Kenshoo Tracking pixel enabling the delivery of targeted advertising messages to consumers interested in our products and services.
Links site-side activity with ad exposure to allow for conversion tracking and remarketing opportunities.
LinkedIn Remarketing and conversion pixel allowing Logitech marketers to deliver advertising messages to consumers interested in our products and services and track sales conversions.
Quantcast Tracking pixel enabling the delivery of targeted advertising messages to consumers interested in our products and services.
Links site-side activity with ad exposure to allow for conversion tracking and remarketing opportunities.
Sizmek Tracking pixel enabling the delivery of targeted advertising messages to consumers interested in our products and services.
Provides site behavioral activity to enable dynamically generated advertising based on products of interest to individual consumers.
Social Annex Enables social functionality across our family of sites.
Spiceworks Tracking pixel enabling the delivery of targeted advertising messages to consumers interested in our products and services.
Provides site behavioral activity to enable dynamically generated advertising based on products of interest to individual consumers.
The Trade Desk Tracking pixel enabling the delivery of targeted advertising messages to consumers interested in our products and services.
Links site-side activity with ad exposure to allow for conversion tracking and remarketing opportunities.
Tradedoubler Affiliate marketing network pixel to track and measure the effectiveness of marketing activity to drive sales.
Twitter Remarketing and conversion pixel allowing Logitech marketers to deliver advertising messages to consumers interested in our products and services and track sales conversions.
VE Interactive Tracking pixel enabling the delivery of targeted advertising messages to consumers interested in our products and services.
Links site-side activity with ad exposure to allow for conversion tracking and remarketing opportunities specifically through email marketing.
Windsor Circle Tracks and predicts consumer behavior to deliver offers and suggestions to encourage engagement with site content.
Yahoo Dot Tracking pixel enabling the delivery of targeted advertising messages to consumers interested in our products and services.
Links site-side activity with ad exposure to allow for conversion tracking and remarketing opportunities.
Yieldify Tracks and predicts consumer behavior to deliver offers and suggestions to encourage engagement with site content.
Zanox Affiliate marketing network pixel to track and measure the effectiveness of marketing activity to drive sales.
How Third Parties Use Cookies
You may encounter cookies from third parties who also collect information through cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies about your online activities, either on our services or across the Internet, for reasons like those noted above.
(For example, our shopping cart platform is provided by our third-party merchant of record – Digital River, there may be a cookie placed by them to manage the check-out process).
These companies may also deliver ads and otherwise track user behavior. Manage Your Cookies
You can specify how cookies are handled by setting your cookie preferences.
Click here to change your cookie preferences for this site.
Please note that changing your preferences will not delete existing cookies.
If you would like to delete cookies in your browser, please follow the steps below. Chrome

On your computer, open Chrome.
At the top left, select the Chrome menu and then Preferences.
At the bottom, select Advanced.
Under "Privacy and security," choose Content settings.
Click Cookies.
In the Cookies section, make desired changes to cookies settings such as: 
Delete cookies
Block cookies by default
Allow cookies by default
Keep cookies and site data by default until you quit your browser
Make exceptions for cookies from specific websites or domains



For more on cookie preferences in Chrome refer to Google Chrome Help. Mozilla Firefox

On your computer, open Firefox.
At the top left, select the Firefox menu and choose Preferences.
Under the "Privacy &amp.
Security", choose Cookies.
You can select the following settings: 
Disable cookies
Enable cookies for the originating web site only
Enable all cookies
Warn me before storing a cookie



For more on cookie preferences in Firefox refer to Mozilla Firefox Help.
Internet Explorer

On your computer, open Internet Explorer.
Tap or click Tools, then select Internet options.
Tap or click the Privacy tab.
Under Settings, move the slider to the top to block all cookies or the bottom to allow all cookies.
Tap or click OK.

For more on cookie preferences in Internet Explorer refer to Internet Explorer Help. Safari 5.1 (OS X Lion)

On your computer, open Safari.
Tap or select Preferences.
Select Privacy.
In the Block cookies section, specify if and when Safari should accept cookies from websites.
To see an explanation of the options, select the Help button (question mark).

Note: If you want to see which websites store cookies on your computer, select the Manage Website Data button.
If you set Safari to block cookies, you may need to temporarily accept cookies to open a page.
Repeat the above steps, selecting Never.
When you're done with the page, block cookies again, and then remove the page's cookies.
For more on cookie preferences in Safari refer to Safari Help.
