
         Terms of use 1.
Membership is free, as long as not specified otherwise.


2.
The gamigo Publishing GmbH has the right to quit the free services at any time.


3.
With free services, there is no claim to a certain monthly availability duration.
The user also has no publishing rights of generated data in free or fee-based services (such as posts in forums).
It should be noted, that personal data of each member will be saved with the registration.


4.
No natural or legal person may have more than one membership in the network of gamigo Publishing GmbH at a time.
The gamigo Publishing GmbH has the right to delete duplicates of memberships after a thorough examination.
In case of attempted frauds, the specific user may blocked and / or charges will be brought against the user.


5.
The gamigo Publishing GmbH has the right to ban users with inappropriate usernames.
For that are Particularly objectionable, violent, offensive, having a sexual background, quite radically charged or generally for a community are not acceptable names.
The gamigo Publishing GmbH has the right of deciding whether a user name is offensive.


6.
A cancel of the membership is possible at any time as long as no other contractual obligations of the member to gamigo Publishing GmbH exist.


7.
Each user has to follow the current laws in Germany.


8.
As a community member the user also becomes a member of all the Looki network pages.
This is done with a first registration at connected partners.
This includes all new found system pages after the registration as well.
The user will be provided with information about all pages connected to looki.de.
It has to be mentioned that various pages may require an additional registration und authentication.
This applies, for example, the use of browser games and / or fee-based.
With the termination of a commercial service of the gamigo Publishing GmbH or with the termination of participation of any other service, the Looki membership in the community will still exist.


9.
The member assures that all information stated through the registration is true.


10.
The member may or may not fill out all the fields in his account.
For the use of fee-based services an address and the details regarding the payment methods are required.


11.
Through membership the member agrees to receive information related to the community of gamigo Publishing GmbH or its affiliated advertising partners.


12.
The gamigo Publishing GmbH is not liable for the information provided in the network.


13.
The gamigo Publishing GmbH can change these terms at any time.
The member shall be informed in order to delete the membership for lack of acceptance.
Amounts already paid for any fee-based services which are already will be refunded within a period of three weeks regarding amount of services already consumed.


14.
Jurisdiction is Muenster.


15.
In case violation of these Looki has the right to terminate the membership one-sided and without notice and may demand appropriate compensation for damages


16.
The gamigo Publishing GmbH has the virtual house rights for all services operated by the company.

      