
         alertIcon alipayIcon alipayIconColor appleIcon appleIcon arrowDownOutline arrowLeftOutline arrowRightOutline arrowUpLeftOutline arrowUpOutline blogOutline bookmarkOutline businessOutline checkOutline checkboxRounded checkboxRoundedEmptyOutline checkboxRoundedIncompleteOutline checkboxRoundedOutline chevronDownOutline chevronLeftOutline chevronRightOutline chevronUpOutline Chrome closeOutline cogOutline compressOutline connectionIcon contactIcon contactOutline copyOutline couponIcon couponOutline covidOutline creditOutline crownOutline downloadOutline drAgenda drBook drDraft expandOutline facebookIcon facebookIconColor filterIcon filterOutline googleIcon googleIconColor googleIconOutline heart heartOutline helpIcon helpOutline historyOutline infoIcon infoOutline lensOutline linkOutline linkedinIcon loaderOutline loginOutline logoMain logoTld logoTld logoTldOnly logoTldOnly logoutOutline mailOutline moreHOutline moreOutline paypalIconColor paypalIcon playOutline plusOutline presskitOutline sadOutline shareOutline starIcon starOutline tourOutline trashOutline tuxIcon twitterIcon userOutline icons/outline/volume volumeOutline wechatIcon wechatIconColor whatsappIcon winIcon youtubeIcon Your browser does not support JavaScript! connectionIcon You are offline.
ludwig.guru / Terms and Conditions Free SignupSign Up 
Terms and Conditions of Use

These General Terms of Service (“General Terms”) are a legal agreement between you (“you,” “your”) and Ludwig S.r.l.s.
(”Ludwig”, “Our Company” or “The Company” “we”, “our”, or “us”) and govern your use of Ludwig’s services, including mobile applications, websites, software and any other products and services offered by Ludwig(collectively, the “Services”).
If you are using the Services on behalf of a business, you represent to us that you have authority to bind that business or entity to these terms, and that business accepts these terms.
By using any of the Services, you agree to these General Terms and to our Privacy Policy.
Please note that, if you are using our service after accepting any given specific term of use provided by Ludwig in case of special/promo offers, these specific terms form an integrated and binding part of our General Terms (collectively, the “Terms”).
You should read all of our terms carefully.
If you wish, below you find an index that will allow you to jump straight to the sections that most interest you.

Jump to section:

1 Introduction and General Provisions
2 Changes to the Agreements
3 Paid Subscriptions, Free Trials and automatic payment and renewal
4 Rights that Ludwig grants the user
5 Third Party Applications
6 User-Generated Content
7 Rights you grant us
8 User guidelines and security issues
9 Service limitations and modifications
10 Customer support
11 Payments, cancellations, and right of withdrawal
12 Term and termination
13 Warranty and disclaimer
14 Limitation
15 Third party rights
16 Entire agreement
17 Severability and waiver
18 Assignment
19 Indemnification
20 Choice of governing law, class action waiver and mandatory arbitration
21 Privacy
22 Communications
23 Language
1 Introduction and General Provisions

1.1 Thank you for choosing Ludwig.
Ludwig (available at https://ludwig.guru) is a linguistic search engine that allows its users to check and correct their writings.
Specifically, by typing and searching their queries on Ludwig users can compares their writings with correct English sentences coming from reliable sources.
Ludwig S.r.l.s., (”Ludwig”, “Our Company” or “The Company” “we”, “our”, or “us”) is the Italian limited company that owns and operates the web pages available at https://ludwig.guru/ and all sub-domains thereof (collectively, the “Site”).
Access to and use the software, app and services (collectively, “Services”) available on or through the Site (as well as any future Software or Services provided by Ludwig) are governed by this Terms of Service and License Agreement (“Agreement”).

THIS IS A LEGALLY BINDING AGREEMENT.
IF YOU DO NOT UNDERSTAND THIS AGREEMENT, OR DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY IT OR THE PRIVACY POLICY REFERENCED HEREIN, YOU MUST IMMEDIATELY LEAVE THE SITE AND YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO ACCESS OR USE ANY OF THE SERVICES OR SOFTWARE.
BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE, SERVICES AND/OR SOFTWARE, YOU CONFIRM THAT YOU ARE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OLD (OR IF YOU ARE BETWEEN 13 AND 17 YEARS OLD, INCLUSIVE, THAT YOU ARE USING THE SITE, SERVICES AND/OR SOFTWARE ONLY WITH THE APPROVAL OF YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN), THAT YOU ARE LEGALLY ABLE TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT, AND THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT.

If you are an individual: (1) free non-registered user, (2) free registered user, (3) user which is accessing the Site to use a Trial (as defined below) of the Services or Software , (4) paying subscriber or , more generically, anyone which is browsing the Site, this Agreement is between you, individually, and Ludwig.

If you are an employee, faculty member or student of a company, foundation, association, university, school or other entity or organization that has subscribed to the Services and Software (an “Enterprise Subscriber”), you are an “Authorized User” of your Enterprise Subscriber and (a) you represent that you have your Enterprise Subscriber’s permission and authority to use the Site, Services, Software and your Enterprise Subscriber’s “User Content” (as defined below) subject to this Agreement, (b) this Agreement is an agreement between you, individually, and Ludwig, and (c) your Enterprise Subscriber is jointly responsible for your use of the Site, Services and Software.
If you are entering into this Agreement on behalf of an Enterprise Subscriber, you represent that you have the authority to bind the Enterprise Subscriber to this Agreement, in which case references to “you” in this Agreement shall mean the Enterprise Subscriber.
If you do not have such authority, you must not accept this Agreement and may not use the Site, Software or Services.
Your agreement with us includes these Terms and Conditions of Use (“Terms”, “General Terms and Conditions, “General Terms”) and our Privacy Policy.
(The Terms, Privacy Policy, and any additional terms that you agree to, as discussed in the Entire Agreement section, are referred to together as the “Agreements”).
If you wish to review the terms of the Agreements, the effective version of the Agreements can be found on Ludwig’s website.
You acknowledge that you have read and understood the Agreements, accept them and agree to be bound by them.
If you don’t agree with (or cannot comply with) the Agreements, then you may not use the Ludwig Service or consume any Content.
So please read the Agreements carefully.
They cover important information about Ludwig Services provided to you and any charges, taxes, and fees we bill you.
The Agreements include, among others, information about: (1) future changes to the Agreements, (2) automatic renewals, (3) limitations of liability, (4) privacy information, (5) class action waiver, and (6) resolution of disputes by arbitration instead of in court.

1.2 These Terms of Use govern your use of our service.
As used in these Terms of Use, “Ludwig service”, “Ludwig’s service”, “our service” or “the service” means the service provided by Ludwig through the website, user interfaces, as well as all content and software associated with our service.
By signing up or otherwise using our service, websites, and software applications or accessing any content or material that is made available by Ludwig through the Service (the “Content”) you are entering into a binding contract with the Ludwig entity indicated at the bottom of this document.
Ludwig provides two distinct ways of using the Service:

A Free Basic Version that can be used for free with different daily limits of queries per day by both non registered and registered users.
Once their free daily limit of queries expired users can: (1) buy a Premium subscription (2).
come back the day after to enjoy their daily free queries.
Ludwig reserves the right at its sole discretion to establish and modify the daily limit of free queries that any free user can enjoy per day.
Moreover, Ludwig have no obligation to communicate or notify to any free user any modification of the daily limit of free queries established.

A Premium Version (“Ludwig membership”, “Premium membership” or “Premium Service”) with unlimited queries and additional features which can be purchased through monthly, yearly, biennial or lifetime Premium subscriptions plans.


1.3 The Site, Software and Services may include products and services that are available via a mobile device, including but not limited to: (a) the ability to upload content to the Services via a mobile device, (b) the ability to browse the Services and the Site from a mobile device, and (c) the ability to access certain features through an application downloaded and installed on a mobile device (collectively, “Mobile Services”).
To the extent you access the Service through a mobile device, your wireless service carrier’s standard charges, data rates and other fees may apply.
In addition, downloading, installing or using certain Mobile Services may be prohibited or restricted by your carrier, and not all Mobile Services may work with all carriers or devices.
By using the Mobile Services, you agree that Ludwig may communicate with you regarding Ludwig and other entities by electronic means to your mobile device and that certain information about your usage of the Mobile Services may be communicated to us.

1.4 You are responsible for obtaining and maintaining any equipment and ancillary services needed to connect to or access the Site or otherwise use the Services, including, without limitation, modems, hardware, software, internet service and telecommunications capacity.
You shall be solely responsible for ensuring that such equipment and ancillary services are compatible with the Services and Software.

1.5 In order to use the Ludwig Services you need to (1) be 18 or older, or be 13 or older and have your parent or guardian’s consent to the Agreements (except as set forth in the chart below), (2) have the power to enter a binding contract with us and not be barred from doing so under any applicable laws, and (3) be resident in a country where the Service is available.
You also promise that any registration information that you submit to Ludwig is true, accurate, and complete, and you agree to keep it that way at all times.
Any information that you provided during sign-up can be corrected during the sign-up process by returning to the previous screens or by correcting erroneous and/or incomplete information in your account profile.
If you are a resident of one of the countries listed in the table below, reference this table to know more about your country-specific age restrictions:
Country
Age Requirements
Chile, Ecuador, Paraguay, Peru
Must be 18 or older, or be 15 or older and have parent or guardian consent.
Brazil
Must be 18 or older, or be 16 or older and have parent or guardian consent
Nicaragua, Taiwan
Must be 20 or older, or be 13 or older and have parent or guardian consent.
Bulgaria, Hungary, Germany
Must be 18 or older, or be 14 or older and have parent or guardian consent
Italy
Must be 13 or older to use Free Service.
To register for a Paid Subscription, you must be 18 or older, or be 13 or older and have parent or guardian consent (your parents/guardians will enter into contract on behalf of you).
Malaysia
Must be 18 or older, or if 13 to 18, parent or guardian consent is required, and guardian enters into agreement.
Lithuania
Must be 13 or older to use Service.
For Paid Subscriptions, you must be 18 or older, or be 14 or older with parent or guardian consent.
If you are 13 to 18, guardian enters into agreement.
Spain 
Must be 14 or older to use Free Service.
To register for a Paid Subscription, you must be 18 or older, or be 14 or older and have parent or guardian consent (your parents/guardians will enter into contract on behalf of you)
Canada
Must be 13 or older to use Service.
For Paid Subscriptions, you must be age of majority in your province or territory of residence, or 13 or older with parent or guardian consent
2 Changes to the Agreements

2.1 Occasionally we may, in our discretion, make changes to the Agreements.
When we make material changes to the Agreements, we’ll provide you with prominent notice as appropriate under the circumstances, e.g., by displaying a prominent notice within the Service or by sending you an email.
In some cases, we will notify you in advance, and your continued use of the Service after the changes have been made will constitute your acceptance of the changes.
Please therefore make sure you read any such notice carefully.
If you do not wish to continue using the Service under the new version of the Agreements, you may stop use any Ludwig’s Services and/or terminate the Agreements by unsubscribing and/or contacting us sending an email to: contact@ludwig.guru
3 Paid Subscriptions, Free Trials and automatic payment and renewal

3.1 Your monthly or yearly subscription to Ludwig Premium will be automatically renewed until you terminate it.
You can find specific details regarding your Ludwig membership by visiting our website and clicking on the “Account” link available at the top of the pages of the Ludwig website under your profile name.
Some Ludwig services are provided to you for free while other Ludwig services require payment before you can access them.
The Ludwig services that may be accessed after payment are currently referred to as the “Premium membership”, “Premium subscription”,“Premium Service” or the “Premium Version”.
The Ludwig service that does not require payment is currently referred to as the “Free Service”.
You can learn more about our services by visiting our website: https://ludwig.guru/.
To use the Ludwig service you must have Internet access, a working device, and provide a current, valid, accepted method of payment, which you may update from time to time.
Unless you cancel your membership before your monthly/yearly billing date, you authorize us to charge your next monthly/annual membership fee to your selected Payment Method (see “Cancellation” below).

3.2 Your Ludwig membership may start with a free trial (“Trial”, “The Trial”) or with a promo offer (“Offer”, “The Offer”).
We offer trials of Paid Subscriptions for a specified period without payment (a “Trial”).
Specifically, we offer fifteen (15) days of free trial of the Premium Service when users purchase a monthly or yearly Premium subscription.
It should be pointed out that any user can enjoy the free trial of fifteen (15) days only once.
Ludwig reserves the right, in its absolute discretion, to determine your eligibility for a Trial, and, subject to applicable laws, to withdraw or to modify a Trial at any time without prior notice and with no liability, to the greatest extent permitted under the law.
We reserve the right to revoke the free trial and put your account on hold in the event that we determine that you are not eligible.
We may use information such as device ID, method of payment or an account email address used with an existing or recent Ludwig membership to determine eligibility.
For combinations with other offers, restrictions may apply.
Promo offers are regulated by different Terms of Use.
Therefore, to activate any Promo offer you will agree to separate terms and conditions.
Those terms and conditions shall govern only with regard to the specific promo offer to which they apply, and are distinct from and supplemental to these Agreements, and do not supersede these Agreements.
If a provision contained in terms and conditions of a Promo offer conflict with these Terms, those separate terms and conditions shall prevail only to the extent of such conflict.

3.3 In order to start the Trial we will require you to register to Ludwig and provide your payment details.
We will charge your monthly/yearly membership fee at the end of the free trial period unless you cancel your membership prior to the end of the free trial period.

SPECIFICALLY, AT THE END OF THE TRIAL, WE AUTOMATICALLY START TO CHARGE YOU FOR THE APPLICABLE PAID SUBSCRIPTION ON THE FIRST DAY FOLLOWING THE END OF THE TRIAL, ON A RECURRING MONTHLY/YEARLY BASIS.
BY PROVIDING YOUR PAYMENT DETAILS IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE TRIAL, YOU AGREE TO THIS CHARGE USING SUCH PAYMENT DETAILS.
IF YOU DO NOT WANT THIS CHARGE, YOU MUST CANCEL THE APPLICABLE PAID SUBSCRIPTION THROUGH YOUR LUDWIG ACCOUNT’S SUBSCRIPTION PAGE OR TERMINATE YOUR LUDWIG ACCOUNT BEFORE THE END OF THE TRIAL.
IF YOU DO NOT WANT TO CONTINUE TO BE CHARGED ON A RECURRING MONTHLY OR YEARLY BASIS (DEPENDING ON THE PREMIUM SUBSCRIPTION PURCHASED), YOU MUST CANCEL THE APPLICABLE PAID SUBSCRIPTION THROUGH YOUR LUDWIG ACCOUNT’S SUBSCRIPTION PAGE OR TERMINATE YOUR LUDWIG ACCOUNT BEFORE THE END OF THE RECURRING PERIOD OF FIFTEEN (15) DAYS.
PAID SUBSCRIPTIONS CANNOT BE TERMINATED BEFORE THE END OF THE PERIOD FOR WHICH YOU HAVE ALREADY PAID, AND EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THESE TERMS, LUDWIG WILL NOT REFUND ANY FEES THAT YOU HAVE ALREADY PAID.
THE LIMITATION SECTION SETS ADDITIONAL TERMS REGARDING CANCELLATION OF YOUR PAID SUBSCRIPTION.
THE FREE TRIAL OF FIFTEEN (15) DAYS CAN BE OFFERED ONLY ONCE TO ANY USER.

3.4 Refund policy.
Not satisfied with your Ludwig Premium subscription? We offer a 15-day no-questions-asked refund guarantee.
The subscription's first billing will take place the day after the end of the free trial period.
We will charge your monthly/yearly subscription fee at the end of your free trial period, unless you cancel your membership prior to the end of the free trial period.
Please note that, if you have cancelled your subscription after the end of the free trial period WE WILL NOT REFUND ANY SUBSCRIPTION FEE.
In addition, no refund (partial or full) is available if you cancel your monthly/yearly premium subscription after the billing period.
The cancellation of a subscription only affects auto-renewal and future payments.
Once you cancel your subscription, auto-renewal payments will stop.


3.5 Lifetime premium subscription plan.
Ludwig also offers a lifetime premium subscription plan that allows one to access Ludwig’s premium services at the time of your purchase for as long as Ludwig’s services are available.
If you purchase a Ludwig lifetime premium subscription plan, you will be charged for the entire lifetime plan amount in one single payment.
Naturally, since it is a lifetime plan, there will be no future renewals.
Please note that we may use a third-party payment processor to facilitate your payments.
You may not assign your Ludwig lifetime premium subscription plan to any other person.
Ludwig makes no warranties or representations that any of its services will continue to be available for any period of time, and in purchasing a Ludwig lifetime premium subscription plan, you acknowledge and agree that Ludwig’s services could change or terminate at any time in the future.
Therefore, in the event Ludwig: discontinues the service or ceases to do business, or in the event of an acquisition of Ludwig, change of control of Ludwig, significant merger, or other legal reorganization no refund will be issued for the cost of the service.
If Ludwig terminates your account because of a violation of our terms of service, Ludwig will not refund any portion of your subscription price.
If your Ludwig lifetime premium subscription account has no activity for a period of 2 years we will consider that account dormant and will remove online access to the data.
We will then keep the data for an additional 1-year, at which point we will delete your data.
Activity is defined as a login to the Ludwig service.
You can cancel your Ludwig lifetime premium subscription plan at any time, however cancellation of a Ludwig lifetime premium subscription plan will not result in a refund.
Please note that, as any other premium plans, a lifetime plan may not include all the features developed by Ludwig.
Therefore, in order to get any features that are not included in the premium plans, you will be asked to upgrade your plan and pay an additional fee to include those features you are interested in.
4 Rights that Ludwig grants the user

4.1 Any Ludwig Service, including any software, app, content, feedback and user content, are the property of Ludwig or Ludwig's licensors.
We grant the user a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable and revocable license to make use of the Ludwig Service (the “License”).
This License shall remain in effect until and unless terminated by you or Ludwig.
You promise and agree that you are using the Service for your own personal, non-commercial use and that you will not redistribute or transfer the Ludwig Service or the Content.
More specifically, If you are: (1) an individual subscriber, Ludwig grants you a personal, limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-sharable, non-transferable, revocable license to access and make use of the Site, the Services and the Software solely for your own personal purposes.
(2) an Enterprise Subscriber, Ludwig grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable, revocable license to access and make use of the Site, the Services and the Software solely for your internal business purposes.
In addition, you may permit such number of Authorized Users as has been agreed between you and Ludwig to access and make use of the Site, Services and Software.
(3) an Authorized User, Ludwig grants you a personal, limited, non- exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable, revocable license to access and make use of the Site, the Services and the Software solely for the internal business purposes of your Enterprise Subscriber.

4.2 The Ludwig Service, software applications, contents and apps are licensed, not sold, to you, and Ludwig and its licensors retain ownership of all copies of the Ludwig Service, software applications, contents and apps even after installation on your personal computers, mobile handsets, tablets, and/or other relevant devices (“Devices”).

4.3 Ludwig may offer certain Software, including certain interfaces, for download from the Site (“Ancillary Software”).
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you may install and use Ancillary Software on computers owned, leased or otherwise controlled by you, solely for in conjunction with your authorized use of the Services.
Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason, you shall cease any further use of the Ancillary Software and shall promptly destroy all copies thereof in your possession.
Certain Services or Software (including Ancillary Software) may be subject to additional limitations, restrictions, terms and/or conditions specific to such Services or Software (“Specific Terms”).
In such cases, the applicable Specific Terms will be made available to you and your access to and use of the relevant Services or Software will be contingent upon your acceptance of and compliance with such Specific Terms.
In case there is any conflict between any additional terms and these Terms, the additional terms shall prevail.

4.4 All Ludwig trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, domain names, and any other features of the Ludwig brand (“Ludwig Brand Features”) are the sole property of Ludwig or its licensors.
The Agreements do not grant you any rights to use any Ludwig Brand Features whether for commercial or non-commercial use.

4.5 You agree to abide by our User guidelines and not to use any of the Ludwig Services and or Contents, or any part thereof in any manner not expressly permitted by the Agreements.
Except for the rights expressly granted to you in these Agreements, Ludwig grants no right, title, or interest to you in any of the Ludwig Services or Contents.

4.6 Data protection.
We are fully committed to protect your privacy and personal data and be compliant under GDPR.
The complete list that we grant to our users in order to protect their privacy and data can be found in article 5 of our Privacy Policy.

4.7 Notice To California Users.
In order to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), the following information show the categories of personal information about California residents we have collected or disclosed over the previous twelve months.
Specifically, we collected and disclosed the following categories of personal information (including through third-party service providers):

Name, surname email address, IP addresses, device IDs, mobile advertising IDs;

Payment and financial information you provide when you purchase a premium Subscription or use certain Ludwig's features;
Commercial information, such as Subscription and other purchase or transaction information related to your use of the Platform;
Internet or other network activity information, including browsing and search history and other information about your use of the Platform;
Geolocation data derived from IP addresses;
We disclosed the categories of personal information above, including to our service providers and affiliates, for a range of operational business purposes, including:

To operate and maintain operative both Ludwig and your account;

To market and sell our services;
To provide personalized content and ads;
To perform research and development;
To perform data and business analytics;
To detect and prevent fraud or abuse;
To perform identity verification;
To process Subscription payments;
To process user inquiries and requests;
To perform security and other risk testing;
To undertake quality assurance measures;
To maintain our systems and infrastructure;
To comply with law or exercise or defend legal claims;
To perform accounting, audits and other internal functions.
and
To otherwise operate our business and achieve our business objectives.
For purposes of CCPA, the disclosure of personal information to our advertising partners to provide you with personalized ads may constitute a “sale” in some instances.
The personal information disclosed is limited to the following:

IP address and device ID

General location information
We do not otherwise “sell” personal information.
Exercising Your California Privacy Rights
CCPA and other California law provides California residents with the additional rights listed below.
You may exercise any of the rights described in this section by contacting us at contact@ludwig.guru .
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before taking further action on your request.

Right to Access: You have the right to know and access what data we have collected about you over the past 12 months, including:


The categories of personal information we’ve collected about you;
The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information;
The categories of personal information about you which we shared and/or sold;
The categories of third parties we have shared or sold personal information to.
and
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.

Right to Delete: You have the right to request that we delete personal information we have collected from you (and direct our service providers to do the same).
In some instances, however, we may decline to honor your request where an exception applies.
Right to Opt Out: You have the right to opt-out of any future “sale” of personal information about you by sending us an email to contact@ludwig.guru asking to do so.
Other Rights: You can request certain information about our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year.
This request may be made once a year.
You also have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of the rights listed above.

5 Third Party Applications

5.1 The Ludwig Service is integrated with third party applications, websites, and services (“Third Party Applications”) to make available content, products, and/or services to you.
These Third Party Applications may have their own terms and conditions of use and privacy policies and your use of these Third Party Applications will be governed by and subject to such terms and conditions and privacy policies.
You understand and agree that Ludwig does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for the behavior, features, or content of any Third Party Application or for any transaction you may enter into with the provider of any such Third Party Applications.

5.2 Any links on the Site to third party websites are provided for your convenience only.
If you choose to access third party websites or obtain products or services from third parties, you do so entirely at your own risk and such access is between you and such third party.
Consequently, Ludwig does not warrant or make any representation regarding the legality, accuracy or authenticity of content presented by such websites or any products or services offered by third parties and shall have no liability for any loss or damages arising from the access or use of such websites, products or services.
6 User-Generated Content

6.1 Among other uses, Ludwig users basically use the Service by typing their queries and/or feedbacks (“User Content” or “Your Contents”).
For the avoidance of doubt, “User Content” includes but are not limited to any content provided by our users to any part of the Ludwig Service (User Content includes, among other things, any query typed, including those with grammar mistakes, contained in the content or information transmitted by the user while using our Services).
If you provide any User Content to Ludwig regarding the Service, you acknowledge that your contents are not confidential and you authorize Ludwig to use your contents without restriction and without payment to you.
Accordingly, you hereby grant to Ludwig a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, fully-paid, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable, and fully sub-licensable right to use your feedbacks and contents in any manner , for any purpose (included but not limited to: copy, store and use your User Content and, if you are an Authorized User, your Enterprise Subscriber’s User Content) and in connection with the provision of the Software and the Services and to improve the algorithms underlying the Software and the Services.

6.2 Ludwig has no obligation to monitor, review, use or edit any User Content.
Ludwig may take these actions without prior notification to you or any third party.
and shall have no liability to you or any other person or entity with respect to that, including, without limitation, liability with respect to any information (including your confidential information) contained in or apparent from any User Content.
You warrant, represent and covenant that you own or have a valid and enforceable license to use and communicate us all the information, feedbacks and contents, and that no User Content infringes, misappropriates or violates the rights (including, without limitation, any copyrights or other intellectual property rights) of any person or entity or any applicable law, rule or regulation of any government authority of competent jurisdiction.

6.3 If you provide feedback, ideas or suggestions to Ludwig in connection with the Ludwig Service or Content (“Feedbacks”), you acknowledge that your Feedbacks are not confidential and you authorize Ludwig to use those Feedbacks without restriction and without payment to you.
Feedbacks are considered a type of User Content.

6.4 You are solely responsible for all text, documents or any other content or information uploaded, entered or otherwise transmitted/provided by you in connection with your use of the Services and/or Software.
Therefore, Ludwig is not responsible for any of the User Content you provided nor does it endorse any opinion contained in any of the User Content.

YOU AGREE THAT IF ANYONE BRINGS A CLAIM AGAINST LUDWIG RELATED TO ANY OF THE USER CONTENT THAT YOU PROVIDED, THEN, TO THE EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER LOCAL LAW, YOU WILL INDEMNIFY AND HOLD LUDWIG HARMLESS FROM AND AGAINST ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND EXPENSES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEY FEES AND COSTS) ARISING OUT OF SUCH CLAIM.

6.5 Ludwig is not responsible for the loss, corruption or other changes to User Content.
Without limiting the foregoing, any feature(s) of the Services and/or Software that may permit you to temporarily save or otherwise store User Content is offered for your convenience only and Ludwig does not guarantee that the User Content will be retrievable.
You are solely responsible for saving, storing and otherwise maintaining User Content including by maintaining backup copies of your User Content on appropriate independent systems that do not rely on the Services and/or Software.

6.6 Data portability.
Right to data portability.
You have the right to receive your data in a structured format, commonly used and readable by automatic device and, where technically feasible, to obtain the transfer without hindrance to another holder.
This provision is applicable when the Data are processed with automated tools and the processing is based on the User's consent, on a contract of which the User is a party or on contractual measures connected to it.
7 Rights you grant us

7.1 In consideration for the rights granted to you under the Agreements, you grant us the right (1) to use all the information provided in order to allow us to provide our service regularly and/or facilitate the operation of the Service, (2) to provide advertising and other information to you, and (3) to allow our business partners to do the same.
In any part of the Ludwig Free Service, the Content you view, including its selection and placement, may be influenced by commercial considerations, including agreements with third parties.
Some Content licensed or provided to Ludwig may contain advertising as part of the Content.
In such cases, Ludwig will make such Content available to you unmodified.

7.2 You grant Ludwig a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, perpetual (or, in jurisdictions where this is not permitted, for a term equal to the duration of the Agreements plus twenty (20) years), irrevocable, fully paid, worldwide license to use, reproduce, make available to the public (e.g.
perform or display), publish, translate, modify, create derivative works from, and distribute any of your User Content in connection with the Service through any medium, whether alone or in combination with other content or materials, in any manner and by any means, method or technology, whether now known or hereafter created.
Aside from the rights specifically granted herein, you retain ownership of all rights, including intellectual property rights, in the User Content.
Where applicable and permitted under applicable law, you also agree to waive any “moral rights” (or the equivalent under applicable law) such as your right to be identified as the author of any User Content, including your Feedbacks, and your right to object to derogatory treatment of such User Content.
8 User guidelines and security issues

8.1 Ludwig respects intellectual property rights and expects you to do the same.
We have established a few ground rules for you to follow when using the Service, to make sure Ludwig stays enjoyable for everyone.
Please follow these rules and encourage other users to do the same.
For these reason, the following actions, practices and conducts are not permitted for any reason whatsoever:

copying, redistributing, reproducing, ripping, recording, transferring, performing or displaying to the public, broadcasting, or making available to the public any part of the Ludwig Service or the Content, or otherwise making any use of the Ludwig Service or the Content which is not expressly permitted under the Agreements or applicable law or which otherwise infringes the intellectual property rights (such as copyright) in the Ludwig Service or the Content or any part of it;

transferring copies of cached Content from an authorized Device to any other Device via any means;
reverse-engineering, decompiling, disassembling, modifying, or creating derivative works based on the Ludwig Service, Content or any part thereof unless permitted by applicable law;
circumventing any technology used by Ludwig, its licensors, or any third party to protect the Content or the Service;
selling, renting, sublicensing or leasing of any part of the Ludwig Service or the Content;
circumventing any territorial restrictions applied by Ludwig or it licensors;
artificially increasing play count or otherwise manipulating the Services by using a script or other automated process;
removing or altering any copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property notices contained on or provided through the Ludwig Service (including for the purpose of disguising or changing any indications of the ownership or source of any Content);
providing your password to any other person or using any other person’s username and password;
“crawling” the Ludwig Service or otherwise using any automated means (including bots, scrapers, and spiders) to collect information from Ludwig;
selling a user account or otherwise accepting any compensation, financial or otherwise, to influence the name of an account or the content included on an account.
interfere or attempt to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including, without limitation, by means of submitting malicious software or computer code (“Malicious Code”) to the Site or Services, load testing, overloading, “flooding,” “spamming,” “mail bombing,” “crashing,”;
automate access to the Site or the Services, including, without limitation, through the use of APIs, bots, scrapers or other similar devices;
engage in any activity which is or includes material that: (1) is offensive, abusive, defamatory, pornographic, threatening, or obscene.
(2) is illegal, or intended to promote or commit an illegal act of any kind, including but not limited to violations of intellectual property rights, privacy rights, or proprietary rights of Ludwig or a third party.
(3) includes your password or purposely includes any other user’s password or purposely includes personal data of third parties or is intended to solicit such personal data.
(4) includes malicious content such as malware, Trojan horses, or viruses, or otherwise interferes with any user’s access to the Service.
(5) is intended to or does harass or bully other users.
(6) impersonates or misrepresents your affiliation with another user, person, or entity, or is otherwise fraudulent, false, deceptive, or misleading.
(7) uses automated means to artificially promote content.
(8) involves the transmission of unsolicited mass mailings or other forms of spam (“spam”), junk mail, chain letters, or similar, including through the Ludwig inbox.
(9) involves commercial or sales activities, such as advertising, promotions, contests, sweepstakes, or pyramid schemes, that are not expressly authorized by Ludwig.
(10) links to, references, or otherwise promotes commercial products or services, except as expressly authorized by Ludwig.
(11) interferes with or in any way disrupts the Ludwig Service, tampers with, breaches, or attempts to probe, scan, or test for vulnerabilities in the Service or Ludwig’s computer systems, network, usage rules, or any of Ludwig’s security components, authentication measures or any other protection measures applicable to the Service, the Content or any part thereof.
(12) conflicts with the Agreements, as determined by Ludwig.
permit any third party to do any of the foregoing
access or use the Services, Software or Ludwig IP for the benefit of any third party (except to the extent that Authorized Users may access and make use of the Site, the Services and the Software solely for the internal business purposes of their Enterprise Subscriber);
transfer to any third party any of your rights under this Agreement (except to the extent that an Enterprise Subscriber may permit such number of Authorized Users as has been agreed between the Enterprise Subscriber and Ludwig to access and make use of the Site, Services and Software)

8.2 Your password protects your user account, and you are solely responsible for keeping your password confidential and secure.
The client who created the Ludwig account and whose Payment Method is charged (the “Account Owner”) has access and control over the Ludwig account used to access our service.
To maintain control over the account and to prevent anyone from accessing the account, the Account Owner should not reveal the password nor details of the Payment Method associated with the account to anyone.
You are responsible for updating and maintaining the accuracy of the information you provide to us relating to your account.
We can terminate your account or place your account on hold in order to protect you, Ludwig or our partners from identity theft or other fraudulent activity.
You understand that you are responsible for all use of your username and password on the Service.
If your username or password is lost or stolen, or if you believe there has been unauthorized access to your account by third parties, please change your password as soon as possible and notify us immediately about this by sending an email at: contact@ludwig.guru.
Please remember that share your Ludwig’s account with other people is illegal and strictly prohibited by this Agreement.
If we detect that a personal account is shared between two or more people we will immediately close the account and we reserve the right to take legal actions against such infringement.
9 Service limitations and modifications

9.1 Ludwig will make reasonable efforts to keep the Ludwig Service operational.
However, certain technical difficulties or maintenance may, from time to time, result in temporary interruptions.
To the extent permissible under applicable law, Ludwig reserves the right, periodically and at any time, to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, functions and features of the Ludwig Service, with or without notice, all without liability to you, except where prohibited by law, for any interruption, modification, or discontinuation of the Ludwig Service or any function or feature thereof.

9.2 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you have bought a monthly or annual premium subscription that Ludwig permanently discontinue prior to the end of its validity period, Ludwig will refund you the fees paid and not enjoyed because of such discontinuation.
You understand, agree, and accept that Ludwig has no obligation to maintain, support, upgrade, or update the Service, or to provide all or any specific content through the Service.
This section will be enforced to the extent permissible by applicable law.
Ludwig and/or the owners of any Content may, from time to time, remove any such Content without notice to the extent permitted by applicable law.
10 Customer support

10.1 For customer support with account-related and payment-related questions (“Customer Support Queries”), please sending an email at: contact@ludwig.guru.
We will use reasonable endeavours to respond to all Customer Support Queries within a reasonable time frame but we make no guarantees or warranties of any kind that any Customer Support Queries will be responded to within any particular time frame and/or that we will be able to satisfactorily answer any such queries. 10.2 We also manage customer support issues with Customerly.io.
This service allows Users to interact with us through a third-party live chat platform directly from the pages of this Website, for contacting and being contacted by this Website support service.
You can find more info about Customerly at: https://www.customerly.io/privacy and https://www.customerly.io/terms-of-use
11 Payments, cancellations, and right of withdrawal

11.1 Ludwig uses a third-party payment processor (the “Payment Processor”) to link your credit card account to the Service.
The processing of payments or credits, as applicable, in connection with your use of the Service will be subject to the terms, conditions and privacy policies of the Payment Processor and your credit card issuer in addition to these Terms.
Ludwig is therefore not responsible for any errors by the Payment Processor.
In connection with your use of the Service, Ludwig will obtain certain transaction details, which Ludwig will use solely in accordance with its Privacy Policy.
Specifically, we use Stripe (https://stripe.com) to process credit card payments on our website.
Stripe is certified as PCI Service Provider Level 1 the most stringent level of certification possible.
When you opt into saving your credit card with us, all storage of sensitive information (i.e., your credit card number) is kept in Stripe’s secure environment.
At no point can we see or store your credit card number on our systems.
You can learn more about Stripe’s Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy by accessing the following link: https://stripe.com/privacy


11.2 The membership fee for the Ludwig service and any other charges you may incur in connection with your use of the service, such as taxes and possible transaction fees, will be charged on a monthly or yearly basis (depending on the Premium plan previously purchased/subscribed) to your Payment Method on the calendar day corresponding to the commencement of the paying portion of your membership.
In some cases your payment date may change, for example if your Payment Method has not successfully settled or if your paid membership began on a day not contained in a given month.
You can change your Payment Method by visiting our website and clicking on the “Your Account” section.
If a payment is not successfully settled, due to expiration, insufficient funds, or otherwise, and you do not change your Payment Method or cancel your account, we may suspend your access to the service until we have obtained a valid Payment Method.
When you update your Payment Method, you authorize us to continue charging the updated Payment Method, and you remain responsible for any uncollected amounts.
This may result in a change to your payment billing dates.
For some Payment Methods, the issuer of your Payment Method may charge you certain fees, such as a foreign transaction fee or other fees relating to the processing of your Payment Method.
Local tax charges may vary depending on the Payment Method used.
Check with your Payment Method service provider for details.

11.3 When you register for a Premium Subscription or Free Trial, you consent to get access to Ludwig Premium immediately.
Given that we already offer a free trial of fifteen (15) days of the Ludwig’s Premium Service, Refunds will not, however, be provided once that the free trial period of fifteen (15) days expires.
Moreover, it must be noted that the fifteen days free trial is not included if you are purchasing a Promo Offer or any discounted offer directly from Ludwig or a third party.


11.4 Your payment to Ludwig’ Premium Service will automatically renew at the end of the monthly or yearly subscription period, unless you cancel your Premium Subscription before the end of the current subscription period.
You can cancel your Ludwig membership at any time, and you will continue to have access to the Ludwig service through the end of your monthly billing period.
To the extent permitted by the applicable law, payments are non-refundable and we do not provide refunds or credits for any partial-month membership periods.
If you cancel your membership, you will be automatically downgraded to the Free Service at the end of your current billing period.
More specifically, the cancellation will take effect the day after the last day of the current subscription period.
However, if you cancel your payment or Paid Subscription and/or terminate any of the Agreements before the end of the current subscription period, we will not refund any subscription fees already paid to us.
To cancel, go to your “Account” and follow the instructions for cancellation.

11.5 If you have purchased your Paid Subscription through a third party, your subscription is also subject to the terms of your agreement with that third party (in addition to these Terms).
To cancel your subscription, you must cancel directly with that third party.

11.6 Ludwig reserves the right to revise its Fees, including by increasing or adding new Fees, at any time on ten (10) days’ notice.
Such notice may be sent to you by email to your most recently provided email address or posted on the Site or by any other manner chosen by Ludwig in its commercially reasonable discretion.
You will be deemed to have received any such notice that is posted on the Site on the day it was posted.
Your use of the Services after the ten (10) day notice period constitutes your acceptance of the new or revised Fees.
The Price changes for Paid Subscriptions will take effect at the start of your next monthly or yearly subscription period.
As permitted by local law, you accept the new price by continuing to use the Ludwig Service after the price change takes effect.
If you do not agree with the price changes, you have the right to reject the change by unsubscribing from the Ludwig Service prior to the price change going into effect.
Please therefore make sure you read any such notification of price changes carefully.

11.7 By subscribing to Ludwig’s Premium Service you acknowledge that you lost your right to withdrawal, but this does not affect your right to cancel your membership at any time.
The right of withdrawal is a right that allows European consumers to withdraw from their contract within 14 days of its effective date.
Since we at Ludwig already provide our customers with fifteen (15) days of free trial, we rely on an exception for digital content providers, and our service does not include a right of withdrawal.
Ludwig does not offer a right of withdrawal in any European country, however you can cancel at any time during the free trial of fifteen (15) days or after.
After 15 days from your purchase, you may cancel your subscription as described above but you will not receive a refund.
Specifically, at the end of the trial we will automatically apply the yearly/monthly price, at the then-current yearly/monthly price, and start charge your payment details on a yearly/monthly recurring basis, unless you cancel or change your subscription before the trial period ends.
The law requires us to inform you that you do not have a right of withdrawal.
To this end, when our customers sign up in any European country they acknowledge that they lose their right of withdrawal.
Acknowledging that you lose your right of withdrawal will not affect any of your other rights as a consumer and will not affect your ability to cancel your subscription at any time.

11.8 Invoices.
Please note that, according to Italian Fiscal law, if you need an invoice, you have to request it before you go through the payment process.
To request an invoice for your payments, send a request to invoice@ludwig.guru, adding invoice information (Business name, complete address, and VAT number).
You have 48 hours from the valid payment to request your invoice.
Don't forget that if you request an invoice for a purchase, we will send it only if you have effectively paid a premium subscription.
Once you sent us a request for your invoice within 48 hours from the payment, we will send you the invoice within seven days from the date of the effective activation of your premium subscription.
We will send you the invoice at the email address you have used to register.
12 Term and termination

12.1 The Agreements will continue to apply to you until terminated by either you or Ludwig.
However, you acknowledge and agree that the perpetual license granted by you in relation to User Content, including Feedback, is irrevocable and will therefore continue after expiry or termination of any of the Agreements for any reason.
Ludwig may terminate the Agreements or suspend your access to the Ludwig Service at any time, including in the event of your actual or suspected unauthorized use of the Ludwig Service and/or Content, or non-compliance with the Agreements.
If you or Ludwig terminate the Agreements, or if Ludwig suspends your access to the Ludwig Service, you agree that Ludwig shall have no liability or responsibility to you and Ludwig will not refund any amounts that you have already paid, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law.
To learn how to terminate your Ludwig account, please contact us through the Customer Service contact: contact@ludwig.guru.
This section will be enforced to the extent permissible by applicable law.
You may terminate the Agreements at any time.

12.2 If you are an Authorized User of an Enterprise Subscriber, and this Agreement or the applicable agreement for Services and Software is terminated in relation to such Enterprise Subscriber, or if you otherwise lose access to the Services and Software via your Enterprise Subscriber (e.g., if you graduate from that Enterprise Subscriber or are no longer employed by that Enterprise Subscriber), Ludwig may elect in its discretion to (a) terminate your account or (b) downgrade your account to an individual subscriber account, at which point you agree that your use of the Services and Software will be as an individual subscriber in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (which Agreement at that point will be solely between you and Ludwig).
If you are an Authorized User of an Enterprise Subscriber, your Enterprise Subscriber may elect in its discretion and at any time to revoke your Authorized User status and (a) terminate your account or (b) downgrade your account to an individual subscriber account, at which point you agree that your use of the Services and Software will be as an individual subscriber in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (which Agreement at that point will be solely between you and Ludwig).
Upon termination of your account(s) for any reason, your right to use the Services and Software and to access the Site and any of its content will immediately cease and all content in your account(s) will be deleted.
All provisions of this Agreement that by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, limitations of liability and miscellaneous provisions.
Except as may be expressly set forth herein, all Fees paid or accrued in connection with any Services are non-refundable, and Ludwig will not prorate any Fees paid for a subscription that is terminated before the end of its term.

12.3 This article applies only to Enterprise Subscribers.
Either Ludwig or you may terminate this Agreement by notice if the other party breaches any material term of this Agreement and fails to cure such breach within thirty (30) days after receipt of notice of the breach from the non-defaulting party.
In addition, Ludwig may suspend the Services upon notice if you fail to make any payment when due and fail to cure such breach within ten (10) days after receipt of notice of the breach from Ludwig.
Any such suspension or termination shall be without limitation of any other right or remedy available to the terminating party.
Ludwig may terminate this Agreement for convenience upon sixty (60) days’ prior written notice without liability to you.
Following a termination pursuant to the foregoing sentence, Ludwig shall refund the pro rata portion of any Fees relating to the remaining term, as applicable.
Either Ludwig or you may terminate this Agreement immediately upon notice to the other party if the other party has a receiver or similar party appointed for all or substantially all of its property, is declared insolvent by a court of competent jurisdiction, ceases to do business in the ordinary course, files a petition in bankruptcy or has a petition filed against it in bankruptcy, becomes the subject of any court or administrative proceeding related to its liquidation or insolvency (whether voluntary or involuntary) that is not dismissed within ninety (90) days, or makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors.
If this Agreement is terminated or otherwise expires for any reason, you shall promptly return to Ludwig or destroy, as directed by Ludwig, all Confidential Information, Software and other materials in your possession or under your control belonging to Ludwig, and all rights and licenses granted by Ludwig pursuant to this Agreement shall terminate.
Upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement, your right to use the Services and Software and to access the Site and any of its content will immediately cease and Ludwig may elect in its discretion to (a) terminate your Authorized Users’ accounts or (b) downgrade your Authorized Users’ accounts to individual subscriber accounts.
All provisions of this Agreement that by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, limitations of liability and miscellaneous provisions.
13 Warranty and disclaimer

13.1 DESPITE LUDWIG ALWAYS MANAGE TO PROVIDE THE BEST SERVICE POSSIBLE, YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THE LUDWIG SERVICE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”, WITHOUT EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND.
YOU USE THE LUDWIG SERVICE AT YOUR OWN RISK.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY ANY APPLICABLE LAWS, LUDWIG AND ALL OWNERS OF THE CONTENT MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS AND DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON- INFRINGEMENT.
NEITHER LUDWIG NOR ANY OWNER OF CONTENT WARRANTS THAT THE LUDWIG SERVICE IS FREE OF MALWARE OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
IN ADDITION, LUDWIG MAKES NO REPRESENTATION NOR DOES IT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS (OR THE CONTENT THEREOF), USER CONTENT, OR ANY OTHER PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY ON OR THROUGH THE LUDWIG SERVICE OR ANY HYPERLINKED WEBSITE, OR FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING.
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT LUDWIG IS NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS OF THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS OR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ADVERTISED ON OR THROUGH THE LUDWIG SERVICE.
AS WITH ANY PURCHASE OF A PRODUCT OR SERVICE THROUGH ANY MEDIUM OR IN ANY ENVIRONMENT, YOU SHOULD USE YOUR JUDGMENT AND EXERCISE CAUTION WHERE APPROPRIATE.
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION WHETHER ORAL OR IN WRITING OBTAINED BY YOU FROM LUDWIG SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY ON BEHALF OF LUDWIG IN THIS REGARD.
SOME ASPECTS OF THIS SECTION MAY NOT APPLY IN SOME JURISDICTIONS IF PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
THIS DOES NOT AFFECT YOUR STATUTORY RIGHTS AS A CONSUMER.
14 Limitation

14.1 YOU AGREE THAT, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY PROBLEMS OR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE LUDWIG SERVICE IS TO UNINSTALL ANY LUDWIG SOFTWARE AND/OR APP AND TO STOP USING THE LUDWIG SERVICE.
WHILE LUDWIG ACCEPTS NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS OR THE CONTENT THEREOF, AND WHILE YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH SUCH THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS MAY BE GOVERNED BY SEPARATE AGREEMENTS WITH SUCH THIRD PARTIES, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, AS WITH RESPECT TO LUDWIG, FOR ANY PROBLEMS OR DISSATISFACTION WITH THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS OR THE CONTENT THEREOF, IS TO UNINSTALL AND/OR STOP USING ANY SUCH THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS.

14.2 TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL LUDWIG, ITS OFFICERS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, DIRECTORS, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNS, SUPPLIERS, OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR (1) ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
(2) ANY LOSS OF USE, DATA, BUSINESS, OR PROFITS (WHETHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT), IN ALL CASES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LUDWIG SERVICE, THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS, OR THIRD PARTY APPLICATION CONTENT, REGARDLESS OF LEGAL THEORY, WITHOUT REGARD TO WHETHER LUDWIG HAS BEEN WARNED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF THOSE DAMAGES, AND EVEN IF A REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
OR (3) AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO THE LUDWIG SERVICE, THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS, OR THIRD PARTY APPLICATION CONTENT MORE THAN THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU TO LUDWIG DURING THE PRIOR TWELVE MONTHS IN QUESTION, TO THE EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW.
15 Third party rights

15.1 You acknowledge and agree that the owners of the Content and certain distributors are intended beneficiaries of the Agreements and have the right to enforce the Agreements directly against you.
Other than as set out in this section, the Agreements are not intended to grant rights to anyone except you and Ludwig, and in no event shall the Agreements create any third party beneficiary rights.
Furthermore, the rights to terminate, rescind, or agree to any variation, waiver, or settlement of the Agreements are not subject to the consent of any other person.
16 Entire agreement
16.1 These Agreements constitute all the terms and conditions agreed upon between you and Ludwig and supersede any prior agreements in relation to the subject matter of these Agreements, whether written or oral (General Terms and Conditions).
Any additional or different terms or conditions in relation to the subject matter of the Agreements in any written or oral communication from you to Ludwig are void.
You represent that you have not accepted the Agreements in reliance on any oral or written representations made by Ludwig that are not contained in the Agreements.
Please note, however, that other aspects of your use of the Ludwig Service may be governed by additional agreements.
That could include, for example, access to Promo Offers, free or discounted Trials.
You will agree to separate terms and conditions in those circumstances.
Those terms and conditions shall govern only with regard to the specific aspect of the Service to which they apply, and are distinct from and supplemental to these Agreements, and do not supersede these Agreements.
If the provisions of any Promo Offer terms and conditions conflict with these General Terms, those separate terms and conditions shall prevail.
16.2 The General Terms shall apply to each and all the Services (whenever applied for or provided to the Customer) in addition to any Specific Terms except to the extent, if any, expressly excluded in the Specific Terms.
Nevertheless:

in the event of any conflict or inconsistency between any provision of the Specific Terms and any provision of the General Terms, such conflict or inconsistency shall, in the absence of any express agreement to the contrary, be resolved in a manner most favourable to the Service Provider and to the exercise of the Service Provider's rights and options with respect to any matter or issue to which the inconsistency or conflict relates.

only to the extent that such conflict or inconsistency cannot be so resolved, the provision of the Specific Terms shall prevail over the provision of the General Terms.

all rights conferred on the Service Provider under the General Terms with respect to any matter or event shall be additional to the rights conferred on the Service Provider under the Specific Terms or any other agreement with the Customer with respect to that matter or event.
17 Severability and waiver

17.1 Unless as otherwise stated in the Agreements, should any provision of the Agreements be held invalid or unenforceable for any reason or to any extent, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not in any manner affect or render invalid or unenforceable the remaining provisions of the Agreements, and the application of that provision shall be enforced to the extent permitted by law.

17.2 Any failure by Ludwig or any third party beneficiary to enforce the Agreements or any provision thereof shall not waive Ludwig’s or the applicable third party beneficiary’s right to do so.
18 Assignment

18.1 Ludwig may assign the Agreements or any part of them, and Ludwig may delegate any of its obligations under the Agreements.
You may not assign the Agreements or any part of them, nor transfer or sub-license your rights under the Agreements, to any third party.
19 Indemnification

19.1 To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to indemnify and hold Ludwig harmless from and against all damages, losses, and expenses of any kind (including reasonable attorney fees and costs) arising out of: (1) your breach of this Agreement.
(2) any of your User Content.
(3) any activity in which you engage on or through the Ludwig Service.
and (4) your violation of any law or the rights of a third party.
20 Choice of governing law, class action waiver and mandatory arbitration

20.1 These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Italian laws.
These terms will not limit any consumer protection rights that you may be entitled to under the mandatory laws of your country of residence.
Unless otherwise required by a mandatory law of a member state of the European Union or any other jurisdiction, the Agreements (and any non-contractual disputes/claims arising out of or in connection with them) are subject to the Italian laws

20.2 Further, you and Ludwig agree to devolve to the jurisdiction of the Italian courts the resolution of any dispute, claim, or controversy that arises in connection with the Agreements (and any non-contractual disputes/claims arising out of or in connection with them).
Ludwig does not accept any codes of conduct as mandatory in connection with the services provided under these Agreements.

20.3 WHERE PERMITTED UNDER THE APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND LUDWIG AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION.

Unless both you and Ludwig agree, no arbitrator or judge may consolidate more than one person’s claims or otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding.

20.4 If you are located in, are based in, have offices in, or do business in a jurisdiction in which this Section 20.4.
is enforceable, the following mandatory arbitration provisions (articles from 20.5 to 20.10) apply to you.

20.5 You and Ludwig agree that any dispute, claim, or controversy between you and Ludwig arising in connection with or relating in any way to these Agreements or to your relationship with Ludwig as a user of the Service (whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory, and whether the claims arise during or after the termination of the Agreements) will be determined by mandatory binding individual arbitration.
Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court.
THERE IS NO JUDGE OR JURY IN ARBITRATION, AND COURT REVIEW OF AN ARBITRATION AWARD IS LIMITED.
There may be more limited discovery than in court.
The arbitrator must follow this agreement and can award the same damages and relief as a court (including attorney fees), except that the arbitrator may not award declaratory or injunctive relief benefiting anyone but the parties to the arbitration.
This arbitration provision will survive termination of the Agreements.

20.6 Notwithstanding clause (20.5) above, you and Ludwig both agree that nothing herein will be deemed to waive, preclude, or otherwise limit either of our rights, at any time, to (1) bring an individual action in small claims court, (2) pursue enforcement actions through applicable federal, state, or local agencies where such actions are available, (3) seek injunctive relief in a court of law, or (4) to file suit in a court of law to address intellectual property infringement claims.

20.7 Either you or Ludwig may start arbitration proceedings.
Any arbitration between you and Ludwig will be finally settled under the Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce (the “ICC”) then in force (the “ICC Rules”) by one or more arbitrators appointed in accordance with the ICC Rules, as modified by these Agreements, and will be administered by the International Court of Arbitration of the ICC.
Any arbitration will be conducted in the Italian language and unless otherwise required by a mandatory law of a member state of the European Union or any other jurisdiction, the law to be applied in any arbitration shall be the Italian law, without regard to choice or conflicts of law principles.

20.8 Any arbitration must be commenced by filing a demand for arbitration within ONE (1) YEAR after the date the party asserting the claim first knows or reasonably should know of the act, omission, or default giving rise to the claim.
and there shall be no right to any remedy for any claim not asserted within that time period.
If applicable law prohibits a one-year limitation period for asserting claims, any claim must be asserted within the shortest time period permitted by applicable law.

20.9 A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send a written notice of the dispute to the other, by certified mail or Federal Express (signature required), or in the event that we do not have a physical address on file for you, by certified email (“Notice”).
Ludwig's address for Notice is: Ludwig Srls, Via Fiume 6, 90133, Palermo.
Ludwig’s certified email is: ludwig@mypec.eu.
The Notice must (1) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute.
and (2) set forth the specific relief sought (“Demand”).
We agree to use good faith efforts to resolve the claim directly, but if we do not reach an agreement to do so within 30 days after the Notice is received, you or Ludwig may commence an arbitration proceeding.
During the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by you or Ludwig shall not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator makes a final decision and award, if any.
In the event our dispute is finally resolved through arbitration in your favor, Ludwig shall pay you (1) the amount awarded by the arbitrator, if any, (2) the last written settlement amount offered by Ludwig in settlement of the dispute prior to the arbitrator’s award.
or (3) $1,000.00, whichever is greater.
All documents and information disclosed in the course of the arbitration shall be kept strictly confidential by the recipient and shall not be used by the recipient for any purpose other than for purposes of the arbitration or the enforcement of arbitrator’s decision and award and shall not be disclosed except in confidence to persons who have a need to know for such purposes or as required by applicable law.
Except as required to enforce the arbitrator’s decision and award, neither you nor Ludwig shall make any public announcement or public comment or originate any publicity concerning the arbitration, including, but not limited to, the fact that the parties are in dispute, the existence of the arbitration, or any decision or award of the arbitrator.

20.10 In the event that Ludwig makes any future change to this arbitration provision (other than a change to Ludwig's address for Notice), you may reject any such change by sending us written notice within 30 days of the change to Ludwig's address for Notice, in which case your account with Ludwig shall be immediately terminated and this arbitration provision, as in effect immediately prior to the amendments you reject, shall survive.

20.11 If the class action waiver at article 20.3 is found to be unenforceable in arbitration or if any part of articles from 20.5 to 20.10 is found to be invalid or unenforceable, then all the provisions of such articles (from 20.5 to 20.10) shall be considered null and void and, in such case, the parties agree that the exclusive jurisdiction and venue described in article 20.1 shall govern any action arising out of or related to the Agreements.
21 Privacy

21.1 Ludwig collects registration data and other information about its users through the Service.
Our collection and use of this information is described in our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into these Terms and available at: https://ludwig.guru/privacy.
The Privacy Policy is an integral part of this Agreement and is expressly incorporated by reference, and by entering into this Agreement you agree that: (a) all of the terms of the Privacy Policy.
(b) Ludwig’s utilization of data as described in the Privacy Policy is not an actionable breach of your privacy or publicity rights.

21.2 Ludwig may from time to time update or revise the Privacy Policy.
If Ludwig updates or revises the Privacy Policy, Ludwig will notify you either by email to your most recently provided email address, by posting the updated or revised Privacy Policy on the Site or by any other manner chosen by Ludwig in its commercially reasonable discretion.
Your use of the Site, Services or Software following any such update or revision constitutes your agreement to be bound by and comply with the Privacy Policy as updated or revised.

21.3 In addition, Ludwig may engage third parties to conduct risk control and fraud detection/prevention activities.
As part of such engagements, if you initiate a transaction on the Site or through the Services, Ludwig may give such third parties access to your pertinent credit card and other personal information.
Such third parties may only use such personal information for purposes of performing risk control and fraud detection/prevention activities for us.
However, they may also convert such personal information into hashed or encoded representations of such information to be used for statistical and/or fraud prevention purposes.
By initiating any such transaction, you hereby consent to the foregoing disclosure and use of your information.

21.4 BY USING LUDWIG, YOU AGREE THAT WE MAY COLLECT AND TRANSMIT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR USE OF OUR SERVICES.
This information may include (without limitation) the following: (i) activation, deactivation and subscription changes.
and (ii) service impacting events like payment failures and system initiated transactions.
The information will be used for billing (where applicable), maintenance, troubleshooting, and similar service related purposes.
This information will also be used to report usage habits, in an aggregated, non-personally identifiable manner, to Our vendors and suppliers.
The recipients of the information may be located outside your Country.
22 Communications

22.1 By using Ludwig, you consent to receiving electronic communications from us.
These communications may include notices about your account and information concerning or related to the Service.
You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures, or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that such communications be in writing.

22.2 We will send you information relating to your account (e.g.
payment authorizations, invoices, changes in password or Payment Method, confirmation messages, notices) in electronic form only, for example via emails to your email address provided during registration.

22.3 If you have any questions concerning the Agreements or to resolve a complaint regarding the service or to receive further information regarding use of the service please contact Ludwig customer service by visiting FAQ section of our website or by sending an email at: contact@ludwig.guru
23 Language

23.1 Ludwig is not responsible for an inability to read these General Terms of Use due to the fact that the terms are displayed in the English language.
In the event that these Terms and Conditions are translated into any language other than English, the terms of the English Language version shall prevail in the event of any conflict.
Thank you for reading our Terms.
We hope you will enjoy Ludwig!
Contracting Entity:
Ludwig S.r.l.s.
VAT number: IT06333200829
Via Fiume 6, 90133 Palermo
Italy
Last Updated: 17 July 2020
Effective from: 29 May 2019

Specific Terms and conditions of Library

Thanks for using Library! This feature allows you to upload and create your personal database of textual contents, store and categorize them in your Ludwig account, and search through them when you are using Ludwig services and features.
By using this feature, you’re agreeing to be bound by these Terms, our Privacy Policy, and General Terms of Use of the Ludwig service.
These terms of Use (the “Terms”) form an integrated and binding part of Ludwig’s General Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.
These terms are made to govern the use of the feature called "Library" (or “Feature”) accessible to any Ludwig's premium users.
Specifically, Library allows users to upload and store textual contents and customize certain aspects of their personal accounts.
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION CAREFULLY.
YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THIS FEATURE WILL INDICATE YOUR AGREEMENT TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH BELOW.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, PROMPTLY EXIT THIS SITE AND DO NOT USE LIBRARY.
These Terms is binding on all those who access and use this feature (regardless of how is made accessible), whether acting as an individual or on behalf of an entity, including you and all persons, entities, or digital engines of any kind that harvest, crawl, index, scrape, spider, or mine digital content by an automated or manual process or otherwise (collectively, “You” or “Your”).


Your Contents, your Permissions and your warranties

When you use Library, you provide us with things like your files, content, messages (“Your Content”).
Your content is yours.
These Terms don’t give us any rights to your Content except for the limited rights that enable us to offer our services.
We need your permission to do things like hosting your textual contents, storing and process them.
Our Services also provide you with features like searching, document previews, sorting, categorization, organization, and personalization of your Content.
By uploading your Content and accept these Terms You give us permission to do those things, and this permission extends to our affiliates and trusted third parties we work with.
Upon subscribing with Ludwig, you will be assigned one (1) Library personal account.
Please note that your account is STRICTLY personal and you can't share it with others.
The account holder is the sole responsible for any Content uploaded in his/her personal Library account and for any use of these.
The Content uploaded by a user is personal and can be accessed only by the account holder.
Prior to uploading any Content, you must be sure that you have the right or the permission to use such it and to upload it on Library.
As a condition of your use of Library, you warrant that you will not use the Feature for any purpose that is unlawful of prohibited by these Terms.
You warrant that any Content uploaded by you is either created and owned by you, or you have the necessary licenses, rights and permissions to use them as you intend to use them and as contemplated by these Terms and grant Ludwig the rights described herein.
Specifically, by uploading any content to Library, you represent and warrant that:

You own and control or otherwise have the unconditional right to upload the Content and to use such Content.

You have obtained all necessary third-party rights and permission to upload and use such Content;
The uploading and use of the Content in connection with the use of Library does not and will not infringe or violate the rights of any third party, including without limitation any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity or violate any applicable law, rule or regulation.

The Content does not contain any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, or any other computer code, files, or programs that are designed or intended to disrupt, damage, or limit the functioning of any software, hardware, or telecommunications equipment or to damage or obtain unauthorized access to any data or other information of any third party;
The Content is not unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another's privacy, or impersonate another person;
The Content does not contain measures that could be used to determine the architecture of the Site, or could be used to decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer the Site;
The Content complies in all respects with the rules set forth in the General Terms of Use of the Ludwig service.


Your Library personal account

Your Library account is strictly personal and the account holder is the sole subject responsible of the Contents uploaded in it and of the use of the account.
Ludwig limits the maximum amount of disk space per account for storing textual contents to 20 megabyte.
You may be given an opportunity to purchase additional storage space.
Payments for such purchases are nonrefundable.
We’ll automatically bill you from the date you purchase additional storage space and on each periodic renewal until cancellation.
If you’re on an annual or biennial plan, we’ll send you a notice email reminding you that your plan is about to renew within a reasonable period of time prior to the renewal date.
You acknowledge that we reserve the right to convert your premium account into a free user account upon non-receipt of a subscription fee.
Ludwig will only host the content you have uploaded to Library during the time period covered by the applicable Fees paid ("Term") and you understand and agree that in the event your paid account is terminated or interrupted for any reason, including but not limited to the expiration of the Term and/or your failure to renew a new Term, your account will be disabled and that the Contents you uploaded will not be viewable.
You’re responsible for all applicable taxes, and we’ll charge tax when required to do so.
You agree that we have no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any content maintained or transmitted on or through the feature Library.
In the event you terminate or fail to renew your paid account and subsequently renew within six (6) months, all of the contents you have previously uploaded will again be viewable in the same manner as before your paid account was terminated or lapsed.
If you do not subsequently renew within the next twelve (12) months period, then your previously created account on Library will be deleted and thus not be anymore accessible.
The accounts of our Users operates on shared network resources.
Excessive use or abuse of these shared network resources by one User may have a negative impact on all other users.
Misuse of network resources in a manner that impairs network performance or causes excessive use of resources or costs, including excessive consumption of cloud data servers, CPU time, memory, disk space, and session time, is prohibited.
You acknowledge that we have the right, at our sole discretion, to terminate your account, limit the number of transmissions you may send or receive through our site, limit the number of contents to upload or limit the amount of storage space, bandwidth, or other resources you may use.
Ludwig (or a third party hired by Ludwig for such purpose) shall have the right, at any time, to inspect and audit all accounts, records and other of User’s information to determine compliance with the terms contained herein.
The costs of such audit shall be borne by Ludwig unless the audit uncovers that the User has materially breached this Agreement, and then User shall be responsible for reimbursement of all reasonable costs and expenses of such audit.

Disclaimer of Warranties

We strive to provide great and stable services, but there are certain things that we can't guarantee.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, LUDWIG AND ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS MAKE NO WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ABOUT THE SERVICES.
THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS." WE ALSO DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
Some places don’t allow the disclaimers in this paragraph, so they may not apply to you.
THE USE OF THE SERVICES, THE UPLOADING OF YOUR CONTENT IS DONE AT YOUR OWN RISK AND WITH YOUR AGREEMENT THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM SUCH ACTIVITIES.
Help us keep Your Stuff protected.
Safeguard your password to the Services, and keep your account information current.
Don’t share your account credentials or give others access to your account.
Do not rely upon the Services as a primary storage space for User content.
You should preserve backup copies of any digital data, information or other materials that you have uploaded.

Third parties sites and Intellectual Property Rights.

Our Site and Services may include links to other sites on the Internet, or be accessed from other sites on the Internet, that are owned and operated by online merchants and other third parties, and which may contain references to information, software, materials, products, and/or services provided by the third party.
Your use of those third-party sites is undertaken at your own risk, and is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of each site.
We do not endorse nor assume any liability for the third party websites, services, or products.
At Ludwig we take very seriously and we respect the intellectual property of others and ask that you do too.
We reserve the right to delete or disable content alleged to be infringing and terminate accounts of repeat infringers.
These intellectual property rights, and your responsibilities with respect to these rights, are outlined below.
Some Content may be protected by copyright, even if not marked with the © symbol.
If you are not the creator of the Content, then you must get permission from the author/creator or the copyright holder to upload and use the Content in your Library personal account.
Do not upload any Content that is confidential or proprietary.
We assume no liability with respect to the disclosure or use of confidential or proprietary information uploaded to our Site.
You agree to obey all applicable rules and regulations in using any services provided by Ludwig, and agree that you are responsible for the any contents you upload on your Library personal account.
You hereby grant Ludwig a royalty-free perpetual right and license to host, display, create derivative works of and otherwise use the Content as necessary to provide and enable to you the use of Library.
In addition to the indemnification provided in Ludwig’s Terms of Service, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold Ludwig and its parents, subsidiaries, agents, affiliates, employees and officers, harmless from and against all claims, actions, demands expenses, losses or liabilities including, without limitation, reasonable attorney's fees and punitive damages, arising out of or in connection with the Content or any use thereof in connection with the Ludwig service or the contents you create and/or upload using the Library service or arising out of any breach or alleged breach or any of the foregoing representations and warranties.
All trademarks and/or service marks displayed on the Content you upload are the exclusive property of their respective owners, and may not be used without the owner's permission.
We do not endorse the contents of any content users have uploaded nor we pre-screen or monitor uploads.
However, we have the right at our sole discretion to remove any content of any kind that, in our judgment, does not comply with these Terms of Service and any other rules of user conduct, or is otherwise harmful, objectionable, or inaccurate.
We are not responsible for any failure or delay in removing such content.
We cannot, and do not intend to, provide you legal advice or assistance regarding acquisition of appropriate intellectual property rights.
If you are unsure as to whether you have the appropriate rights to use and upload in Library the Content, you should consult an attorney.
As long as you comply with these Terms, we give you a limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable, revocable license to use our platform solely to access our Services.


Termination

You’re free to stop using our Services at any time.
We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your access to the Services with notice to you if:
(a) you’re in breach of these Terms,
(b) your use of the Services would cause a real risk of harm or loss to us or other users, or
We’ll provide you with reasonable advance notice via the email address associated with your account to remedy the activity that prompted us to contact you and give you the opportunity to export your Content from our Services.
If after such notice you fail to take the steps we ask of you, we’ll terminate or suspend your access to the Services.
We won’t provide notice before termination where:
(a) you’re in material breach of these Terms,
(b) doing so would cause us legal liability or compromise our ability to provide the Services to our other users, or
(c) we're prohibited from doing so by law.
You agree that we may at any time, and at our sole discretion, terminate your account without prior notice to you and without reimbursement if we suspect a violation of any of these Terms of Service.

Limitation of liability

IN COUNTRIES WHERE EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY ARE ALLOWED, LUDWIG, ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS OR DISTRIBUTORS WON’T BE LIABLE FOR:

ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR
ANY LOSS OF USE, DATA, BUSINESS, OR PROFITS, REGARDLESS OF LEGAL THEORY.

THESE EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY REGARDLESS OF WHETHER OR NOT LUDWIG OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES HAS BEEN WARNED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
LUDWIG AND ITS AFFILIATES AREN’T RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONDUCT, WHETHER ONLINE OR OFFLINE, OF ANY USER OF THE SERVICES.
IN ANY CASE, WE LIMIT OUR LIABILITY TO YOU TO THE GREATER OF $50 USD OR 100% OF ANY AMOUNT YOU'VE PAID UNDER YOUR CURRENT PREMIUM PLAN WITH LUDWIG.
THIS PROVISION DOES NOT APPLY TO EU CONSUMERS WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

Ludwig's IP rights

Our Services are covered by copyright and trademark protection.
These Terms don’t grant you any right, title, or interest in the Services, others’ content in the Services, Ludwig trademarks, logos and other brand features.
We welcome feedback, but note that we may use comments or suggestions without any obligation to you.

Waiver, Severability &amp.
Assignment

Ludwig’s failure to enforce a provision is not a waiver of its right to do so later.
If a provision is found unenforceable, the remaining provisions of the Terms will remain in full effect and an enforceable term will be substituted reflecting our intent as closely as possible.
You may not assign any of your rights under these Terms, and any such attempt will be void.
Ludwig may assign its rights to any of its affiliates or subsidiaries, or to any successor in interest of any business associated with the Services.

Beta Services

We sometimes release products and features that we’re still testing and evaluating (“Beta Services”).
Beta Services are labeled “alpha,” “beta,” “preview,” “early access,” or “evaluation” (or with words or phrases with similar meanings) and may not be as reliable as Ludwig's other services.
Beta Services are made available so that we can collect user feedback, and by using our Beta Services, you agree that we may contact you to collect such feedback.
Beta Services are confidential until official launch.
If you use any Beta Services, you agree not to disclose any information about those Services to anyone else without our permission.

Modifications

We may revise these Terms from time to time to better reflect:
(a) changes to the law,
(b) new regulatory requirements, or
(c) improvements or enhancements made to our Services.
If an update affects your use of the Services or your legal rights as a user of our Services, we’ll notify you prior to the update's effective date by sending an email to the email address associated with your account.
These updated terms will be effective no less than 30 days from when we notify you.
If you don’t agree to the updates we make, please cancel your account before they become effective.
By continuing to use or access the Services after the updates come into effect, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms.

Conflict of Terms

This promo offer is governed by these terms and conditions that are separate from the General Terms of Use of the Ludwig service.
If any of the provisions of the General Terms of Use conflict with these Terms, those separate terms and conditions shall prevail.
For any aspect that is not covered and/or regulated in these terms please refer to the provision contained in the General Terms of Use of the Ludwig service and Privacy Policy.

Controlling Law

These Terms and any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom are governed by the laws of Italy and you submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in Palermo, Italy.
Thank you for reading Library Terms.
We hope you will enjoy using it!
Contracting Entity:
Ludwig S.r.l.s.
VAT number: IT06333200829
Via Fiume 6, 90133 Palermo
Italy
Last Updated: 28 July 2021
Effective from: 28 July 2021
 logoTld  loginOutline Sign in  downloadOutline Download App Explore Library Premium Business LIA Covid-19 Learn How To Use Blogwig FAQs Contact Us Follow us Keep Ludwig handy on your smartphone, download the app! In-App purchases Terms Privacy Cookies .css-1uvqhj2{box-sizing:border-box;-webkit-appearance:none;}ItalianEnglishPortugueseTurkishRussianChinese chevronDownOutline © 2014-2021 Ludwig S.R.L.S.
P.IVA 06333200829 REA PA-314445 Ludwig è finanziato dall'Unione Europea con il fondo europeo per lo Sviluppo Regionale (FESR) Ludwig - Fondo Europeo Sviluppo Regionale.pdf 

Descrizione: Ludwig è un motore di ricerca linguistico pensato per consentire a chiunque di scrivere in un perfetto inglese.
È un sistema di supporto alla scrittura basato sull'imitazione di testi provenienti da fonti affidabili (giornali, pubblicazioni scientifiche, etc,).



Finalità e obiettivi: Servizio di supporto alla scrittura in lingua inglese basata sul confronto di frasi inglese/inglese

By clicking "I Accept" or "X" on this banner, or using our site, you accept our cookie and privacy policy. I Accept 
      