
         Online Security Effective June 2009
CenturyLink values our website visitors and customer's security and wants to make their online experience safe and enjoyable.
While CenturyLink takes immense precautions in monitoring, preventing and identifying fraudulent behavior related to its website, please be aware of the possibility of fraudulent online activity.
One recent form of online fraud is called "phishing" and it is affecting many companies.
Phishing is a form of Internet fraud whereby a person or persons, masquerading as a legitimate organization, obtains an individual's confidential information through electronic means such as websites or e-mails.
The unsuspecting individual merely believes they are complying with a request from a business that they are currently doing business with or wish to do business with.
Unfortunately, the individual may not know their confidential information has been "stolen" for many days. Please remember that CenturyLink will never contact you via email or phone to get your personal information, including your social security number or your credit card account information.

Please review the following information as to the precautions you should take when conducting business online:

If you visited a website to which you did not intend to navigate, it may have been such a phishing website.
If you responded to an email asking to confirm confidential or personal information about your account, or with an urgent request for financial assistance, it may have been phishing.
If you provided a credit card number to such a site, CenturyLink suggests that you contact your credit card company or any of the three major credit bureaus and sign up for their credit monitoring service, a fee-based service that will automatically notify you whenever your credit record is accessed.
Contact information for the three major credit bureaus is as follows: Equifax (888.766.0008), Experian (888.397.3742), and Trans Union (800.680.7289).

If you believe you have been contacted by someone posing as a CenturyLink employee or have given personal information through a fraudulent website posing as a CenturyLink website, please contact CenturyLink immediately.
Residential customers please call 800.366.8201, and business customers please call 877.365.0045.
