
         CenturyLink Law Enforcement Support The Law Enforcement Support (LES) Team is responsible for appropriately responding to requests for customer information received by CenturyLink from federal, state and local law enforcement agencies, from attorneys in criminal and civil matters and from our customers.
Requests for customer information may include requests for records related to any of CenturyLink's services, including local and long distance communication, dial-up Internet, Internet Protocol usage, High-Speed Internet, Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP), 9-1-1, voice-messaging, billing or other records.
The LES Team is also responsible for provisioning law enforcement requests for pen registers, trap and trace, and Title III wiretaps pursuant to federal and state court orders, and for compliance with national security orders.
Members of the LES Team are located in Denver, Colorado, Overland Park, Kansas, Monroe, Louisiana and Jefferson City, Missouri. What information does CenturyLink have?
When CenturyLink provides its services, which include Internet access, local and long distance communication, Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP), entertainment, additional voice, broadband and data services such as call routing and cloud computing, and alarm monitoring for your home or business, we necessarily obtain certain information about you.
This information may include your name, address, email address, telephone number, date of birth, social security number, driver's license number, credit information, use of an Internet Protocol address assigned to your computer, and, in some cases, information about how you use our services.
Finally, CenturyLink also gathers information from visitors to our websites and those who click on our internet ads, such as the user's operating system, location, Internet Protocol address, and what sites the user visited immediately before or after our site.
CenturyLink takes its customers' privacy seriously.
For more information about what types of information are collected by CenturyLink and our privacy practices, see our CenturyLink Privacy Policy and FAQs. What kind of information can a CenturyLink customer obtain without a legal demand?
The LES Team can provide customers with information concerning the local and long distance calls made from the customer's phone number at a certain date and time.
Keep in mind that some of this information is available to customers in their billing statements through their online account at www.centurylink.com.
The LES Team does charge the appropriate fees for looking up this information.
The LES Team cannot provide information concerning incoming telephone calls without a proper legal demand (either a subpoena or court order).
 Frequently Asked Questions For your convenience, there are separate sections of the Frequently Asked Questions designed to address the unique needs of Customers, Law Enforcement Agencies, and Third Party Requestors.
You may go directly to the section most relevant to you or you may view the FAQs for all categories.

FAQs for Customers
FAQs for Law Enforcement Agencies
FAQs for Third Party Requestors

