
For purposes of this privacy policy, “Visitors” will refer to all visitors of the lunavi.com website, whether they be customers or visitors trying to gain more information about our company and/or our products and services.
By visiting this website, you consent to the data collection and use practices described in this policy.
The mere act of visiting the website, even without reading this page will be viewed as acceptance of the terms contained in this document.

Privacy Disclosure

Your privacy is extremely important to us and we are committed to safeguarding any information that we collect or that you provide.
Lunavi will not disclose information about Visitors without express permission or unless required by government subpoena.
We will never share any names, telephone number(s), email addresses, or credit card information that you have given us with any marketing partners or any unrelated third party.

Type of Information Collected

Lunavi may collect certain information about its Visitors, including:

Browser Information
Operating System Information
Mobile Device Information (e.g., device identifier, mobile operating system, etc.)
IP Address
Page(s) Accessed
Geographic Location
Time and Duration of Visit
Referring Site, Application, or Service

Lunavi will not collect Information that could be used to personally identify you, such as your name, address or phone number (Personally Identifiable Information, or PII), unless it is specifically provided by you within one of our forms or in a chat window.

Information Collection Practices

Information is obtained through analysis of server logs and through the use of cookies placed on Visitor's machines.
A cookie is a very small text file that we use to help track the number of unique Visitors to our website, whether or not those Visitors are repeat Visitors, and the source of the visits.
Cookies cannot be executed as code or used to deliver a virus.
Other servers cannot read them and personal information cannot be gathered from them.
They are simply an identifier shared between Visitors and Lunavi to allow us to improve the services we offer through our website.
If you do not wish cookies to be placed on your computer, then they can be disabled in your web browser.
The option to do so is normally found in your browser's security settings section.
However, please note, permanently disabling cookies in your browser may hinder your use of our website as well as other websites and interactive services.
In addition, your information may be collected via third party providers or when you provide it to us via chat, email, or other written correspondence, telephone calls, web based forms, or other means.

Information Usage

We use your information to operate our website’s business activities.
For example, we may use this data to contact you about changes to our website, new products and services, special offers, resolve disputes, troubleshoot issues, and enforce our website’s terms and conditions.
As a general rule, we will not give your data to third parties without your permission.
However, there are some important exceptions to this rule that are described in the following paragraphs.
We may, in our sole discretion, provide information about you to law enforcement or other government officials for purposes of fraud investigations, alleged intellectual property infringement, or any other suspected illegal activity or matters that may expose us to legal liability.
Although we do not disclose individually identifiable information, we may disclose aggregate data about our website’s visitors to advertisers or other third parties for marketing and promotional purposes.
From time to time, we may use third party suppliers to provide services on our website.
If a supplier wants to collect information, Visitors will be notified.
However, Visitors will never be required to give information to a third party supplier.
We restrict the way third party suppliers can use this information.
They are not allowed to sell or give the information to others.

Remarketing/Retargeting Advertising

This website may use a remarketing tag to advertise online.
This means that entities like Google and Facebook (for example) or other third-party vendors may show our ads to our Visitors on other sites across the Internet.
These third-party vendors may use cookies to serve ads to based upon past visits to our website.
If you would like to opt out of Google’s use of cookies, you can visit the company’s Ad Preferences Manager at https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/.
Alternatively, you may opt out of the use of cookies by third-party vendors by going to the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page located at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.

Usability Testing and Improvement

In addition to marketing our products and services, Lunavi may also employ third party partners to track how our visitors use our web pages in order to continually improve a Visitor’s experience on our website.
Your use of this website without opting out means that you understand and agree to data collection to provide you with interest-based advertising.

User Names And Passwords

Access to parts of our website may be protected by a user name and a password.
Do not give your password to anyone.
If a Visitor enters a section of our website that requires a password, they should log out when they leave.
As a safety precaution, web browsers should be completely closed and re-opened before viewing other parts of the Internet.

Link to Third-Party Site

Our Web site may contain certain links to third-party sites, such as our vendors.
We are not responsible or liable for the privacy practices or content found on these sites.
We suggest Visitors check the Privacy Notice of each site you visit.

Business Transfer

In the unlikely event that our business is sold, has its assets acquired or transferred, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, or merges or becomes affiliated with any other division, individual or entity, any customer information owned or under our control may be one of the transferred assets.

Minors

We do not provide services or sell products to children.
If you are below the age of 18, you may use our website only with the permission and active involvement of a parent or legal guardian.
If you are a minor, please do not provide any personal information to us or other websites.

Changes

Our business changes constantly and our Privacy Statement may also change from time to time.
You should check our website frequently to see recent changes, however, we will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of personal information collected in the past without your prior consent.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on February 5, 2018.

Questions or Concerns?

Please contact us with any questions regarding our privacy policy or would like to opt out of any of our communications, please call 866.995.3282 or email privacy(at)lunavi.com.
‍
