
        Updated: 20.04.2021At Clario Tech DMCC, we care about privacy.
Therefore we strictly follow all data protection procedures regarding the full security of your personal data.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to information about you collected by a third party, including through any content (such as advertising) linked to, or accessible on our Website or through our Product.
This shall instead be governed by the third party’s terms and policies.
This Privacy Notice contains links to some of the third party’s terms and policies to make accessing this information as easy as possible.
By using the our Website or Products you are consenting to the collection, use, sharing, transfer, or other processing of your personal data as prescribed by this Privacy Notice.
If you do not consent to such processing, then please do not further access or use our products, services, or website.
Note, you will need to agree to our Terms and Conditions.
Please do read the Terms and Conditions carefully as this Notice is a part of them.1.
Who we are?We are Clario Tech DMCC, based at our principal office at Unit No: 3005-D6, Swiss Tower, Plot No: JLT-PH2-Y3A, Jumeirah Lakes Towers, Dubai, UAE (hereinafter "Clario" or "Company").
Clario is a data controller and responsible for any personal data processed.
In case you have any questions you may reach out to us by emailing support@macupdate.com or you may send a letter to Unit No: 3005-D6, Swiss Tower, Plot No: JLT-PH2-Y3A, Jumeirah Lakes Towers, Dubai, UAE.
If you are an EU resident, you can contact our EU Representative at hamburg@weitnauer.netor contact them in writing at: Weitnauer Partnerschaft mbB, Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater, Neuer Wall 84, 20354 Hamburg, GERMANY.
UK residents can contact us at support@macupdate.com or write to us: 7 Stratford Place, Marylebone, London, United Kingdom, W1C 1AY.2.
What does this Notice apply to?This Privacy Notice applies to our products, services and the website (together now known as the “Services”).
Namely, it applies to:

Product (MacUpdate software);
Website (https://www.macupdate.com);
Visiting any other linked pages or application services offered by the Company.
3.
What kinds of data do we process?When you use our Services, we process data about you and your online activity.
The data we process is divided into several categories.
Data listed in this section is necessary for us to provide and maintain our Services.
Also, we do not knowingly process personal data of anyone below the age of 16 years old.
If you are a parent and your child uses Clario’s Services without your consent, please let us know at support@macupdate.com.

Account registration data. You may access our Websites without providing any of your data.
However, to use the full range of Services you will be required to create an Account ("Account").
To create an Account you will need to provide us with:

Email address.

Please note we will scan your device to identify the apps you use to provide you with our Product functionality after the Product installation and Account creation process is complete.
You can create the Account using sign-in services such as Facebook or Google.
These platforms will authenticate your identity and provide you with an option to share certain personal data such as:

Name;
Email address;
Phone number.


Data we receive automatically. When you enter our Website, in addition to the data you enter yourself, we may automatically collect some information to optimize your experience when using and improving our products, including:

Device information;
User configuration information;
Cookies;
Browser information.


Data collected via Product. When you use our Product, we may collect different types of data, for example:

Email address;
Information about your device (Mac OS version, Mac’s model and serial numbers, MAC address, overall system information);
Device characteristics (type, CPU, RAM, VGA, memory, processor, etc.);
Your activity information (bugs, crashes, or system errors);
IP address;
Information about your apps (e.g.
versions, size, date of the last update, etc.) as well as your apps’ activity information;
Browser information (for instance, name.
version, default search page);
Information about services, and software/hardware you use.


Third-party data. Some of your personal data, like your name and email address, type of subscription, software name, it's price, currency, etc., may be processed and provided to us by third parties, such as PayPro Global.
Please note we don't process information related to your credit card number or other payment data.
Your credit card is passed directly to our payment processor so these details don’t go through our servers.
We would like to provide you with the links to PayPro Global Compliance &amp.
Data Privacy to make finding information about their data privacy easier.

Children’s data. We don’t process personal data of anyone below the age of 13 without prior parental consent.
If you are under 13 years of age or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction, then please do not use or access our Services.
We will delete the personal data of a child under 13 processed without parental consent.
If you are a parent or guardian and discover your child is using our Services, then you may contact us at support@macupdate.com and request the child’s personal data be deleted.4.
Why do we process your data?We use data to ensure the fast and efficient rendering of the Services to you.
The main purpose of processing your data is to provide you with our Services.
Also, we use your data for other reasons such as safety and security, customer support, communications and marketing, compliance with legal obligations, also for research and development.

Providing you with Services. We process data to provide you with a personalized experience and to maintain and improve our Services.
This includes using data to:

Create and update your Account;
Enable your access to the Services;
Perform operations necessary to provide Services, such as troubleshooting software bugs and operational problems, to make data analysis, testing, research and to monitor and analyze usage trends.


Safety and security. We use data to help maintain the safety and integrity of our Services.
This includes using data to:

Ensure network and information security;
Prevent, detect and combat fraud;
Enforce our Terms &amp.
Conditions.


Customer support. We use data we collect to provide you with customer support services.
This includes using data to:

Provide support and assistance to you;
Respond to your enquiries;
Answer your questions;
Analize how you use our Services and improve them.


Communications. We may use any data we process to communicate with you about our Services.
For example, we will send you purchase receipts, invoices, satisfaction surveys or other Product related communications.

Marketing. If we receive your prior opt-in consent, we will contact you via email to tell you about special offers, promotions, and update you on our Product or Services.
You may opt out of future contact from us at any time by using the method provided in the email (such as clicking on an unsubscribe link), or emailing support@macupdate.com.
We may use first-party and third-party cookies to deliver advertisements relevant to your interests.
By learning your preferences, these cookies enable us to display ads tailored to you and simplify your browsing experience.

Compliance with legal obligations. We collect your data to comply with our legal obligations.
Also, we may use your data to investigate or address claims or disputes in relation to the usage of our Services or as otherwise allowed by applicable law, or as requested by regulators or government entities.

Research and development. We may use the data we collect for the purpose of testing, analysis, research, statistics and overall development of the Product and Services.
This also allows us to enhance safety and security as well as develop new features or improve the Product.
We may anonymize your personal data when you stop using our Services.
Anonymous data does not relate to a particular person, so it does not allow us to re-identify you.
However, anonymous data allows us to improve Clario Services.5.
What are the grounds for data processing?Before proceeding to the processing of your personal data (as described in Section 4) we evaluate the data we collect, then determine the legal basis of processing.
We use the following basis to collect and process your data: performance of a contract, compliance with legal obligations, our legitimate interest, and your consent.Description of why we process your personal data (“processing purpose”)Legal basis for the processing purposeCategories of personal data used for the processing purposeTo provide you with ServicesPerformance of a Contract
Account registration data
Data we receive automatically
Data collected via Product
Safety and securityLegitimate interest
Third-party data
Data we receive automatically
Customer SupportPerformance of a Contract
Account registration data
Data collected via Product
CommunicationsPerformance of a Contract or Consent
Account registration data
MarketingConsent Legitimate interest
Account registration data
Data we receive automatically
Compliance with legal obligationsCompliance with legal obligations
Account registration data
Data we receive automatically
Data collected via Products
Research and developmentConsent Legitimate interest
Account registration data
Data we receive automatically
Data collected via Products

Your Consent.
Sometimes we may need to process your personal data for purposes not listed in this Notice.
In such cases, we will ask for your prior consent before proceeding to process your personal data.
You may withdraw your consent, cancel your Account or request we no longer use your information to provide you with our Services.
Please contact us any time at support@macupdate.com to do this.6.
Do we share or disclose your data?We may share your data with companies, consultants and contractors we hire to provide limited services on our behalf.
We will only provide those companies with the personal data they need to deliver Services.
Also, we may disclose your data if we receive a governmental request.
Or we may share data with your consent.
Please note we do not sell, rent, or trade your personal data to anyone.

Product provision. When you buy one of the apps presented on our Website, we may send your personal data to developers so they can generate a license and link it to your profile.
You can find information on how developers use your personal data in their privacy policy.

Business transfers. We will not sell your personal data to any company or organization, but we may transfer your personal data to a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation or other corporate reorganization in which we may participate or to a purchaser or acquirer of all or a substantial part of Clario assets to which this application relates.
In such an event, we will notify you before your personal data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Notice.
Service providers and partners.
We work with third-party service providers and partners to process certain data when they provide us with certain services.

For legal reasons. We may disclose your data when it is required by applicable law, regulation, operating agreement, legal process or governmental request, or where the disclosure is otherwise appropriate due to safety or similar concerns.

With your consent. We may share and/or disclose your personal data in cases where we have notified you and you have provided your consent.7.
Do we use cookies?A cookie is a small text file saved on your device when you visit a website.
It allows the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, browser language, font size, and other display preferences) over time.
Through their use and other technologies, we may collect data in order to make it easier to navigate our Websites and optimize the user experience across multiple devices.
Modern web browsers support cookies, and a majority of websites use them too.
Please note you can always manage your browser settings to block certain cookies or indicate when a cookie is being used.
However, when adjusting cookie settings, remember some website elements and features may malfunction without their use.
The cookies we use don’t contain any type of personal data.
This means cookies don’t store your location, email address, or IP address.
We use different types of cookies every time you browse our official website https://www.macupdate.com, as well as our other web resources.
Namely, we use:


Necessary Cookies


Necessary cookies enable the Website’s core functionality.
The Website cannot function properly without them.
They can only be disabled by changing your cookie preferences.


Analytical Cookies


We may use the likes of Hotjar and Google Analytics to improve our website by collecting and reporting information on how you use it.
This enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback.
These cookies collect information so no one is directly identifiable.
We will never use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on individuals.


Marketing Cookies


We use these cookies (like Google AdSense, Google Publisher Tag, DoubleClick Ad Exchange-Buyer) to evaluate our marketing campaigns and provide better targeting for marketing purposes.
By learning your preferences, these cookies enable us to display ads tailored to you and simplify your browsing experience.
Alternatively, these cookies are also used to limit the number of times you see a specific advertisement or to even stop showing ads you have already seen.


Third party cookies


Third-party cookies are cookies set by a party other than Clario, like our business partners or service providers, for purposes such as collecting information on user behavior or personalized marketing.
When using our website, you may encounter embedded content, such as YouTube videos, which may use their own cookies managed by related third-party.
We can neither access nor control such third-party cookies.
If you do not want to accept cookies or store them on your device, there are several ways you can control their use:

Manage your cookies preferences via MacUpdate Cookie Manager on our Website.
Visit the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page to learn more about cookies opt-out.
Go to your browser settings.
There you can manage your cookie preferences or delete all the cookies stored.
For step-by-step instructions, please visit aboutcookies.org/how-to-control-cookies/.
Find out how to manage cookies on the most popular browsers:

Internet Explorer
Firefox
Microsoft Edge
Chrome
Safari.



In addition, you can learn below how to opt-out from separate types of cookies:

Hotjar’s opt-out link - https://www.hotjar.com/legal/compliance/opt-out
Google Analytics’s opt-out link - https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Google Ads, Publisher Tag, DoubleClick Ad Exchange-Buy opt-out link - https://safety.google/privacy/privacy-controls/,https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads.
8.
Do we transfer your data?We may need to process your data outside of the country in which you reside.
However, we apply measures to protect our data transfers.
In the course of our operations, we may need to transfer your data outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) due to the international nature of Clario’s work.
In case of data transfers outside of the EEA, we will use all appropriate safeguards such as standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission.9.
How do we handle your data?The security of your personal data is very important to us, and we do our best to protect it.
We have implemented a number of security features throughout the Services intended to help prevent unauthorized access to the data we process.
We will only store your personal data for as long as we need it to provide you with the Services (you can read more about our data storage below).

Data security. To protect your personal data, we restrict access to it to the Company’s employees, contractors, and agents who need it to perform their job duties.
In addition, those who have access to personal data are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or have their contracts terminated if they fail to meet them.
We protect your data by using physical, technical, and administrative security measures to reduce the risks of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, and alteration.
Please be aware we are not responsible for the privacy policies of other websites and services linked to from our Website.
If you have reason to believe your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us by emailing support@macupdate.com.

Data storage. We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
We may retain some of your data even after you stop using our services and your account becomes inactive in our system.
We retain this data to protect our Company in disputes and proceedings, to comply with legal obligations, meet regulatory requirements, prevent fraud and abuse, enforce this agreement etc.
In addition, if you would like to use our Services again in the future, it is easier for us to perform remote assistance when we already know the specifics of your computer and how we have helped you before.
If you wish to terminate your account or request we no longer use your data to provide you with our Services, then contact support@macupdate.com.10.
How can you manage your data?If you would like to access, review, update, rectify, and delete any personal data we hold about you, simply send your request directly to support@macupdate.com from your email address used for the Account creation.
Additionally, you can delete your data we hold via your Account Preferences any time.
We will proceed your request immediately upon receipt.
However, please note it may take up to thirty (30) days for your request to be implemented.
Once your request is implemented, we will notify you by follow-up email accordingly.
Also, you can exercise a right to object or restrict processing and data portability.
Please address inquiries for the execution of these rights to support@macupdate.com.
In case you are unhappy with how we handle your data, you have a right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.

Access. You can request an explanation of the personal data we process about you.
Also, you can request a copy of your personal data undergoing processing.

Rectification. You can correct any inaccurate data about you, or you can update your personal data.

Data portability. You have a right to receive any of your personal data you provided to us.
You can make a request to transmit this data directly to another data controller in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
We will transmit your data directly to another controller in cases where it is technically feasible.

Erasure. You have a right to delete all personal data you have provided to us.
In case you request removal of your personal data via email or call as prescribed above, it may take up to thirty (30) days to implement your request.
Note, we may retain certain information as required by law and for legitimate business purposes permitted by law.

Restrict processing. You can request us to temporarily or permanently stop processing all or some of your personal data.

Object processing. You can, at any time, object to the processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation.
For example, you have a right to object to your personal data being processed for direct marketing purposes.

Lodge complaints. You have a right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority in relation to the Services and the usage of your personal data.11.
California privacy rightsWe make these disclosures to those visiting our Websites who reside in California which supersede and replace any conflicting disclosures found elsewhere on our Websites as well as reflect your privacy rights granted by the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) with effect from January 1, 2020.

Opt-out of disclosure for direct marketing purposes. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to learn the identities of entities that received their personal data for marketing purposes and the categories of information disclosed.
You may request such information by contacting us by e-mail addressed to support@macupdate.com.
Please reference California Privacy Rights in your subject line.
You may also write to us at:
Unit No: 3005-D6, Swiss Tower, Plot No: JLT-PH2-Y3A, Jumeirah Lakes Towers, Dubai, UAE.
Please be aware this opt-out does not prohibit our disclosure of personal data for any purposes other than direct marketing.
The data we process and share may include your name, address, email address, and telephone number.

Automatic gathering of information. We collect data you provide to us online, and through websites of unaffiliated third parties.

Automatic gathering of information by third parties. When you visit our Websites, third parties can collect personal data about your online activities over time and across different websites pertaining to your visit to or to the use of our and other websites.

Do-not-track requests. California residents visiting may request we do not automatically gather and track information pertaining to their online browsing movements across the internet.
Such requests are typically made through web browser settings that control signals or other mechanisms providing consumers with the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personal data about an individual consumer's online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services.
We currently do not have the ability to perform such tracking, but only track your interaction with our Services.
The CCPA has extended California residents' data protection rights.
However, we have already guaranteed all these rights and described them precisely in this Notice as well as a means of rights exercising.
Please refer below to investigate.

Right to be informed. Please find a list of personal data we collect about you and your activity, sources and business purposes of personal data collection, and third parties we may share your personal data with in the Section 3 - 7 of the Notice.
Your Right of access, Data portability, and Right to delete are prescribed by Section 10 of the Notice.
You can exercise these rights any time by contacting us via:

Visit the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page to learn more about cookies opt-out.
Ticket form on our Website.

Note, the CCPA envisages some specific requirements related to the exercising of these data protection rights.
Considering them, we may:

respond to your request within forty-five (45) days of receipt;
provide you with personal data we collected about you no more than twice in a 12-month period (categories and specific pieces of collected personal data, business purpose and sources of collection, categories of third parties personal data is shared with);
NOT provide you with personal data if we cannot verify your identity.
You shall provide us with sufficient information allowing us to verify you as the person about whom we collected personal data.
However, we do consider requests made through your Account sufficiently verified.
NOT transmit your personal data to another entity.

Also, please be aware we are allowed to maintain personal data after a deletion request is received as permitted by the CCPA (for instance, for the purposes of detection of security incidents, repair errors, compliance with legal obligations, transaction completion).

We want to highlight how Clario does not sell, rent, or trade your personal data to anyone.

Non-discrimination right.
We definitely will not discriminate (including, by denying Services, charging different prices for Services, providing different quality of Services) against you for exercising any of your CCPA data protection rights.12.
“Do not call” listClario works with incoming calls from people who need our help.
If you use Customer Support as part of Clario Services, an agent from Customer Support may call you only upon your request, or if you have scheduled a call according to a mutual (oral and/or written) agreement between you and the agent.
Nevertheless, if you do not want to receive any calls from Customer Support, you can always request an agent to put you on our internal “Do Not Call” list during the call/session.
You may also request to be put on the internal “Do Not Call” list by contacting us via support@macupdate.com.
Please note it may take up to thirty (30) days for your request to be implemented.13.
Changes to this NoticeAll changes will be published on our websites and we recommend reviewing it to stay up to date.
If we make any changes we feel may affect your privacy rights, we will notify you by email or by displaying the information within our products or on the website.
