

 Legal binding on User Agreement

When you agree to our User Agreement, you are agreeing to be as first part of User Agreement which means you must follow your part of User Agreement and We are agreeing to be second part of User Agreement which means we also must follow our port of User
Agreement.

 When you purchase our products, you are agreeing about that you are over 18, or have the consent of a parent/guardian.
you consent privacy policy and agree to
follow our User Agreement to avoid termination.
Once you bind to our User Agreement, you must follow it till the account termination, deletion or writing notice to us about you no longer want to have an account in Mad
Hosting.

 We have a right to suspend, terminate, and do actions *WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE* if you do not comply with our Terms of Service, Refund Policy etc. Laws

When you bind to our User Agreement, You will follow your Country laws and our business country laws to comply with the best experience with our laws and yours laws.
If you provide any law which does not meet our User Agreement, we will forcefully change
the User Agreement. Liabilities

All services and websites that Mad Hosting provides and uses are "AS IT IS ".
We do not give any liabilities for any hacking, loss, etc.
The liability is in your hands. Illegal Actions

You are not allowed to use services provided by Mad Hosting for cryptomining, hacking, DDoSsing, Dossing, bruteforcing, or any other action that may cause an interruption to Mad Hosting and its services, and harm to our customers.
 Rights

Mad Hosting has the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason we seem fit.
We will refund the entire amount before 24 hours of the order. Payments

All payment and the gateways are listed on the billing panel (includes Paypal, Paypal Basic, and Stripe), all payments must comply with the refund policy and your countries laws.
To purchase any service provided by Mad Hosting, you declare that you are
above 18, and/or have the permission and consent of a parent/guardian who are above the legal age. Downtime / Maintenance

We don't have a 100% uptime guarantee, however we do try and fix any technical issues to ensure your service(s) are online.
We may do any maintenances, fixes etc.
If any downtime occurs, you will be notified on any one of our platforms, or it'll be shown as offline on our status page (https://status.madhosting.tech).
If a service goes offline, we do not refund unless your service(s) is applicable for our Refund Policy.
Refer to our Service Level Agreement for any other information.
This term must comply with the Liabilities term. Return Policy

Mad Hosting offers a 48 hour refund policy.
You must provide a valid reason for a refund.
We will process this refund within 3 days, processing time will
not count as the days of used services.
A small transaction fee may be taken by the payment method (PayPal, Stripe, etc.) Once the refund is complete, you are blacklisted from purchasing a product for 3 days to prevent future abuse.
You may not request for a refund if your service has passed our 72 hour refund period.
 If you fail to make a payment within 3 days after an invoice is due, will result in your ordered service being suspended.
If you have not paid for your service, and your service(s) has been suspended, you will have to pay the unpaid invoices in order for the service(s) to be unsuspended.
 Chargebacks

Any chargebacks or reversed transactions made on your invoices will result in your account (on billing panel and game panel) being immediately terminated and will be banned from using our services. Minecraft EULA

By using any Minecraft Related service on Mad Hosting, including but not limited to Minecraft server hosting, you agree to the Minecraft End User License Agreement and any related or additional agreements, terms, or conditions specified therein, as provided
by Mojang AB.
Minecraft EULA: https://account.mojang.com/documents/minecraft_eula

 Changes in Terms of Service(s)
If We make any changes to our Terms of Service, We will post those changes on this page.
We will try our best to inform you about any changes, but it is your responsibility to check this page frequently for any updated changes.

 If you continue to use our services after any changes, you agree to be bound by the updated Terms of Service.
Changes are in effect as they are posted on this page.
