

 Introduction

Mad Hosting ("us", "we", or "our", "me", "my") operates https://madhosting.tech (our service).

Client ("you", "your", or "yourself") is an individual who accesses and uses our service.


This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our service.
Client information is collected to facilitate the provision of our services.

 The Information We Collect:

- If you have purchased a server from our website (https://madhosting.tech), we collect this: 



First and Last Name
IP Address
Address (Address you provided while registering)
Email Address
Discord Username (If provided)
Cookies &amp.
Usage Information.
Company Name (If provided)
ISP Name
We (Mad Hosting) will not sell this data to any third-party service.
By visiting our websites may use third-party services which include (but not limited to): Google Analytics, Hetzner Online GmbH, OVH Cloud, Cloudflare,
PayPal, Stripe, TrustPilot, WHMCS, Discord, and other services.
 How do we use this information?

Client information is used to provide and improve our service, and in particular for the following purposes:
Ensuring our services are secure, prevent future attacks, prevent fraudulent orders, detect and prevent technical issues, provide support, and to provide safe experience for future customers. Payment Details

We aim to provide a secure experience for our customers.
All credit card transactions are handled by Stripe.
We do not store all digits of the card number, only the last four digits for our reference.
No information is shared with any third-party service except Stripe themselves.
All payments using the PayPal payment method are handeled by Paypal Holdings, Inc. Protecting your data:

Security of your data is very important to us and we take numerous precautions, but there is no method of securing your data that is 100% secure.
We ensure your data is protected using multiple methods, which include (but not limited to): bcrypt hashing, AES-256-CBC encryption, and HTTPS / SSL handshake transactions.

 Automatic ("Recurring") Payments:

If you're making payments via Stripe (Credit Card), you will be automatically billed based on your invoice's date.
Until you remove your card from our systems or cancel your service, you will be continued to be billed.
We do not refund automated payments unless you're applicable for our refund policy (72 hours)
 European Customers:

European Citizens have the right to withdraw the consent from our User Agreement.
Once you withdraw, you are no longer able to purchase a server and we will not store your information.
If you'd like to request your data, you may contact Me on My discord
(Mad#7010) or imad@madhosting.tech, and we will respond to you personally as soon as possible.


The Distance Selling Act in the European Union states that European Citizens have the right to return digital products within 14 days for a full refund.
This does not apply to any customers outside the European
Union and/or non-citizens inside the European Union.
You may be asked for verification to show proof of citizenship and/or residence.
 California Online Privacy Protection Act:

California Online Privacy Protection Act is made to protect any USA state citizen data and all of the international and internal companies need to follow the act.
Due to CPPA you have rights to visit anonymously, see the Privacy Policy link at our website
pages and you have right to change your personal information in our collected data. Children as Clients:

We do not provide services to anyone under the age of 13.
("Client") When you register on our site, we do not knowingly collect information on anyone under the age of 13.
If you're a parent or guardian, and you would like the Client, who's under the age of 13, have shared Data and Information without your consent, we will remove all information related to that Client from our systems.

 What are my rights?

All Mad Hosting users and clients are to the following GDPR, COPPA, &amp.
UK GDPR complying rights: Full knowledge of all data we store on you.
Ability to retract any of your data.* Final say in whether your data is sold or not.
Prohibit us from
accessing your data.


 Mojang End-User License Agreement

When agreeing to our terms and conditions, you agree you've read and accepted the Mojang End-User License Agreement: https://account.mojang.com/documents/minecraft_eula.


 Changes about Privacy Policy:
If we change our privacy policy we will post those changes on this page.
We will try our best to inform you about any changes, but it is your responsibility to check this page frequently for any updated changes.

 If you continue to use our services after any changes, you agree to be bound by the updated Privacy Policy.
Changes are in effect as they are posted on this page.
