
         In this document 
 Copyright 
 Trademark 

At Mailchimp, we respect the intellectual property rights of others and expect our users to do the same.
Our Terms prohibit users from violating someone else’s intellectual property rights, including copyright and trademark.
If you believe content that belongs to you is being used through our Services or Websites without your permission, we want to know about it.
You can send notice of the alleged infringement to our designated agent.
Here’s his contact information:
Scott Culpepper
675 Ponce de Leon Ave NE, Suite 5000
Atlanta, GA, 30308
legal@mailchimp.com (or use our contact form) 
If you do send us a notice, please note that we may forward your notice, including your contact information, to the user who posted or used the content that you are complaining about.
If you’re not sure whether content on one of our Websites or sent through our Service infringes your intellectual rights, then you may want to speak with legal counsel in your area before notifying us.
Finally, before sending us a notice you may want to reach out to the person or organization who posted or used the content you believe infringes your rights.
You may be able to resolve the issue directly with that person or organization without contacting Mailchimp. Copyright When reporting a claim of copyright infringement, please ensure your notice includes the following:

The name, address, telephone number, and email address of the copyright owner;
An identification or description of the copyrighted work that you claim is being infringed;
A description of the content on our Websites or sent through our Service that you claim infringes your copyright;
An identification of where the allegedly infringing content is located on our Websites or was sent through our Service (a URL works best);
A statement that: (a) you have a good faith belief that the use isn’t authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law.
(b) the information in your notice is accurate.
and (c) under penalty of perjury, you are the owner or you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
and
An electronic or physical signature from the copyright owner or someone authorized to act on their behalf.
 Trademark When reporting a claim of trademark infringement, please ensure your notice includes the following:

The name, address, telephone number, and email address of the trademark owner;
An identification of the trademark that you claim is being infringed, including the trademark registration number, the country/jurisdiction where the trademark is registered, an identification of the category of goods and/or services covered by your registration, and a link to the registration or copies of your certificate of registration;
A description of the content on our Websites or sent through our Service that you claim infringes your trademark, including an explanation of how you believe the content is infringing;
An identification of where the allegedly infringing content is located on our Websites or was sent through our Service (a URL works best);
A statement that: (a) you have a good faith belief that the use isn’t authorized by the trademark owner, its agent or the law.
(b) the information in your notice is accurate.
and (c) under penalty of perjury, you are the owner or you are authorized to act on behalf of the trademark owner.
and
An electronic or physical signature from the trademark owner or someone authorized to act on their behalf

This Copyright and Trademark Policy applies to the websites where Mailchimp offers the Services, including the websites http://www.mailchimp.com, http://www.tinyletter.com, and http://www.mandrill.com, as well as any other sites owned or operated by us (each a “Website” and together the “Websites”).
This Policy also applies to all uses of our Services.

Updated April 4, 2017

