
         Login EN 
DE
FR
 Toggle navigation 
mail.ch
Functions
Products
Security
Company
Data protection
 Privacy statement We attach great importance to the security and the protection of your data  The provider of the site https://mail.ch and the e-mail services contained therein is mail.de GmbH, Münsterstraße 3, 33330 Gütersloh, Germany.
You can find further information regarding our company in our imprint.
Please find information below about the collection, processing and use of your personal data by our site and online services in accordance with the regulations of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR/DSGVO).
 1.
Collection, processing and use of your data 1.1 Registration  We collect and use your personal data insofar as they are necessary for the establishment, content-related design or change to a contractual relationship between you as user and us as provider (Section 6(1b) GDPR).

 You can register with our e-mail service without entering any personal data.

 Insofar as you decide to use additional services which are liable to payment (e.g.
registration for the premium package "PlusMail" or additional services, such as SMS etc.), your name or the name of the paying person will be collected in our systems, however not stored, depending on the selected modes of payment.
A comparison between the e-mail inbox and payment is carried out through a payment code generated at random, which is deleted with the payment compensation.
Your registration/payment will remain anonymous.

 All data, which you enter for the registration will be collected through electronic order forms and transmitted encrypted during the order process.
 1.2 Traffic data  Traffic data are collected, processed and used in order to enable and settle the use of these services.
As a rule date, time as well as time zone of the start and end of the use, the path of the request (the actual webpage), the response status / http-status code and the IP address are recorded.
Furthermore we record the website from which the request originates, the browser and operating system and its user interface as well as the language and version of the browser software.
This data will be deleted after fourteen days.
The recording of this data is a technical requirement to render the web-page and to ensure the stability and security of our service (Section 6(1f) GDPR).
 1.3 Transmission of your data to service providers  Your data will be transmitted to 

 service providers commissioned by us (order data processors), with which corresponding agreements exist according to Section 28 GDPR.

 service providers for the purpose of determining the remuneration, for settlement and for collection of the remuneration.

 to criminal prosecution authorities and courts for the purpose of criminal prosecution within the framework of the applicable statutory regulations.

 2.
Use of your data for advertising purposes (only FreeMail customers) 2.1 Sending of the "Mail.ch recommends newsletter"  A registration for our FreeMail offer is only possible if you agree to the use of your data for advertising purposes with the registration.
Your data will only be used in order to send you advertising information by mail newsletter.
You will then regularly receive our "Mail.ch recommends …" newsletter from us.

 This newsletter is part of the free FreeMail package.
An unsubscription is not possible.
In case of a change into our premium package "PlusMail" you will no longer receive the mail.ch-newsletter as well as partner newsletters in future.
 2.2 Transfer to advertisement partners  Your data will continue to be forwarded to our advertising partners listed on the partner site at the time of the registration, which will also send you advertising by e-mail.
This is in accordance to your consent as defined in Section 6(1a) GDPR.
Please refer to the data protection provisions and possibilities for revocation of our advertising partners on their websites.
You can object to the sending of advertising by our partners by clicking on "unsubscribe" in the respective e-mail (mostly at the end of the e-mail) and/or by sending an e-mail as a reply to the sender with the request for "deletion/blocking".
You can then continue to use our FreeMail service without restriction.
 3.
Storage and deletion of your data | right to information | data protection officer 3.1 Storage  Your data will be stored for the duration of the contractual relationship (Section 6(1b) GDPR).
After termination your data will be stored according to the statutory storage deadlines and blocked for all other use.
Your data will be deleted after expiry of the statutory deadlines.
 3.2 Right to information, correction and deletion or blockage  According to Section 15 et seq.
GDPR you are entitled to information about the data, which we store relating to you, free of charge.
You are also entitled to have this data corrected, deleted or limited in its use.
Furthermore you are entitled to the transfer of this data and the objection to the use of your personal data.
Please send us an e-mail at support@mail.ch to claim these rights.
 3.3 The data protection officer of our company is:  Herr Prof.
Dr.
Thomas Jäschke DATATREE AG | Heubesstraße 10 | 40597 Düsseldorf, Deutschland E-Mail: dsb@datatree.eu | Fax: +49 211 - 9319 0799
 3.4 Your right for complaint at a regulating authority  You have the right to complain at a regulating authority about the use of your personal data by us.
The appropriate regulating authority for us is: The State Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information of North Rhine-Westphalia, Kavalleriestr.
2-4, 40213 Düsseldorf, Phone: +49 211/38424-0, Fax: +49 211/38424-10, Website https://www.ldi.nrw.de, E-Mail: poststelle@ldi.nrw.de  4.
Use of webtracking services 4.1 Cookies  We use cookies in order to make the visit to our website attractive and to enable the use of certain functions.
Cookies are small text files, which are filed on your computer.
The majority of the cookies used by us will be deleted by your hard drive again after the end of the browser session (so-called session cookies).
Other cookies remain on your computer and enable us to recognise your computer again on your next visit (so-called permanent cookies).
You can configure your browser-settings according to your preferences and e.g.
disable the use of third-party-cookies.
We do inform you that this may prohibit some functionality with our services.
 The cookies we use do not contain any personal data.
For reasons of transparency, we publish a current list of the cookies we use, their applications and the duration of their storage under https://mail.ch/en/cookies/.
 5.
CAPTCHA-Services 5.1 Google reCAPTCHA  As protection against abuse we use the reCAPTCHA service of the company Google Inc.
with an anonymous registration (Section 6(1f) GDPR).
The query serves to distinguish whether the input is carried out by a person or as improper use by automatic, mechanical processing.
The query includes the despatch of your IP address and, if applicable, further data required by Google for the reCAPTCHA service to Google as well as an examination of the mouse movement in the field of the checkbox.
The deviating data protection provisions of the Google apply to these data http://www.google.de/intl/de/privacy.

 If you prevent the storage of cookies or the forwarding of information by browser settings or with add-ons Google will continue to output the classical Captchas.
You can also avoid the use of your data by the Google Service reCAPTCHA if you register under your name.
 5.2 hCaptcha  As protection against abuse we use the hCaptcha service provided by the company Intuition Machines, Inc.
(Section 6(1f) GDPR) their Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 Status: 25.11.2020  Verified data protection High level of security All mail.ch websites are TLS-encrypted.
All protocols are available encrypted.
About mail.ch 
Privacy Policy
Terms &amp.
Conditions
Revocation
Legal Notice

 All rights reserved.
©2015-2021 by mail.de GmbH  We value your privacy!Understoodmail.de uses Cookies among other things for the pseudonymized analysis and improvement of the web page, as well as for the playing out of personalized advertisements with use of the FreeMail service.
Under privacy and cookies you will find further information and the possibility to deactivate these cookies.
      