
         Terms of Use In short, behave

 We are sorry for the lengthy legal text.
We tried to keep it as short and clear as possible.
 BY COMPLETING THE REGISTRATION PROCESS, YOU STATE THAT YOU ARE ELIGIBLE FOR AN ACCOUNT AT MAILFENCE AND THAT YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SERVICE. Following are the Terms and Conditions for use of the secure email service Mailfence, referred to as the "Service", provided by : ContactOffice Group sa Rue Middelbourg 64b B-1170 Brussels - Belgium support@mailfence.com +32 (0)2 647 92 35 BE 0466 241 584  The Service is offered to you, conditional on your acceptance without any modification, of these Terms of Use.Member account, password and security  You must be a human.
Accounts registered by 'bots' or other automated methods are not permitted. You must provide a valid email address and any other information requested in order to complete the signup process. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account.
Mailfence cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise due to your failure to comply with this security obligation.You agree to notify the Service immediately of any unauthorised use of your account or any other breach of security.
Member privacy  It is the Service's policy to respect the privacy of its members.
The Service will not monitor, edit or disclose any personal information about you (including your credit card information) or your use of the Service, including its contents, without your prior permission unless required by the Belgian laws.
Check the privacy policy.
Member conduct  You are responsible for all content posted and activity that occurs in your account.You may not use the Service for any illegal or unauthorised purpose.When using the Service you must not violate any laws in your jurisdiction or ours (including but not limited to copyright laws).
Payment, upgrading and downgrading terms  The Service is billed in advance on a monthly, quarterly or yearly basis depending on the selected plan.For any upgrade or downgrade, the credit card that you provided will automatically be charged with the new rate on your next billing cycle.Downgrading your account may cause the loss of content, features, or capacity.
The Service does not accept any liability for such loss.
Cancellation and termination  You can cancel your plan at any moment with an email or a phone request.
Check the Contact page.
If you cancel your plan before the end of your current paid up month, the cancellation will take effect immediately and you will not be charged again.
If you cancel your plan before the renewal date, the remaining balance will not be refunded.
Modification to the serviceThe Service reserves the right at any time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the services offered (or any part thereof).Any major modification of the Service will be notified to all its users with a 30 days notice except in case of force majeure. The Service shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance.
Copyright and content ownershipWe claim no intellectual property rights over the material you upload to the Service.
Your uploaded profile and content remains yours. The look and feel and the name of the Service are copyrights of ContactOffice Group SA. You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service without our express written permission. You may not duplicate, copy, reuse any portion of the HTML/CSS or visual design elements without express written permission from ContactOffice Group SA.
General conditionsYou use the Service at your own risk.
The service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. Priority support is only provided to paying account holders and is available via email and telephone. The Service may, but has no obligation to, remove by its sole discretion, content which is illegal, offensive, threatening, libellous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or which violates any party's intellectual property or these Terms of Service.
Disclaimers/limitation of liability  You expressly understand and agree that the Service shall not be liable for any damages resulting from :
The use or the inability to use the service;
Unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data;
Statements or conduct of any third party on the service;


IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify and hold the Service from any claim, demand or damage, including reasonable attorneys' fees, asserted by any third party due to or arising out of your use of or conduct on the Service.
CourtsThis agreement is governed by Belgian law.
The courts located in Brussels, Belgium shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute that may arise.
Use of the Service is unauthorised in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these Terms and Conditions, including without limitation, this paragraph.
You are done!  Congrats !
Last updated on June 21, 2017.

