

 Mailfence 
 Two-factor authentication How to protect your account with 2FA/TOTP

What is two factor authentication? When logging in with two factor authentication enabled, one must provide not only the login and password, but also a one-time password (because it changes automatically over time).
Think about online banking systems.This constantly changing password is generated by an app that you install on your smartphone or tablet.
The technical term is Time-based One-Time Password (TOTP).
Other websites use it as well.

Activation This feature requires that you first install an app on your smartphone or tablet.
This app is not related to Mailfence and can be used to connect to other websites as well.

Android: Authy, Google Authenticator, FreeOTP
iOS: Authy, Google Authenticator, FreeOTP
Windows Phone: Authenticator
In case you prefer, other TOTP apps can be used, on condition they are based on the open standard TOTP algorithm.Google Authenticator: although it is a Google app, it is secure, because Google has no knowledge of your Mailfence password.
Then :
Log in as usual
Click on Settings in the toolbar.
Go to Account and select Security.
In the Two factor authentication, click on Set-up.
Open the app on your device and scan the QR code.
Mailfence appears in the app, along with a 6 digits code.
This code changes on a regular basis.
Please make sure to generate backup codes and store them in a secure place.
In case you lose access to your TOTP app, you will be able to log in using one of these backup codes.
Note: generating new backup codes will always invalidate the previous ones.
To log in, enter the 6 digits code in Mailfence.
From now on, each time you will connect to Mailfence, you will have to enter this code.
Your device is linked to your Mailfence account and no other device can be linked to it at the same time.

How to use it 

Log in as usual with your login and password.
An intermediary page appears and asks for the 6 digits code displayed in the TOTP app.
If the code is correct, you are logged in.



 Home English Français Español Português Italiano Deutsch Nederlands Sverige Русский Turkce Privacy Private email Privacy policy Threat model Security Secure email Encryption Two-factor authentication About Terms of use Transparency Report Company Press More Support Documentation FAQ Pricing Mailfence for Business Contact Blog 








 Mailfence™ ©2020 - Rue Middelbourg 64B - B-1170 Brussels - Belgium - Europe 
      