
 mail.com Company  Show/hide navigation 


 Email 
 Email 
 Create email account 
 Domains 
 Mail app 
 Email address ideas 
 Business email 
 Mail Collector 
 MailCheck 
 Premium 


 Features 
 Organizer 
 Contacts 
 Online Office 
 Search 
 Firefox + mail.com 


 Cloud 
 Cloud 
 Cloud backup 
 File sharing 
 Cloud upgrade 
 Cloud for Windows &amp.
macOS 


 Security 
 Security 
 Spam filter 
 Antivirus 
 Password 
 Two-factor authentication 


 Support 
 Migration service 
 First steps webmail 
 First steps Android 
 First steps iOS 
 Help &amp.
Contact Center 


 Blog 
 Privacy Policy Permission Management The mail.com online portal is a round-the-clock hub for entertainment and information: news, sports, searches and much more.
But we know the most important thing is the privacy of your data.
It is always possible to edit your permission settings here.
If you have an account with us or if you are using our Android or iOS Mail app, you can change your account settings here after the Login:
 Edit account settings 
If you do not have an account with us and are using your browser, you can change the privacy settings for this specific browser here:
 Edit browser settings  Privacy Policy 1&1 Mail &amp.
Media Inc.
("mail.com") has created this Privacy Policy in order to demonstrate our commitment to privacy to our customers and users of this website.
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which mail.com uses, maintains and discloses information collected from its customers and users of its website. Children mail.com does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.
mail.com understands, however, that parents, guardians, or other adults often register our products for family use, including use by minors.
Because some information is collected electronically, it may appear to be that of the registered mail.com customer, and will be treated as such by this Privacy Policy.
If we learn that a child under the age of 13 has submitted personal information to mail.com we will attempt to delete the information as soon as possible. Information We Collect mail.com may request or collect personal information from online users in a variety of ways, including through online forms for ordering products and services, and other instances where users are invited to volunteer such information.
The data we collect is information that identifies you personally, and may include:


Your name
Gender
Date of Birth
Postal address
E-mail address
Telephone and telefax numbers
Credit card information
Other billing information

You can modify your personal information at any time by logging in to your account at mail.com and navigating to My Account -&gt.
Personal Data.
To delete your account in its entirety, please navigate to My Account and follow the instructions under “Delete Account.” For more information on managing your account see the help section in your mail.com account.
mail.com may also collect information about how users access the website using a tracking ID unique to each user through the use of cookies.
 What are Cookies? A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user.
We may use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies.
Third parties may also be placing and reading cookies on your browser, or using web beacons to collect information in the course of advertising being services on our website.
For session ID cookies, once you close your browser or log out, the cookie terminates and is erased.
A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on your computer’s hard drive for an extended period of time.
Your browser’s help file contains information and instructions for removing persistent cookies.
Session ID cookies may be used by mail.com to track user preferences while the user is visiting the website.
They also help to minimize load times and save on server processing.
Persistent cookies may be used by mail.com to store whether, for example, you want your password remembered or not, and other information.
Cookies used on the mail.com website do not contain personally identifiable information. Log Files Like most standard websites, we use log files.
This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
However, none of the information stored in our log files, including but not limited to IP addresses, is linked to personally identifiable information. How We Use and Share this Information mail.com may use the personally identifiable information collected by mail.com to contact customers regarding products and services offered by mail.com and, to the extent the user has agreed to it, by its trusted affiliates, independent contractors and business partners.
We may also use this information and share it with trusted third parties for research purposes regarding the effectiveness of our website services, marketing, advertising and sales efforts, and to create links between two or more customer devices.
mail.com will not share this information with a third party for a third party’s marketing purposes unless you specifically authorize such information sharing.
mail.com does not sell or rent your contact information to third parties. Third party cookies and tracking We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our website.
These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you.
These companies typically use a cookie or third-party web beacon to collect this information.
To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit network advertising. Disclosure of Information mail.com may disclose your personal information as it deems necessary, in mail.com‘s sole discretion, to:
(a) comply with legal process or other legal requirements, including but not limited to responding to civil or criminal subpoenas, search warrants, national security letters, court orders, or other requests for information from law enforcement officials; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of mail.com or its officers, agents, affiliates, licensees, and customers.
or
(c) carry out its obligations under or enforce this Agreement or to assign its rights under this Agreement.
mail.com may from time to time use third-party technology and/or engage third parties, including its own subsidiaries and affiliated companies, to preserve, analyze or otherwise store or process data received by mail.com from its customers.
Such third-party service providers are required to treat all such data with the same degree of care as mail.com and are prohibited from disclosing such data to any other person or party, except as otherwise provided for in this Privacy Policy.
MAIL.COM RESERVES THE RIGHT (SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LOCAL LAW), IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION, TO MONITOR YOUR ACCOUNT, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE USE OF A USER'S MAIN ACCOUNT AND ANY SUB-ACCOUNTS, FOR THE PURPOSE OF INVESTIGATING VIOLATIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT OR TO ASSIST WITH CRIMINAL OR CIVIL INVESTIGATIONS.
mail.com may also disclose aggregate, anonymous data based on information collected from users to trusted third parties, investors, and potential partners.
In such cases, only statistical information will be disclosed and personally identifiable data will be kept confidential.
In case mail.com is sold, the information collected from users may be transferred to the new owners. Special Offers and Updates On rare occasions, it is necessary to send out a strictly service-related announcement, if, for instance, our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance.
Generally, users may not opt-out of these communications, though they can deactivate their account.
However, these communications are not promotional in nature. Third Party Websites The mail.com website contains links to other sites.
Please be aware that mail.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information.
The mail.com Privacy Policy as described herein applies solely to information collected by mail.com.


Marketing

The abovementioned third parties include our marketing partners, who provide the following tools that help us understand what content is relevant to you so we can continue to address you in a way that is tailored to your needs.
Advertisements, promotional offers, and other direct marketing communications are shown in accordance with your preferences on your mobile apps, social media channels, and web browser.


These technologies are only used if you have given your consent in our consent management platform.
This consent is entirely voluntary and can be revoked for the future in the consent management platform at any time.


Microsoft Advertising

Microsoft Corporation
One Microsoft Way
Redmond, WA 98052-6399
USA
View Microsoft Privacy Statement


LinkedIn

LinkedIn Corporation
1000 W.
Maude Avenue
Sunnyvale, CA 94085
USA
View LinkedIn Privacy Statement


Google 

Google HQ
1600 Amphitheatre Parkway
Mountain View, CA 94043
USA
View Google Privacy Statement


Meta

Meta Headquarters
1 Hacker Way
Menlo Park, CA 94025
USA
View Facebook Privacy Statement


Instagram

Meta Headquarters
1 Hacker Way
Menlo Park, CA 94025
USA
View Instagram Privacy Statement


To provide you with the advertising, based on your interest, we work with our partner Index Exchange.
If you no longer want to receive interest-based advertising provided by them, please visit Index Exchange Privacy Policy to opt-out.


Social Media Buttons

The links to social media platforms are integrated in such a way that data is not automatically transmitted to the operator of the social media platform.
The buttons are integrated on our web pages as direct links.
Data is only transmitted if you click on the link.


Games

We make online games from various partners available to customers via https://games.mail.com.
End customers can register with the respective cooperation partners and play the games free of charge.
The customer is redirected to the partner's page (games open in a new tab or browser window).
During the registration process, the customer must agree to the terms and conditions and data protection declarations of the respective partner.
This takes place exclusively on the side of the respective partner.
In the case of games without registration, the partner's data protection provisions and terms and conditions are displayed directly when the partner page is called up.
By registering with one of the cooperation partners, the end customer enters into a contractual relationship exclusively with this external partner.
In order to be able to present you the online games offer of our partners, pseudonymized usage data is collected.
However, these do not allow any conclusions to be drawn about your person, they only give us information about whether our users were able to find their way around our website or what could be improved.


Partners:

Innogames GmbH, Friesenstraße 13, 20097 Hamburg, Germany
Company Page
Privacy Statement


WHOW Games GmbH, Bleichenbrücke 10, 20354 Hamburg, Germany
Company Page Privacy Statement


Altigi GmbH, Theodorstr.
42-90, Haus 9, 22761 Hamburg, Germany
Company Page
Privacy Statement


Bigpoint GmbH, Drehbahn 47-48, 20354 Hamburg, Germany
Company Page
Privacy Statement


Travian Games GmbH.
Wilhelm-Wagenfeld-Str.
22, 80807 München
Company Page
Privacy Statement


Bytro Labs, Zirkusweg 2, 20359 Hamburg
Company Page
Privacy Statement


Advergame Technologies Pvt.
Ltd.
Awfis, 1st Floor, L29, Connaught Place, Delhi – 110001, India (Minigames)
Company Page
Privacy Statement


Upjers GmbH, Hafenstraße 13, 96052 Bamberg
Company Page
Privacy Statement Maintenance of Information The information provided to mail.com is saved indefinitely and may be stored on one or more databases directly or indirectly maintained by mail.com.
mail.com employs industry-standard security measures to protect the confidentiality of the information.
While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of data will not occur, we make every effort to prevent such occurrences. Your Responsibility You are responsible for the security of your Customer ID and passwords.
Make sure you keep them in a safe place and do not share them with others.
Always remember to log out after your session ends to ensure that others cannot access your private personal information.
You should take this precaution even if you are not using a public computer, such as at a library or internet café, but even when using your private computer in your home. Your California Privacy Rights In accordance with CCPA, California residents have the right to have access to and delete their data, as well as to opt out of the sale (broadly interpreted) of their personal data.
In order to guarantee and facilitate the exercise of these rights, we have provided the page "Do not sell my personal information".


In addition to the abovementioned and in response to the requirements of CCPA, it is our aim to extend the transparency of the information collected and shared with third parties, which is why on pages related to data protection, such as the "Privacy Policy" and/or "Data Collection", the information referred to encompasses the data processing of the past twelve months.


The exercise of these rights and the access to the information provided will not lead to any discriminatory treatment, nor will it negatively affect the service.


You can find more information or exercise your rights under CCPA here: Do not sell my personal information.


It is important to us that you have control over your data.
As a mail.com user, you have the right to download all your personal data in standardized formats so you can use it for your own purposes.
You can find more information in our Help Center. Questions For questions concerning this Privacy Policy please contact customer support.
© 1&1 Mail and Media Inc., 2020, All rights reserved
Version: May 10, 2022

 About mail.com 
 Terms &amp.
Conditions 
 Privacy Policy 
 Data Collection 
 CA Do Not Sell My Info 
 Environment 
 Jobs 
 Help Center 

