
         In this document 
 What are cookies? 
 Why do we use cookies and other tracking technologies? 
 Cookies served through our Mailchimp Sites 
 Targeted online advertising 
 Cookies served through the Service 
 How can I control cookies? 
 How often will you update this Cookie Statement? 
 Where can I get further information? 

Mailchimp is owned and operated by The Rocket Science Group LLC (“Mailchimp”, “we”, “us”, and “our”).
This Cookie Statement explains how we use cookies and similar technologies in the course of our business, including through our websites that link to this Cookie Statement, such as http://www.mailchimp.com, http://www.tinyletter.com, and http://www.mandrill.com, or any website or mobile application owned, operated or controlled by us (collectively, “Mailchimp Sites” or “Mailchimp Site”), and when our Members’ end users visit websites or e-commerce stores operated by our Members or open or interact with emails delivered through our Service.
It explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them.
This Cookie Statement is and will be treated as part of our Terms of Use, and is automatically incorporated therein.
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined in this Cookie Statement have the meanings given to those terms in our Privacy Policy or Additional Terms.
In some cases we may use cookies and other tracking technologies described in this Cookie Statement to collect Personal Information, or to collect information that becomes Personal Information if we combine it with other information.
For more information about how we process your Personal Information, please consult our Privacy Policy. What are cookies? Cookies are small data files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website.
Cookies are widely used by online service providers in order to (for example) make their websites or services work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide reporting information.
Cookies set by the website owner or service provider (in this case, Mailchimp) are called “first-party cookies”.
Cookies set by parties other than the website owner are called “third-party cookies”.
Third-party cookies enable third-party features or functionality to be provided on or through the website or service you are using (such as advertising, interactive content and analytics).
The third parties that set these third-party cookies can recognize your computer both when it visits the website or service in question and also when it visits certain other websites or services. Why do we use cookies and other tracking technologies? We use first-party and third-party cookies for several reasons.
Some cookies are required for technical reasons in order for our Mailchimp Sites and Service to operate, and we refer to these as “essential” or “strictly necessary” cookies.
Other cookies enable us and the third parties we work with to track and target the interests of Visitors to our Mailchimp Sites, and we refer to these as “performance” or “functionality” cookies.
For example, we use cookies to tailor content and information that we may send or display to you and otherwise personalize your experience while interacting with our Mailchimp Sites and to otherwise improve the functionality of the Service we provide.
We also enable our Members to employ cookies and similar tracking technologies in connection with their use of our Service in order to allow us and our Members to track their Contacts or end users.
Finally, third parties serve cookies through our Mailchimp Sites and Service for advertising, analytics, and other purposes.
This is described in more detail below. Cookies served through our Mailchimp Sites The specific types of first and third-party cookies served through our Mailchimp Sites and the purposes they perform are described in further detail below:
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our Mailchimp Sites and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the Mailchimp Sites, you cannot refuse them without impacting how our Mailchimp Sites function.
You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings, as described under the heading "How can I control cookies?" in this Cookie Statement. CategoriesCookies Mailchimp

These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our Mailchimp Sites and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas._mcga_mcPHPSESSID_new-status-app_sessionJSESSIONIDmc_blog_Session_mcidKB_ID_integrations_session_experts_sessionPHPSESSDATAwhatsNewLastVisitedKB_HISMC_ATPC_abckbm_szAk_bmsc_PARTNER_SIGNUP EPHEMERA_IDAKA_A2
Wufoo

These cookies are used to embed forms on our Mailchimp Sites.ep202SSPVSSRTep201SSLBSSSCSSID
OneTrust

These cookies are set by the cookie compliance solution from OneTrust.OptanonConsentOptanonAlertBoxClosed Performance and Functionality Cookies
These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our Mailchimp Site.
They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and to see how visitors move around the Mailchimp Site.
All information these cookies collect is aggregated.
Although important to us, these cookies are non-essential to the use of the Mailchimp Site.
However, without these cookies, certain functionality may become unavailable. CategoriesCookies Mailchimp

These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our Mailchimp Sites but are non-essential to their use.zte2095_TEST_COOKIE__zlcmid__mc_langlocale
Zopim

These cookies support our chat service and accelerate loading times for chat functionality available through our Mailchimp Sites.__cfduid
W3 Total Cache

This cookie is set by W3 Total Cache plug-in for sites based on the WordPress content management system.
It is used for performance optimization.w3tc_referrer
Wistia

These cookies support video functionality on some of our Knowledge Base pages.__distillerymuxData
New Relic

New Relic views and analyzes massive amounts of data, and provides actionable insights in real-time for software.JSESSIONID
Usabilla

This cookie is used to track continuous, visual live user feedback.usabilla_live Analytics and Customization Cookies
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our Mailchimp Sites are being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our Mailchimp Sites and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
These cookies may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages. CategoriesCookies Mailchimp

This cookie is used to customize our Mailchimp sites and application._plums_cookie
Optimizely

Optimizely is a testing and experimentation platform that helps us uncover customer insights and create optimal web experiences.optimizelyDomainTestCookieoptimizelyEndUserId
Google

These are set by Google Universal Analytics.
They are used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for our Mailchimp Site analytics reports._gat_ga
Vimeo

This cookie supports video functionality on some of our web pages and tracks views.vuid
Twitter

This cookie helps Twitter improve and understand how people use their services, including Twitter buttons and widgets, and Twitter Ads.lang
Siteimprove

An accessibility compliance tool with page-by-page analysis that maps and identifies significant changes in visitor behavior.siteimproveses
Qualtrics

These cookies are used to track user feedback.QSI_S_co1QSI_SI_<id>_interceptQSIPopUnder_PopUnderTarget_SI_<id>QSI_HistorySession Advertising (Targeting) Cookies
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you and your interests.
They also perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
For further information, see the section of the Cookie Statement entitled "Targeted online advertising". CategoriesCookies Google/DoubleClick
GoogleThese cookies enable behavioral advertising and analytics by Google.APISIDSSIDNIDPREF
drt
SIDSAPISIDidHSID
YouTubeSIDHSIDdemographicsVISITOR_INFO1_LIVEPREFAPISIDSSIDLOGIN_INFOYSCSAPISID
SoundCloudsc_anonymous_idauth_tokenlangtwill
Twitter
These cookies enable behavioral advertising and analytics by Twitter.auth_tokenlangtwll__utmzsecure_sessionguest_id__utmaremember_checkedremember_checked_on__utmbpersonalization_id
ScoreCardResearchUIDUIDR
Neustar AdAdvisor (Aggregate Knowledge)uab
Facebook
These cookies and tracking pixels enable behavioral advertising and analytics by Facebook.datrx-srcfrlu
LinkedIn
These cookies enable behavioral advertising and analytics by LinkedIn.__utmbJSESSIONIDUserMatchHistory_bizo_cksm_liptBizoIDlidcbcookieRT__utma__utmv__utmz_bizo_np_stats__qcalangBizoDataBizoUserMatchHistoryleo_auth_tokenvisit
Flashtalkinganjsessuuid2
YahooB
Amazonad-idad-privacy
DrawbridgeU
BingMUIDBMUID
Medium__cfduid
QuoraQAm-b
Podsights__pdst Other tracking technologies
We and our third-party partners may use other, similar technologies from time to time, like web beacons, SDKs, pixels (or “clear gifs”) and other tracking technologies.
Pixels are tiny graphics files that contain a unique identifier that enable us to recognize when someone has visited our Mailchimp Sites or, in the case of web beacons, opened an email that we have sent them.
This allows us, for example, to monitor the traffic patterns of Visitors from one page within our Mailchimp Sites to another, to deliver or communicate with cookies, to understand whether you have come to our Mailchimp Sites from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, to serve targeted advertisements to you and others like you, to improve site performance, and to measure the success of marketing campaigns.
While you may not have the ability to specifically reject or disable these tracking technologies, in many instances, these technologies are reliant on cookies to function properly.
accordingly, in those instances, declining cookies will impair the functionality of these technologies. Targeted online advertising We have engaged one or more third-party service providers to track and analyze both individualized usage and volume statistical information from interactions with our Mailchimp Sites.
We also partner with one or more third parties (such as advertisers and ad networks) to display advertising on our Mailchimp Sites and/or to manage and serve advertising on other sites.
These third parties use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags and similar tracking technologies to collect and use certain information about your online activities, either on our Mailchimp Sites and/or other sites or mobile apps, to infer your interests and deliver you targeted advertisements that are more tailored to you based on your browsing activities and inferred interests (“Interest Based Advertising”).
For more information about this practice, click here: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.
Our third-party service providers may also use cookies or web beacons to collect information about your visits to our Mailchimp Sites and/or other sites to measure and track the effectiveness of advertisements and our online marketing activities (for example, by collecting data on how many times you click on one of our ads).
The information collected by these third parties does not include personal information that enables you to be specifically identified (e.g.
by reference to your name or email address).

Facebook: We also use the pixel function of Facebook Custom Audiences to identify users who have landed on certain pages for the purposes of target group-orientated remarketing and advertising.
The Facebook pixel stores a cookie, which means that information about your visit to our Mailchimp Site will be shared with Facebook.
Also, as part of the "advanced matching" undertaken by Facebook, other personal information (such as telephone number, email address, Facebook ID) may be shared with Facebook in a protected (hashed) form.
These cookies and the information collected are used to create target groups to help Facebook deliver advertising on our behalf to users who have previously visited our Mailchimp Site when they are on Facebook or a digital platform powered by Facebook Advertising, and to track advertising success.
You can modify your Facebook Ad settings to restrict these advertisements.
Navigate to Settings/Adverts in your Facebook account to adjust your preferences.
Learn more about the different types of Facebook cookies here: https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/ Cookies served through the Service Member email campaigns
We automatically place single pixel gifs, also known as web beacons, in every email sent by our Members.
These are tiny graphic files that contain unique identifiers that enable us and our Members to recognize when their Contacts have opened an email or clicked certain links.
These technologies record each Contact’s email address, IP address, date, and time associated with each open and click for a campaign.
We use this data to create reports for our Members about how an email campaign performed and what actions Contacts took.
Member sites
If a Member elects to use certain Mailchimp add-ons or features, the use of those may permit or require additional cookies or tracking technologies to be employed.
If a Member connects his or her website or e-commerce store (in each case, a “Site”) to a Mailchimp account, Mailchimp installs a JavaScript tracking snippet (“Snippet”) on that Member’s Site.
This Snippet will allow cookies, pixels, and other technologies to be set on that Member’s Site to facilitate the use of certain automations, features and functionality offered by Mailchimp through the Service.
The specific cookies, pixels, or other technologies that will be set on a Member’s Site depend on the particular add-ons or features that the Member chooses to use as part of the Service.
End users should therefore review the relevant Member’s privacy notice and cookie disclosures for further information about the specific types of cookies and other tracking technologies used on the Site.
These optional add-ons and features include:

Google remarketing ads: Our Google remarketing ads feature (also known as web retargeting ads) allows our Members to create and manage advertisements on the Google Display Network.
When a Member elects to use this feature, Mailchimp installs a Google tracking pixel on that Member’s Site through the Snippet.
The Snippet also allows that Member’s Site to set a Mailchimp cookie that will recognize Site end users via ads placed with the Google remarketing ads feature.
These technologies facilitate the placement of advertising campaigns on the Google Display Network and enable Mailchimp to provide reporting to our Members about the performance of these advertising campaigns.
To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading “How can I control cookies?” Alternatively, please click on the relevant opt-out link here:https://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin

Facebook ads (including Facebook remarketing ads): Our Facebook ads feature allows our Members to display ads to their end users and others within the Facebook platform.
When a Member elects to use this feature, Mailchimp installs a Facebook tracking pixel on that Member’s Site through the Snippet.
The Snippet may also allow that Member’s Site to set a Mailchimp cookie that will recognize Site end users via ads placed with the Facebook ads feature.
These tracking technologies facilitate the placement of advertising campaigns on the Facebook platform and enable Mailchimp to provide reporting to our Members about the performance of these advertising campaigns.
Facebook does not provide an opt-out link for its cookies.
For more information about Facebook cookies, please click here: https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/.
To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading “How can I control cookies?”

Product retargeting emails: Our product retargeting emails feature allows our Members to promote new items or best sellers to their end users.
When an end user clicks a link within a product retargeting email, the Member’s Site drops a Mailchimp cookie on that end user’s device that is placed through the Snippet.
This cookie allows Mailchimp to track attribution rates and browser activity and provide reporting to the Member regarding the success of their product retargeting emails.
To refuse this cookie, please follow the instructions below under the heading “How can I control cookies?”

Popup forms: The Snippet will allow a Member’s Site to deploy a Mailchimp cookie that recognizes whether an end user to that Member’s Site has previously viewed a popup form and ensures the same end user does not see the form again for a period of up to one year.
To refuse this cookie, please follow the instructions below under the heading “How can I control cookies?”
Landing Pages and Websites
If a Member elects to use the Mailchimp features known as “Landing Pages” or “Websites,” the use of either feature will permit cookies and tracking technologies to be deployed by the Member.
If a Member elects to build a Landing Page or Website, a javascript tag, also known as a JS tag, will be placed on their page.
This tag allows our Members to see the aggregate number of visitors to their Website or Landing Page.
In addition, the Member will see the aggregate number of clicks on any links included in their Website or Landing Page.
We provide this data to our Members in order to demonstrate how their Website or Landing Page has performed.
Members who create Landing Pages or Websites will have the option to set cookies on the device of any end user to those pages.
When a Member chooses to set cookies, Mailchimp installs the Snippet on that Member’s Landing Page or Website to facilitate the deployment of the cookie(s) selected by that Member.
The specific cookies, pixels, or other technologies that will be set on a Member’s Landing Page or Website depend on the particular add-ons or features that the Member chooses to use as part of the Service.
End users should review the relevant Member’s privacy notice and cookie disclosures for further information about the specific types of cookies and other tracking technologies used on any Landing Page or Website.
These optional add-ons and features include:

Track with Mailchimp: Our Track with Mailchimp feature allows Members to track unique visits by deploying cookies on a Member’s Landing Page or Website.
Track with Mailchimp calculates the conversion rate by comparing the number of unique visits to the number of end users who subscribe.
On Websites, Track with Mailchimp allows Members to track page view events and link click data of their Contacts by retrieving page views and link clicks from a Contact’s local storage

Facebook Pixel: Our Facebook Pixel feature allows our Members to track page views and create more targeting Facebook ads.
When a Member elects to use this feature, Mailchimp installs a Facebook tracking pixel on that Member’s Landing Page or Website through the Snippet.
The Snippet may also allow that Member’s Landing Page or Website to set a Mailchimp cookie that will recognize end users on Facebook via the Facebook ads feature.
These tracking technologies facilitate the placement of advertising campaigns on the Facebook platform and enable Mailchimp to provide reporting to our Members about the performance of these advertising campaigns.
Facebook does not provide an opt-out link for its cookies.
For more information about Facebook cookies, please click here: https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/.
To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading “How can I control cookies?”

Google Analytics: Our Google Analytics feature allows our Members to connect their Google Analytics Account to better understand their end users.
When a Member elects to use this feature, Mailchimp installs a Google tracking pixel on that Member’s Site through the Snippet.
 How can I control cookies? You have the right to decide whether to accept or reject cookies.

Website Cookie Preference Tool: You can exercise preferences about what cookies are served on our Mailchimp Sites by visiting our cookie settings preference center, available here: Privacy Settings.
You can also exercise your Mailchimp Site cookie preferences by visiting the TRUSTe preference center by clicking this link: http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/.

Browser Controls: You can set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies.
If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our Mailchimp Sites though your access to some functionality and areas of our Mailchimp Sites may be restricted.
As the means by which you can refuse cookies through your web browser controls vary from browser-to-browser, you should visit your browser’s help menu for more information.

Disabling Most Interest Based Advertising: Most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of Interest Based Advertising.
If you would like to find out more information, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or http://www.youronlinechoices.com.

Mobile Advertising: You can opt out of having your mobile advertising identifiers used for certain types of Interest Based Advertising, including those performed by us, by accessing the settings in your Apple or Android mobile device and following the most recent published instructions.
If you opt out, we will remove all data about you and no further data collection or tracking will occur.
The random ID we (or our third-party partners) had previously assigned to you will also be removed.
This means that if at a later stage, you decide to opt-in, we will not be able to continue and track you using the same ID as before, and you will for all practical purposes be a new end user to our system.

Do Not Track: Some Internet browsers - like Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Safari - include the ability to transmit “Do Not Track” or “DNT” signals.
Since uniform standards for “DNT” signals have not been adopted, our Mailchimp Sites, Connected Sites, Landing Pages, and Websites do not currently process or respond to “DNT” signals.
Mailchimp takes privacy and meaningful choice seriously and will make efforts to continue to monitor developments around DNT browser technology and the implementation of a standard.
To learn more about “DNT”, please visit All About Do Not Track. How often will you update this Cookie Statement? We may update this Cookie Statement from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to the cookies we use or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
Please therefore re-visit this Cookie Statement regularly to stay informed about our use of cookies and related technologies.
The date at the bottom of this Cookie Statement indicates when it was last updated. Where can I get further information? If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other technologies, please email us at privacy@mailchimp.com.

Updated November 5, 2020

