
         MAP LLC5600 NW 72nd Ave #669439 Miami, FL 33166 Male Alpha Performance - Terms &amp.
ConditionsCustomer Service: Email Us 24/7 at contact@mappill.com, we respond with frequently asked questions immediately and live operator response within 8-12 business hours.

Customer Service Phone: (833) 260-5881.
Support Hours: Monday - Friday 9:00am - 5:00pm.
By using, accessing or ordering products from this Website, you hereby agree to all of the following terms.Acceptance of AgreementYour access to and use of our website (the 'Site') is subject to the following terms and conditions which may be updated by us from time to time without notice to you.
You may review the most current version of the terms and conditions at any time by visiting the following website link here: as well as the Site's posted privacy policy found here: .By accessing and browsing the Site, you accept and agree to, without limitation or qualification, the terms and conditions, privacy policy, and acknowledge that any other agreements between you are superseded and of no force or effect with respect to your access and use of the Site.Shipping of Product(s)Your order will be processed and shipped with USPS within about 1 business day.
Shipping time is estimated to be four (4) business days from when your order ships out.
If you feel you are experiencing any delay in the delivery of your product, you may contact our customer care department at (833) 260-5881.Shipping and Handling FeeShipping and handling fees are non refundable.Returns and RefundsWe will credit one returned unopened product per customer if the received package is post marked within 32 days of the original order date and included with a RMA number obtained from customer service.
Refunds will be issued to customer credit card within 3 business days.
No returns are credited after 32 days of the original order date.
Any merchandise must be returned at the customer's expense and must have an RMA number marked on it.
No returns are credited if they are not accompanied by an RMA number.
No refunds will be issued for any used product.
You may request an RMA and instructions on how to submit a return by emailing contact@mappill.com or calling (833) 260-5881.

Please send all returns to: PO Box 13507 Van Nuys Blvd #4910 Pacoima, CA 91333-4909 Did Not Receive and/or Lost PackageAll products are expected to arrive to the shipping address originally typed into the web form on the product webpage you ordered from within 2-4 business days after it ships.
Packages will ship out within 1 business day from the day you place your order.
For orders placed on a weekend date, packages will ship out the following Monday, assuming it is not a major holiday.
If for some reason you do not receive the product after five (5) business days of ordering it is recommended to contact customer support by email at contact@mappill.com.
All orders are shipped with delivery confirmation, if the order is shown as delivered we are to believe it has been delivered unless you call to state otherwise.
There will be no refunds for product claimed to be undelivered and the package is shown as delivered with delivery confirmation obtained via the US Postal Service.
There may be times when shipments are delayed a few extra days.Terms of SaleBy placing your order(s) of Male Alpha Performance you will be charged the total price of $ today and your product will be shipped immediately.
Orders are processed and shipped with USPS within about 1 business day.
In addition to being charged $ today, you will also be enrolled in our Monthly Membership Program, see 'Terms of Monthly Membership' below:Terms of Monthly MembershipBy placing your order(s) of Male Alpha Performance, you will be charged the total price of $ today, and you will be enrolled in the monthly membership program.
You have 17 days to try the product and see if it is right for you.
Your card will be charged the monthly membership price of $ on day 17 if you have not cancelled, and are still enrolled in the membership program.
As a member, you will be will be shipped a new product every 32 days at the retail cost of $.Cancellation PolicyYou understand that you are subscribing to a monthly shipment program in which you will receive a new shipment of product every 32 days at the retail price of $ unless the ongoing shipment portion of this agreement is cancelled.
You also understand that you can cancel your ongoing shipment of Male Alpha Performance at any time after the initial purchase to avoid being charged for the next month's subscription fee of $ by calling (833) 260-5881, Monday - Friday 9:00am - 5:00pm, or by emailing us at contact@mappill.com. Modifications to ServicesWe reserve the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Services (or any part thereof) with or without notice.
You agree that we shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Services.Agreement To Arbitrate.
Class Action WaiverAny dispute or claim relating in any way to this agreement shall be resolved by binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association in accord with its Commercial Arbitration Rules (visit www.adr.org or call 800-778-7879).
The arbitrator shall have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability, or formation of this agreement.
The arbitrator shall not conduct arbitration as a class or representative action.
The customer acknowledge that this agreement is a transaction in interstate commerce governed by the Federal Arbitration Act.
The customer agrees to waive any right to pursue any dispute relating to this agreement in any class, private attorney general, or other representative action.No Medical AdviceThe Site does not provide medical advice and is not engaged in rendering medical or professional services or advice, and the information provided on the Site is not intended to replace medical advice offered by a health care provider.
We strongly recommend that you promptly consult a physician or professional health care provider prior to use of any product.
Neither the product nor the ingredients in the product have been approved or endorsed by the FDA or any regulatory agency for treatment of obesity or to cause weight loss.
Product InformationThe products advertised on this site have not been approved or cleared by a government regulatory body.
You should not construe anything on the Site as a promotion or solicitation for any product or service or for the use of any product or service that is not authorized by the laws and regulations of the country where you are located, including the United States.Exclusion of WarrantyWhile we use reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information in the Site, we no warranties or representations as to its accuracy.
We assume no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the Site.
Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Site is provided to you 'AS IS' WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you.
Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties.User SubmissionsAny 'personally identifiable information' in electronic communications to the Site is governed by the Site's Privacy Policy which is posted on the site.Links From Other SitesWe have not reviewed all of the sites linked to this Site and are not responsible for the content of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to the Site.
We do not take any responsibility for any information or claims that were made by other websites and encourage you to alert us if a website is making false claims and linking to our site or product at contact@mappill.comGoverning LawThis agreement and its performance shall be governed by the laws of the state of , United States of America, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.
You consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in , in all questions and controversies arising out of your use of the Site and this Agreement.
To the extent allowed by applicable law, any claim or cause of action arising from or relating to your access or use of the Site must be brought within two (2) years from the date on which such claim or action arose or accrued.
Product sold by MAP LLC.
