
         Disclaimer
No warranties, either express or implied, are hereby given for anything provided by Manjaro Linux (“Software”).
All software is supplied without any accompanying guarantee, whether expressly mentioned, implied or tacitly assumed.
This information does not include any guarantees regarding quality, does not describe any fair marketable quality, and does not make any claims as to quality guarantees or guarantees regarding the suitability for a special purpose.
The user assumes all responsibility for damages resulting from the use of the software.
Free Software and Manjaro Linux
Manjaro develops free software.
All our tools (Pamac, MSM, Manjaro-Tools) are and will always be free software.
Manjaro Linux is part of OIN since March 2014.
The current license can be viewed here.
Additional information about packages covered by this license can be viewed here.
It is not our goal to make Manjaro a distro free of proprietary software, like Trisquel or gNewSense.
While you can use Manjaro without non-free software, our repositories also contain non-free software you can install.
So, while it will always be possible to have a Manjaro with free software only, we will ship any software we can as long as our users ask for it and our packagers are willing to prepare it for them.
If you want to check the license of a package, you can do so with Pacman.
Also, check if there is a folder called /usr/share/licenses/ in your system.
if so, it should contain license information for that package.
Our live media give you the choice to boot with free or non-free drivers, so you can check before installing which one you want to use.
Acknowledgements
We would like to thank everyone who has enabled us to create Manjaro and/or contributed to it.
These are specifically:

The Arch Linux developers and community, for creating the perfect™ distribution.
The Pacman developers, for creating the fraggin` best package manager in the known universe.
The XFCE Project, for their lightweight desktop environment we use as default.
The KDE Project, for creating the most powerful desktop environment on planet earth.
The Gnome Project, for another great desktop environment.
All people providing download and package mirrors.
Without you we wouldn’t be here.
All testers who took the mission to test our stuff with patience.
All people actually reading documentation

Trademarks
Manjaro Linux uses several trademarks from different projects.
Their rights are not overruled by our license and stay intact.

Manjaro Linux, copyright © 2011-2018 Philip Müller and the Manjaro Developers
Manjaro Linux, copyright © 2019-2020 Manjaro GmbH &amp.
Co.
KG
Manjaro® name and logo are registered trademarks of Manjaro GmbH &amp.
Co.
KG.
Some rights reserved.
The Manjaro Community is licensed to use the trademark with given terms.
Arch Linux, copyright © 2002-2020 Judd Vinet and Aaron Griffin
GNOME is licensed under the GNOME Foundation’s License Agreement
KDE® and the K Desktop Environment® logo are registered trademarks of KDE e.V.
The registered trademark Linux® is used pursuant to a sublicense from LMI, the exclusive licensee of Linus Torvalds, owner of the mark on a world-wide basis.

All other trademarks and copyrights are property of their respective owners and are only mentioned for informative purposes.
Legal website operator identification
Company: Manjaro GmbH &amp.
Co.
KG
Street: Adalbert-Stifter-Str.
21a
City: Grafing b.
München
State/Province: Bavaria
Postal Code: 85567
Country: Germany
Company Type: limited partnership with a limited liability company as general partner
Commercial register: Registering Court Munich.
HRA 111192
Liable associate: Manjaro Verwaltungs-GmbH, Registering Court Munich.
HRB 250879
Managing board: Philip Müller &amp.
Bernhard Landauer
Email: Direct contact
Tel: +49 8092 33090 94
VAT-Id.: DE 326352217
Web Presence
Concept: Manjaro GmbH &amp.
Co.
KG, Contact: Philip Müller
Design &amp.
Programming: Vitor Lopes &amp.
Web-Team
Email: Direct contact
Responsible for the contents as per § 55 of the RStV (Interstate Broadcasting Agreement)
Name: Philip Müller
Company: Manjaro GmbH &amp.
Co.
KG
Street: Adalbert-Stifter-Str.
21a
City: Grafing b.
München
State/Province: Bavaria
Postal Code: 85567
Country: Germany
Email: Direct contact
Tel: +49 8092 33090 96
Informationen to Dispute resolution
The EU Commission provides on its website the following link to the ODR platform.
This platform shall be a point of entry for out-of-court resolutions of disputes arising from online sales and service contracts concluded between consumers and traders.
Manjaro is neither obliged nor prepared to attend a dispute settlement procedure before an alternative dispute resolution entity.
Under the Hood
This site is powered by:
Hugo
MediaWiki
Gitlab
Discourse
Mailman
