
We, the developers of the Manyverse app as listed by this file are committed to not collecting any user data nor metadata generated by users via the Manyverse app.
We do not deploy in the app any data collection mechanism such as analytics, telemetry, cookies, trackers, and others.
We simply do not have access to user data, unless given to us willingly by the users, such as via bug reports or crash reports.
Bug reports by email
If you, the user, choose to send bug reports or crash reports via the "Email bug report" button in the app or via the Crash report popup, you will do so by sending us an email.
We will store your feedback, which includes: your email address, your device's model, your device's operating system version.
The bug or crash report is stored privately in GitLab and only the app developers have access to it, see also GitLab's Privacy Policy.
By including your email address, you give us permission to contact you regarding your feedback or crash report.
We will not share your email address with anyone else, or contact you for any other purpose.
Any information you send will be used solely for the purpose of improving the app.
Online checks with third-party services
Manyverse utilizes the Cloudflare/APNIC DNS service called 1.1.1.1 specifically only for detecting whether the app has internet access or not.
Read their privacy policy for more details.
In the event that Cloudflare services are unavailable, Manyverse will make an HTTP request to wikipedia.org (owned by the Wikimedia Foundation) for the purpose of verifying that the user has internet access.
Read their privacy policy for more details.
In the event that Wikipedia web services are unavailable, Manyverse will make an HTTP request to ietf.org (owned by the Internet Engineering Task Force) for the purpose of verifying that the user has internet access.
In the event that IETF web services are unavailable, Manyverse will assume the user has no internet access, and will not make requests to any other third-party web services.

The source code for these online checks is readable here.
Misc
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please email the lead developer Andre Medeiros at contact@staltz.com
