
         Terms &amp.
Conditions 
Who are we? 💙

We're Digital-First Retail Limited (company number 11441187), a registered company in England and Wales, based at First Floor, Unit 5, Century Point, Halifax Road, High Wycombe, Bucks, HP12 3SL.
Our UK VAT number is GB 303179233.
When you browse our website and shop online these terms apply.
You should read this document along with our Privacy Policy.
These terms apply when you shop with us (or access our services and websites (our “Websites”)).
You can also find out more on our Help Centre (which also form part of these terms).
We keep these terms and Help Centre updated and we amend them every so often.It is important to check back in before you shop, as the latest set will apply.

You ✌

To legally place an order on Maplin you need to:



Be 16 years +
Own a credit/debit card which we accept or be authorised to use one


How to contact us

We're a tech company so we like to talk on:

Support Contact: here
Instagram: @maplinelectronics
Twitter: @maplintweet
Facebook: @Maplin

We're open Monday-Friday 9am-6pm.
If we need to reach out to you we'll get in contact through email, phone or your home address, so please let us know if any of these details change!

Placing an order with us 📦

When you place an order, you'll receive an acknowledgement e-mail confirming that we've received it.
We then carry out our standard pre-authorisation fraud and available funds checks to make sure we're happy to move ahead.
We will only accept your order once payment has been approved and we have debited your account.
We accept American Express, Connect, Eurocard, Mastercard, Visa, Maestro, Solo credit/debit cards and Paypal.

If you wish to cancel your order you'll have a limited time to do so, so please reach as soon as possible via the support portal.
If we have a problem with your order, we'll get in contact through the details you've provided.
If you've ordered more than one product there's a chance that your order will be sent from multiple suppliers.
If this applies to your order, you'll receive a notification in your despatch confirmation email and your parcels will arrive across a number of different shipments.
All orders are subject to availability.
Occasionally, we may need to refuse or cancel an order if an item is out of stock, discontinued or we believe there may be something wrong with the your account.
If you think we've made a mistake, please reach out to us on any of the contact details mentioned above ☝
We reserve the right to suspend all future deliveries to a particular customer account or address in the event that any of these Terms &amp.
Conditions are breached.

Pricing &amp.
Descriptions 💸

All prices are in pound sterling and inc VAT (where applicable).
Everyone's human at the Maplin head office (there aren't any robots here yet…), so occasionally we may find that a price, product description or promo has been posted incorrectly.
If we find an error in your order we'll get in contact as soon as possible and give you the option of reordering at the correct price or cancelling.
If you opt to cancel we will refund you in full.
Discount codes cannot be stacked or applied to products already on sale or on offer.
Depending on the value of your order or where you live, delivery costs may be charged.
This will be added to your order when you proceed through checkout.
We like to treat our customers to the best promotions out there, so occasionally you'll receive discount codes which will drop the price of the products you are looking to buy.
It's down to you to remember to add the discount code at checkout and each code will have specific Ts&Cs which will be highlighted in the email or social media post you receive.

If we notice misuse of any discount code, we reserve the right to refuse or cancel the order(s) in question.

Delivery 🚛

Delivery is free for orders over £20 to the UK, excluding the Highlands and Northern Ireland.
Before completing your order, you'll have various delivery options to choose from with estimated delivery time and dates depending on the delivery address, and items.
We work really hard to try to meet all delivery times.
however, sometimes there may be delays out of our control – such as bad weather or postal/courier delays.
We will keep you updated as much as we can so you can track your order's progress.
You can find more info on our Delivery Page.
We have a limited window to query deliveries.
If you experience any issues with your delivery, please let us know within 5 days of the delivery date or date which your order should have been delivered.
We are unable to accept delivery queries raised after the above time-frame.

We'll always do our best to help you.

Returns &amp.
Refunds 💷

Check out our returns and refunds policy here.
You have 30 days to return an item from when it's delivered for a full refund.
Make sure you return your order with a tracked delivery service to avoid any issues! If you'd like to return your order, contact us and our support team will help out.
 Returns cannot be accepted if the goods have been torn, damaged or tampered with.
We ask you to take care of the goods you purchase while they are in your possession.
This means that you may inspect the goods, but the original packaging should be retained, and the product should be in pristine or as new condition.
If your order develops a fault after 30 days, you will be entitled to a manufacturer warranty repair.

Don't ruin the fun for everyone! 👮

It goes without saying that you shouldn't misuse or tamper with our website and services or steal our customers' data.
Doing any of these things may be a criminal offence and Maplin will report any such activity to relevant law enforcement authorities.
We recommend using virus protection software when browsing the web.
Although we have a dedicated team who are constantly monitoring this stuff, we cannot guarantee that it will always be bug free 🐛.

Intellectual property, software &amp.
content 👀

Digital-First Retail Limited owns or has permission to use the intellectual property rights on our website, blogs and content.
Which means you are not allowed to use the Maplin logo, any Maplin brand/trademark, our website or content without our express permission.

It's fine to promote Maplin.co.uk if you have written permission from Maplin HQ, the content is fair and legal and doesn't ruin our reputation.
Please do not link Maplin to any form of endorsement if no arrangement exists.

Feedback - good or bad! ✅ ❌

If you simply need us to explain anything mentioned above or you're unhappy with the service we've provided please reach out via the suppport portal.

From time to time things can go wrong and if our support team are unable to resolve your issue, you may wish to make a complaint to: 
The Retail ADAR (www.retailadr.org.uk): 
Post: The Retail ADAR,12-14 Walker Avenue, Stratford Office Village, Wolverton Mill, Milton Keynes, MK12 5TW (Tel: +44 20 3540 8063)
The EU Online Dispute Resolution platform: www.ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr 
Email: Enquiries@cdrl.org.uk

Maplin Liabilities

 We accept liability for death and personal injury arising from our negligence.
If Maplin fail to comply to these Terms &amp.
Conditions, we are responsible for loss or damage you suffer as a foreseeable result of us breaching this contract.
Loss or damage is foreseeable if it is obvious that it will happen or if, at the time the contract is made, both you and Maplin knew it might happen, for example, if you discussed it with us during the sales process.
We will only be liable for loss or damage up to the total value of goods purchased.

 We are not responsible for losses not caused by our breach or negligence, indirect losses which are a side effect of the main loss or damage and which are not reasonably foreseeable by you and us for example loss of profits or reputation.
We are also not responsible for the failure of goods if they occur from events beyond our reasonable control.
Please read the instructions, manuals and other user documentation that comes with your products carefully.
We recommend that you use all products safely and in accordance with the manufacturer’s guidelines.

General

We have the right to amend, remove or vary our services and/or any part of the Website (including our Ts&Cs) at any time.
These terms and our dealings with you are subject to English law and the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
All notices shall be given to us, by email or by post to our addresses provided above.
All notices sent by email will be deemed to have been received on the day that they are sent or, if sent on a national holiday in England or on a Saturday or Sunday, the next working day following the day on which the email was sent.
All notices sent by post will be deemed to have been received 3 working days after the date of posting.
