
         Privacy Policy 
Our promises 

We are Digital-First Retail Limited ("we", "our", "us") and operate under the name of Maplin.

We're 100% committed to keeping your data safe and secure.
Our Maplin team are avid online shoppers, so we totally appreciate and respect how important privacy is.
If you have any worries about your personal information feel free to reach out through online chat or email help@maplin.co.uk, we'd be happy to answer any questions you have!

Why we need your information 

There may be times when you give us 'sensitive' information and we protect this data like it's our own.
We only ask for the essentials and we use your data to provide you the best service possible.
The table below shows why we need this information: Your Details Why? Name, Address &amp.
Phone Number

Order Updates
Delivery
Fraud Prevention
After Sales Support

Date of Birth &amp.
Gender
Fraud Prevention
Payment Information

Payment
Refunds
Fraud Prevention

Purchase History &amp.
Saved Items

Refunds
After Sales Support
Personalise your shopping experience
Recommend products we think you'd like

IP Address &amp.
Device Type

Fraud Prevention
Website and service improvments
Personalise your shopping experience



Who we share your information with 

Your trust means everything to us, so we will only share your personal data with a selection of our most trusted partners.
These companies include:



 Search Engines and Analytics providers
 Affiliate Partners
 Fulfilment Partners
 Digital-First Retail Group Companies and Partners
 Anyone who you give us permission to share your info with

 We partner with selected third-party vendors, such as Google Analytics, and others, to allow tracking technologies and remarketing services on the Site through the use of first party cookies and third-party cookies, to, among other things, analyse and track users’ use of the Site, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity.
By accessing the Site, you consent to the collection and use of your information by these third-party vendors.
You are encouraged to review their privacy policy and contact them directly for responses to your questions.
We do not transfer personal information to these third-party vendors.
However, if you do not want any information to be collected and used by tracking technologies, you can visit the third-party vendor or the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out Tool or Digital Advertising Alliance Opt-Out Tool.

For the purpose of:



 Website Performance Analytics
 Processing your orders - payment providers &amp.
couriers
 Customer support - online chat, reviews &amp.
installation suppliers
 Tackling fraud - cyber security &amp.
law enforcement agencies
 Website hosts &amp.
maintenance

 We would like to specifically draw your attension to the fact that we share certain personal information with third parties who help us to detect and prevent fraudulent transactions.
The information we share with those third parties includes some of the information that you share with us (such as, your contact details and information about the transaction), and some of the information from your online interactions (such as the IP address of your device).
That information is used to determine whether a transaction could be fraudulent.
The third party we currently use to help us detect and prevent fraudulent transactions is a company called Signifyd.
they are responsible for their use of your personal information and will use it for the purposes set out in their privacy policy (https://www.signifyd.com/privacy/).

 Finally, we'll also share your information to comply with the law, to enforce our Terms and Conditions and protect the rights, property and safety of the Maplin team, our customers and others.


How long we hold onto your data for 

We'll only keep your information on file for as long as you are a customer.
If you haven't logged onto our website for three years we will delete your information from our systems.
If you no longer wish to be a customer, you can also contact our support team and request to delete all the information we have on you.
In some circumstances, like cases of anti-money laundering or fraud, we may keep data longer if we need to or the law says we have to.


Marketing 

If you have opted in to our marketing messages you'll receive updates by email and text on product launches and promotions.

No longer want to receive updates from us? No problem, you can stop our marketing by signing into your account on our website and clicking 'Your Details' and 'No, don't sign me up'.
Alternatively email our support team at help@maplin.co.uk and we'll update your preferences.

Please bare in mind that Maplin has many inter-connecting services so it may take a few days for our systems to update.
Also stopping marketing messages will not stop order related updates.

Your rights 

You have a right to:



 Access the personal data we hold about you
 Be informed about how your personal data is being used
 Update incorrect data we have on file
 Request to delete your information on file
 Stop all direct marketing communication
 Complain to your data protection regulator (ICO)


Feedback - good or bad! ✔✖

If you simply need us to explain anything mentioned above or you're concerned about your personal data please reach out to us by email help@maplin.co.uk.


Changes to this policy 

We'll post any changes we make to our privacy notice on this page and if they're significant changes we'll post it on the Maplin website and let you know by email.
