
         Skip to content  Mason Bee  Menu 
Archive
Maelwryth
SRD v3.5
World Map


Squalid Heights


Studies
Algorithms
French
HTML &amp.
CSS
Java


Thoughts
Ideas
IPNZ
Benjamin Cooney
Daymond Goulder-Horobin
Fred Look
Jo Booth
Suzie Dawson


Politics


Travels
Appenzell
Coromandel
Pyrenees
Stevenson Trail
Te Araroa


Kubuntu 20.04
Internet
Multimedia
Other
Settings




Privacy PolicyThe privacy policy states what information the website collects about you, why it is collected, and how it is used.
We collect personal information from you, including information about your:

Name (if you so choose)
Contact information (if you so choose)
Interactions with us
IP address (Obscured*), browser, and other connection data held in our logs

We collect your personal information in order to:

Facilitate Mason Bee Limited and its projects

Besides our staff, we share this information with:

Nobody, although some of it could possibly be viewed by our hosting, security or mail provider.

Providing some information is optional.
If you choose not to enter true information, we may be unable to provide some services such as sending email, etc….Further information on the privacy policyYour nameOn some forms such as on a comment form you may be asked your name.
There is no requirement to give your real name.Contact informationCurrently the only places where you will asked for contact information are in comments.
Although you are under no obligation to provide a valid email on either of those pages we will be unable to reply to your contact without one.Interactions with usWhen you interact with us there are cookies placed on your computer that either enable the interaction, secure the interaction or help secure the site.
Other data is automatically gathered by the server hosting the site to enable the interaction such as,

The time of your visit
Pages visited
Bandwidth used
What country you visited from
Your IP address
Duration of visit
Operating system
Browser
Page origin of visit

This data is gathered as part of the normal process of serving the site to you.
We don’t share it.
It is also viewable by our hosting company though, as part of their business and our server management as part of theirs.Facilitating Mason Bee Limited servicesThe data collected and methods are used to facilitate Mason Bee Limited services.
This facilitation falls into a couple of areas.
Using the website,

Cookies
IP Address (Obscured*)
Browser
Email addresses

Securing the website,

Cookies

Monitoring and improving the website,

The time of your visit
Pages visited
Bandwidth used
What country you visited from
Your IP address (Obscured*)
Duration of visit
Operating system
Browser
Page origin of visit
Email addresses

You have the right to ask for a copy of any personal information we hold about you, and to ask for it to be corrected if you think it is wrong.
If you’d like to ask for a copy of your information, or to have it corrected or deleted, please contact us in the comments below.
*We use WP-Statistics in WordPress with IP Address’s anonymised and stored as a hash so they can’t be used.
However, when leaving a comment WordPress automatically collects the IP address.
Until this is corrected the best option is to use TOR to anonymise your IP Address.Leave a comment Cancel reply
CommentName Email Website Display a Gravatar image next to my comments.

Most popular
m2070w – Connecting to WiFi


Add local folder to Nextcloud Snap as External Storage


Updating KDE Neon


Simple Samba file sharing set-up for Kubuntu 20.04


Who is Suzie Dawson? Exile or Fraud.


Samba file sharing setup


Black screen with blinking cursor on boot after installation


Free VPN with OpenVPN, KDE Neon and ProtonVPN setup


Ecole 42 Paris – A debrief


Disable AnyDesk from starting up in KDE Neon


Rclone




























 Disclaimer | Privacy Policy
© Mason Bee Limited 2020 &nbsp.

      