
         MatchSeniors Privacy Policy  Effective Date: July 1st, 2020 
 MatchSeniors is a property of Conversion Squared Corporation (Conversion Squared).
Your services are provided by Conversion Squared, who act as a data controller for your information.

 Conversion Squared values our users' privacy and protection of your data, and we build our services and operate our business with this in mind.
We maintain the confidentiality of your information using security technologies and adhere to policies that prevent unauthorized use of your personal information.
This privacy policy may be modified in the future, and any updates will be posted on our website.

 Our website and services are not intended for anyone under 18 years of age.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under 18 years of age.
If you are under 18, do not use or provide any information on this website or on or through any of its features/register on the website, do not use any of the interactive or public features of this website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use.
If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 18 years of age, we will delete that information.
If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 18 years of age, please contact us at request@conversionsquared.com  What information do we collect?  Certain parts of our services may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily.
for example, we may you to provide your contact details, gender, type of person you may wish to connect with, area you live in and other information.

 Some of the information that you provide may include sensitive personal information, such as race or ethnicity or sexual preferences (such as whether you are looking for a male or female to connect with).

 Types of personal information we collect from you voluntarily may include: 

E-mail address
First Name or Usernames
Date of Birth or Age
Gender
Sexual Preferences
Ethnicity
Location
Income



 Other identifiers may include: 

Device Information (e.g.
device model, operating system version, device date/time, unique mobile identifiers, mobile network information, IP address)
Referrer information
Geo-location, including IP addresses or longitude/latitude coordinates provided by your web browser.


 How do we collect your information?  You directly provide Conversion Squared with most of the data we collect.
We collect and process data when you: 

Register online for any of our products or services



 Our company may also receive additional identifiers indirectly via your browser.
 What do we need this information for?  E-mail addresses, usernames, date of birth/age, gender, sexual preferences, ethnicity, income, and location information are used at the beginning of our account setup process and are shared with our third-party clients to determine which of these clients’ services best suit you.
This processing is necessary for the provision of our service, which is essential for the legitimate interests of our business.

 In addition to the information we collect directly from you, we also monitor and track usage of our website, viewing and traffic patterns, customer behavior, and other similar information.
We use this information to improve our website, our product and service offerings, our operations, and our customer service.
We may also use your personal information from time to time to send you special offers, new products, services, promotions, and other similar information should you opt-in to receive these materials.

 The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, to notify consumers about updates to our Website, to contact consumers for marketing purposes, to share or sell to other reputable organizations to help them reach consumers for marketing purposes.
 How do we store your data?  Conversion Squared uses industry-standard encryption technologies when sending and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site.
We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
 How long will we keep your personal information?  We will keep your personal information for no longer than necessary.
The length of time we retain this information will depend on any legal obligations we have, the nature of the personal data shared, or our legitimate interests as a business.

 When we have no ongoing legitimate business need for processing your personal information, this information will be either deleted or anonymized.

 Please contact us using the information in the “How to contact us” section if you required additional details on the specific retention period for your personal data.
 This is who we share your personal information with
 We work with 3rd parties to help with many things, including sharing information with you, helping us support you, preventing fraud, protecting our infrastructure, and providing a better experience for you.
We are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data to comply with any legal or regulatory obligation or request.
This means we may, on occasion, need to share personal information about our users with law enforcement bodies, regulators, government agencies, or courts.
We may also, on occasion, disclose information to those third parties or other third parties to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights and/or to protect the safety of our other users.

 We may disclose your personal information to any actual or potential buyer (and its agents and advisers) in connection with an actual or proposed purchase, merger, or acquisition of any part of our business.
If the ownership of our business changes, we may transfer your information to the new owner so they can continue to operate ConversionSquared or it’s properties and provide services.

 Some of our advertising partners may deploy their own tracking or cookies not administered by us.
These technologies are subject to our advertisers’ Privacy Policies.

 Below is a list of the key third parties we work with.
We may work with third parties not listed below or stop working with the third parties listed below.


Google Analytics
Gmail
Hotjar
IPQualityScore
Kochava
Match
Match Affinity Group
Mate1 Social Enterprises Inc
McAfee
Meetic
Optimizely
RSVP
Spark Networks
The Dating Company LLC
VWO
 If you would like more information about third parties that we work with, further details may be provided on request.

 Marketing &amp.
Internet Advertising  From time to time, we make the e-mail addresses of those who access our site available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting.
If you do not want us to share your e-mail address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by writing to us at the above address or sending us an email message to request@conversionsquared.com.
Please include your email address and the words "opt-out" in the subject or content field so that we can process your request promptly.
We do provide aggregate information about site usage and traffic patterns, stripped of any individual identification, to third parties to comply with various reporting obligations and for business or marketing purposes.

 The Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) has also made available for consumers tools on which you can register your choices not to be tracked by participating advertising networks or companies in the collection and use of your online activities.
These are (1) The DAA Consumer Choice Page for Mobile Web (at https://www.aboutads.info/choices/ ) and (2) DAA AppChoices (at https://www.aboutads.info/appchoices), which is a mobile app that allows you to opt-out of the collection and use of cross-app data, other than for permitted purposes, by listed third-party AppChoices participants.

 You can also prevent your receipt of interest-based ads on websites by deleting and declining cookies in your browser(s).
Note that your opt-out choice is applied only to the browser from which you make the choice.

 Some newer mobile device operating systems allow you to limit the use of information to deliver interest-based advertising in mobile applications, or your mobile web browser may provide a “Do Not Track” browser setting which will notify those ad servers and networks who recognize the signals to refrain from sending you interest based ads to your mobile device.
You can check the settings on your device for such options in your device’s operating system.
Alternatively, you may wish to download the TrustE mobile application and/or the Digital Alliance “App Choices” mobile application and follow the instructions provided.
 International Data Transfers  Your personal information may be transferred to and processed in countries other than the country in which you are resident.
These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country.

 Specifically, our website servers are located in the USA, and our group companies and third-party service providers and partners operate around the world.
This means that when we collect your personal information, we may process it in any of these countries.

 However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Notice.

 We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third-party service providers and partners, and further details can be provided upon request.
 Keeping your information secure  Information you provide to us is stored on servers owned and operated by Amazon Web Services, Inc.
More details about this provider are available at https://aws.amazon.com.
We use many best-practice security measures to keep this data safe, including private networking, firewalling, role-based access controls, authentication, backups, and monitoring.
When your data is moved off of our servers for any reason, we leverage the best means available to us to make sure your data is secure in transit.
 What are your data protection rights (EEA)?  ConversionSquared would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights.
Every user is entitled to the following: 
 The right to access: You have the right to request our company for copies of your personal data.
We may charge you a small fee for this service.

 The right to rectification: You have the right to request that our company corrects any information that you believe may be inaccurate.
You also have the right to request our company to complete the information you believe is incomplete.

 The right to erasure: You have the right to request that our company erase your personal data, under certain conditions.

 The right to restrict processing: You have the right to object to our company’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.

 The right to data portability: You have the right to request that our company transfer the data we have collected to another organization or directly by you, under certain conditions.

 If you make a request, we have 30 days to respond to you.
We may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity or to exercise any of your other rights.
This is a security measure to ensure that your personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.

 If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at the link below: https://privacyportal-cdn.onetrust.com/dsarwebform/e9d6bf36-ae33-444b-a38e-d622d39ea5d5/1c41c1db-af67-49c5-b8a0-e0e3ddd135ac.html Or write to us at request@conversionsquared.com.
 Your California Privacy Rights  If you are a resident of the State of California and would like to know how your personal information is shared with third parties by us, what categories of personal information that we may have shared with third parties as well as the name of those third parties, please contact us at request@conversionsquared.com 
 Please be advised that where California residents opt-out from permitting their personal information to be shared, such individuals may still receive selected offers directly from us, in accordance with applicable law.

 Subject to certain exceptions, you have the right to make the following requests: 
 Right to Access: You have the right that we disclose to you what personally identifiable information we have collected about you over the past 12 months.
Once we receive and confirm the validity of your request, we will disclose to you: 
 The categories of personal information collected The specific pieces of personal information we collected from you The categories of third parties with whom we have disclosed or shared that personal information The categories of personal information that we have sold (if any) 
 Right to Delete: You have the right to request that we delete your personal information and direct any third parties we have provided your personal information to delete your personal information.
Once we receive and confirm your request, we will delete or anonymize your personal information in our records unless there are legitimate business interests in not doing so.

 You may make your requests by emailing our support team at request@conversionsquared.com or by filling a request form below here: https://privacyportal-cdn.onetrust.com/dsarwebform/e9d6bf36-ae33-444b-a38e-d622d39ea5d5/1c41c1db-af67-49c5-b8a0-e0e3ddd135ac.html 
 Please allow 30 days for a response.
For your protection, we may ask for proof of identity before we can answer any such requests.
 Cookies  Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer's hard drive by our computers or servers to identify your computer.
Cookies are only read by the server that placed them there and are unable to execute any code or virus.

 For further information, please visit aboutcookies.org or our own cookie policy to understand more about how we use cookies.
 Privacy Policies of Other Websites/Services  ConversionSquared websites contain links to other websites and services.
Our privacy policy applies only to our websites, so if you click on a link for another website, you should read their privacy policy.
 Changes to our Privacy Policy  Conversion Squared keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page.
 Miscellaneous  To the extent permitted by law, you agree not to bring, join or participate in any class action as to any claim, dispute, or controversy you may have against Conversion Squared or its employees, officers, directors, assignees, and servicers.
You agree to the entry of injunctive relief to stop such a lawsuit or to remove yourself as a participant in the suit.
This agreement is not a waiver of any of your rights and remedies to pursue a claim individually and not as a class action in binding arbitration as provided above.

 This agreement not to bring or participate in class action suits is an independent agreement and shall survive the end of your membership.
 How to contact us  If you have further questions or concerns regarding our privacy practices and our use of your personal data, please send an email to request@conversionsquared.com or contact us at our address here: 
 ConversionSquared Corporation ATTN: Data Protection Officer, 15851 Dallas Parkway, Suite 600 Addison, TX 75001

