
Mathigon Ltd (“Mathigon”, “we”, “us” or “our”) wants to provide the world’s best, personalised educational content for every student.
This is only possible by collecting and storing a certain amount of personal information.
This privacy policy applies to our website mathigon.org as well as our mobile applications for Android and iOS.
Please read this page carefully to understand how we use and process your data.
If you have questions or concerns regarding your privacy, please email support@mathigon.org or use our contact form.
By using Mathigon, you consent to the collection, storage, and processing of data as described below, as well as our Terms of Use.
Mathigon is a signatory of the Student Privacy Pledge.
We are committed to protecting the privacy of all users, and keeping your personal information secure.1.
What data do we collect?You can use most parts of Mathigon without creating an account or providing any personal information, but we may still collect some non-personal information.
Here is a summary of all the user data collected by Mathigon:

Personal Data
When you create a Mathigon account or communicate with us, we may ask you to provide a certain amount of personal information (e.g.
your name, email address, date of birth, country, language and profile picture).
If you sign in using a third-party service (Google, Facebook or Microsoft), we receive some of this data from your social media profile.
You can update your details on your Account Settings page.
When you link your account using a class code, we may receive some additional information from your parent or teacher (e.g.
the name of your school).

Knowledge, Ability and Work
As you use Mathigon, we collect information about your work and progress (e.g.
which problems you solve correctly and incorrectly).
We try to predict how well you understand different topics in Mathematics, and we store the questions you ask, hints you receive from the virtual personal tutor, and similar interactions.
We also collect information when you save or post content to Mathigon (e.g.
a Polypad canvas).

Browsing Analytics
Like most platforms, we collect some basic data about your browsing behaviour, whenever you visit our website or apps – even if you haven’t created an account.
This includes your IP address, approximate location, browser and device brand, duration of usage, which pages you visited, which links you clicked on, and what website you visited just before Mathigon (the “referrer”).
We never collect the precise geolocation of your device.
You may prevent the collection of some of this data using the browser or mobile device settings.
At this time, we are not able to respond to Do Not Track signals from your browser.

Email Analytics
When we send you an automated email (e.g.
a newsletter or a weekly progress update), we may track if you opened it, when and approximately where you opened it, what links you clicked on, and whether you forwarded it.
You can change your email preferences on your Account Settings page.

Contact Form and Communication
Users contacting us via email or our online form provide any personal details at their own risk.
Your information is kept private, stored securely, and deleted when no longer required (e.g.
when the question or query has been resolved).2.
What do we do with that data?At Mathigon, we take great care to protect your privacy and the information you provide to us.
We do not sell your personal information, we do not display targeted advertising, and we do not allow third parties to collect information about your browsing behavior from our website or mobile apps for advertising purposes.
Here is a summary of all the different ways in which we may use your personal information:

Personalisation
Using your data, we can personalise Mathigon whenever you visit, across multiple devices, for example, by remembering your progress, tailoring our content to your interests or abilities, or suggesting what to learn next.
Your account and user profile is not publicly visible on the internet.

Providing and Improving our Services
We will share user data with employees and with trusted third-party vendors or service providers, in order to operate, maintain and enhance our website and apps.
This includes refining our content and features, diagnosing technical or pedagogical problems, A/B testing new functionality, providing hosting and marketing, or improving the overall user experience.
All employees and third-parties are contractually obligated to maintain the security and confidentiality of any personal information.

Sharing with Teachers and Parents
If your Mathigon account is linked to a teacher or parent account, your teacher or parent will be able to see some of your profile information (e.g.
your name and email address) and activity on Mathigon (e.g.
your progress data, how often you visit and how much time you spend on Mathigon, which exercises you have answered, and how well you have mastered different topics).

Aggregated Analytics
We may use aggregated and/or non-personally-identifiable information for research, development, analytics, marketing, fundraising, or similar purposes.
In certain occasions, we may also share this data with third-parties, sponsors, or the general public, including for commercial purposes, as long as it is aggregated and/or anonymised to reasonably avoid the identification of a specific individual.

Newsletters and Communication
We may occasionally communicate with you regarding your account, or to respond to inquiries.
When creating an account, you can also sign up for our email newsletter.
We may email you to tell you about new features, content, partnerships or sponsored content, to send you summaries of your progress on Mathigon, or to ask you to participate in surveys and research studies.
You can unsubscribe at any time, using the link at the end of every email or on your Account Settings page.
Please note that you cannot opt-out of non-promotional messages regarding your account, such as account verification, password resets, or technical and security notices.
In order to provide or develop our service, we may share some of your data with third-party providers, including MongoDB Inc (database storage), Google Inc (hosting, analytics, emails), Stripe (payment processing), Sendgrid (email sending), Cloudflare (CND), Tribe (community forum), Akismet (spam detection), Spring (online shop) and others.
These third-party providers will use personal information only under reasonable confidentiality terms, in accordance with our instructions, and consistent with this Privacy Policy.
We may also share personally identifiable information with third parties in order to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request.
to (b) enforce applicable Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations thereof.
to (c) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations.
to (d) detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
to (e) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Mathigon, our users, or the public.
or (f) after we have received your explicit permission to do so.
In the event that Mathigon is involved in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, or change of control, your personal information may be transferred to a third party.
We will require the new owner to continue to honour the terms of this Privacy Policy, or give all users an opportunity to opt-out of the transfer by deleting their data.3.
Children AccountsMathigon does not permit students under the age of 13 (“Child Users”) to create an account without the consent of a parent, teacher or guardian.
Child Users who sign up without a class code provided by a parent or teacher will receive a restricted account.
The Child User is permitted to use Mathigon for seven days, while we seek consent from a parent or guardian, using the email address provided during sign-up.
If we do not receive consent within seven days, the restricted account is deleted, and all associated data is removed from our systems.
For users with restricted accounts, we do not collect personal information except for their date of birth, a username and password, and the email address of a parent or guardian.
We strongly recommend selecting a username which does not relate to or identify the real name of the Child.
All email communications (e.g.
password reset notifications) will be sent to the guardian.
Child Users can also sign up using a unique class code provided by a parent or teacher.
Teachers are responsible for gaining appropriate parental consent before providing their unique class code to Child Users, or linking Mathigon to a third-party service like Google Classroom.
In this case, we do not request additional consent from parents, and students will receive an unrestricted account.
Child Users have the option to upgrade their account to an unrestricted account once they reach the required age.4.
Security, Access and DeletionWe try to take all appropriate measures to protect your personal data against unauthorised access, loss, modification, or disclosure, including industry-standard encryption.
However, like all websites, there is always some risk that reasons like hardware or software failure, human error, or malicious intent might compromise the security of your data.
Mathigon cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you share with or transmit to Mathigon, and you do so at your own risk.
In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and will notify you of the security incident in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
On your account settings page, you can correct your personal information provided to us, download a copy of all the personal information we have about you, or delete your account.
Even after deleting your Mathigon account, some of your personal information may remain on our servers, such as in technical support logs, server caches, data backups, or email conversations.
These will be automatically deleted after a reasonable amount of time, unless we are legally required to retain information for longer, or if there is a legitimate business reason (e.g.
security and fraud prevention, or financial record-keeping).
We are not required to delete any information which has been aggregated or anonymised so that it can no longer be used to reasonably identify a particular individual.
Unless you request so at an earlier time, we will delete your account and user data if you haven’t logged in to Mathigon for more than four years.5.
Your RightsIn all the above cases in which we collect, use or store your Personal Data, you may have the following rights and, in most cases, you can exercise them free of charge.
These rights include:

The right to obtain information regarding the processing of your Personal Data and access to the Personal Data which we hold about you;
The right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data at any time.
Please note, however, that we may still be entitled to process your Personal Data if we have another legitimate reason for doing so.
For example, we may need to retain Personal Data to comply with a legal obligation;
In some circumstances, the right to receive some Personal Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and/or request that we transmit such data to a third party where this is technically feasible.
Please note that this right only applies to Personal Data which you have provided directly to Mathigon;
The right to request that we rectify your Personal Data if it is inaccurate or incomplete;
The right to request that we erase your Personal Data in certain circumstances.
Please note that there may be circumstances where you ask us to erase your Personal Data but we are legally entitled to retain it;
The right to object to, or request that we restrict, our processing of your Personal Data in certain circumstances.
Again, there may be circumstances where you object to, or ask us to restrict, our processing of your Personal Data but we are legally entitled to refuse that request.
and
The right to lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection regulator if you think that any of your rights have been infringed by us.

You can exercise your rights by emailing us at support@mathigon.org, or by using our contact form.6.
Integration with Third-Party ServicesTeachers have the option to import existing student rosters from third-party services like Google Classroom.
We use the data provided by these services to create a new Mathigon account for every student, or to link existing Mathigon accounts with the same student email address to the teacher’s dashboard.
This is a one-off operation, after which we will no longer request data from the third-party service about future changes or additions/removals of students.
Teachers have the option to delete new student accounts created in this manner, unless the student links their account to another teacher or parent using a class codes.
Depending on the account type, we will use the personal data of students provided through third-party integrations as described in sections 2 and 3.7.
External ContentOccasionally, Mathigon will link to external websites.
While we do our best to curate high-quality content, we cannot guarantee the quality, relevance and safety of these external sites.
You should always be cautious when clicking on links, and you do so at your own risk.
Mathigon cannot be held liable for damages caused by visiting any external links.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites, even if they are co-branded with our name or logo (e.g.
the Mathigon Twitter page).
We may also embed content from other websites (such as YouTube) directly within Mathigon.
While we take steps to minimise any tracking activity by third parties, they may still collect some information from your browser, including cookies and the IP address.
Some pages on our website may contain social media plugins (e.g.
sharing buttons), which let you publish content directly to various social media platforms (e.g.
Facebook or Twitter).
To use these plugins, you have to authorize the third-party provider of the plugin, subject to their privacy policy and terms of use, which may differ from this policy.
You are advised that you do so at your own discretion.
Many providers will track your request, and use it to personalise their content and advertising.8.
Changes to this PolicyFrom time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy, and any changes will be posted below.
For major changes, we will notify all registered users by email and you will have to give renewed consent before continuing to use Mathigon.
For unauthenticated users, the continued use of Mathigon constitutes your acceptance of the revised Policy.
Last major update on 24 March 2020.
Minor edit on 12 July 2020: Clarify wording for behaviorally targeted advertising, data retention, and third-party sub-processors and content.
Require registered users to give renewed consent after making major changes to the policy.
Minor edit on 12 September 2020: Clarify which location data we collect, and that we also collect analytics data within our apps (not just the website).
Minor edit on 29 January 2021: Clarify how to contact us in order to request account deletion.
Minor edit on 4 March 2021: Change support email addresses.
Minor edit on 15 May 2021: Clarify that Mathigon does not allow third-parties to collect personal information for advertising purposes, that user accounts are not publicly visible, that we cannot respond to Do Not Track signals from Browsers, that users may save or post work to Mathigon, and that the list of what data we collect and how it is used is exhaustive.
Minor edit on 29 May 2021: Clarify how you can delete your account or download a copy of your data.
Minor edit on 27 Aug 2021: Added Tribe, Akismet, Spring and Cloudflare as third-party sub-processors.About•Tutorials and PD•Mobile Apps•For Teachers•Gift Store•PressFAQs•Accessibility•Privacy Policy•Terms of Use© 2022 Mathigon
      