
         Skip to content 
 Product Real-time Collaboration Suite

 Features
 Security
 Compliance
 Enterprise Edition
 Integrations
 Mattermost Cloud High-trust collaboration platform delivered as SaaS Learn more Mattermost Incident Collaboration Deploy Mattermost as a DevOps command center Learn more 
 Pricing 
 Solutions Use Cases

 DevOps
 ChatOps
 Remote Work

Dev Suites

 Atlassian
 Microsoft

More

 Government
 Partners


 Customers 
 Resources 
 Community
 Training
 Resource Library
 Official Mattermost Blog Deploy Mattermost as a DevOps command center Read Blog 
 Docs 
 User's Guide
 Cloud Admin Guide
 Self-Managed Admin Guide
 Contribute to Mattermost
 Release Notes
 All Docs




 Get Started 
 Get Started Mattermost Cookie Policy Mattermost Terms 
Terms of Use
Self-Managed Subscription License Agreement
Cloud Subscription License Agreement
Beta Subscription Terms
Mattermost Software Evaluation Agreement
Support Terms
Data Processing Addendum
Subprocessor
Hosted Push Notification Terms
 Mattermost Policies 
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Trademark Policy
 Effective Date: November 4th, 2020At Mattermost, trust is our No.
1 priority and we always aim to be transparent about our practices.
This Cookie Policy provides information about our use of cookies.
Any Capitalized terms used in this Cookie Policy but not defined have the meaning set forth in our Privacy Policy. What are Cookies?

We use cookies on our Sites and Service (as defined below).
Cookies are small text files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer or mobile device (if you allow).
These cookies are unique to your account, browser, or device and enable the site or service provider to recognize your browser and/or device, and, if you have a registered account, associate it with your registered account.
Session-based cookies last only while your browser is open and are automatically deleted when you close your browser.
Persistent cookies last until you or your browser delete them or until they expire.


We use cookies (both session and persistent) and similar technologies (collectively, “Cookies”).
We use Cookies on the websites operated by Mattermost, Inc., and our affiliates (collectively, the “Sites”) and in the products and services we provide (collectively, the “Service”).
We also use trusted third party cookies.

 Information that is Automatically Collected and How Mattermost Uses Cookies

We may use both session and persistent Cookies to convey information to us, such as: identify that you’ve logged in to the Service.
your Internet Protocol address.
unique device identifiers.
your browser settings and specification.
and information about how you use the Service (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click, features and functionalities you utilize, how frequently you access the Service, and other actions you take on the Service).
Cookies also allow us to track your usage of the Service over time.


We use the following types of Cookies:




Operationally Necessary Cookies: These Cookies allow you access to our Service or to make use of certain functionality.

Preferences: These cookies allow our Site and Service to remember the choices that you’ve made in the past, like what language you prefer, your timezone, or your username and password so you can automatically log in.

Security: These cookies enable and support our security features and help us to detect malicious activity.

Statistic and Performance: These Cookies collect information about how you use the Site and Service and help us assess the performance of the Site and Service, such as which pages you visit and which links you click on.
This information is aggregated and anonymized and used to improve the Site and Service functionality.

Marketing/Targeting/Advertising: These Cookies help us market more effectively to users that we and our partners believe may be interested in Mattermost.
They also help provide us with aggregated auditing, research, and reporting, and know when content has been shown to you.


 Third Party Data Collection and AdvertisingWe strive to give you choices about how your personal information is used.&nbsp.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer the information we collect from you to unaffiliated third parties.
We do, however, share the information we collect from you with trusted third parties who assist us in operating our Site, conducting our business, or providing the Service to you, provided that those parties agree to keep your information confidential and secure.
This includes sharing the following anonymous usage statistics about the Service on the Gfycat feature with Gfycat: which gifs are viewed and shared (without identifying specific users).
how many users have used the feature.
and the search terms and categories that are selected from the Gfycat picker. How to Opt OutIf you would prefer not to accept Cookies or otherwise wish to disable our use of tracking technologies, most browsers and mobile devices allow you to change your settings so as to notify you when you receive cookies or other tracking technologies are being used, and to choose whether or not to accept/allow it.
Most browsers also allow you to disable or delete existing cookies or to automatically reject future cookies.
Please note, however, that if you don’t accept Cookies or disable Cookies, you may not be able to access all portions or features of the Site or the Service.
Certain tracking technologies we use are related to advertising networks, and through those technologies we may share certain information such as IP addresses.
Please note that the information we share with those advertising networks might be combined with other information about you that those networks may have collected from other sources.
To learn more about advertising networks and how to opt out of sharing information with them, please click here and here.
If you’re in the EU, you can find additional information about your choices with respect to advertising networks and online behavioral advertising by clicking here.
Certain tracking technologies we use involve the use of session replay scripts or other scripts that run directly from your browser.
If you wish to disable these tracking technologies, you can install a third-party browser analytics blocker plug-in such as Ghostery.
If you have any questions about how we or our third-party service providers use cookies or other tracking technologies that aren’t answered in this Cookie Policy, please contact us at privacy@mattermost.com. Give your team the tools they’ve been waiting for Get Started Mattermost Product 
Contact Sales
Deployment
Integrations
End User Guide
Administrator's Guide
Release Notes
Open Source Advantage
Mattermost &amp.
MS Teams
Product Direction
 Get Help 
Community
Get Support
Discussion Forum
Get Involved
Nominate a Feature
Branding Guidelines
 Security 
Security Overview
Security Policies &amp.
Updates
Security Bulletins Mailing List
Report a Security Issue
 Security 
Security Overview
Security Policies &amp.
Updates
Security Bulletins Mailing List
Report a Security Issue
 About Us 
Contact Us
About Us
News and Press
Careers
Find a Partner
 Learn More 
Remote Work
DevOps
ChatOps
Blog
 Download 
Mattermost Server
Enterprise Trial License
Mobile and Desktop Apps 

© Mattermost, Inc.
2021.
Terms of Service or Privacy Policy.














We use cookies for advertising, social media and analytics purposes.
Read about how we use cookies here.
By continuing to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies. Accept 
      