

MaxMind End-User License (December 17, 2020)


By clicking on the words "I Agree" below, you agree that your use of the
MaxMind, Inc.
(“MaxMind”) products and services (collectively, the "Services") is subject to the
terms and conditions set forth in this MaxMind End User License Agreement (this
"Agreement").


 ADDITIONAL POLICIES.

The following policies are incorporated into this Agreement by reference and
provide additional terms and conditions related to the use of the Website and the Services:


MaxMind Data Processing Addendum (the "Addendum")
MaxMind Invoicing and Vendor Portal Policy
minFraud Service Terms of Use
MaxMind Privacy Policy
MaxMind Website Terms of Use


This Agreement controls in the event of any conflict with the above-referenced
policies except as otherwise provided in Section 9 (Personal Data).



DEFINITIONS.

 “GeoIP Databases” refers to MaxMind’s line of database services and products that provide geographic information and other data associated with specific Internet protocol addresses (each a "GeoIP Database" and collectively the "GeoIP Databases").
The data available through the GeoIP Databases is referred to in this Agreement as the "GeoIP Data".

 “minFraud Service” refers to the service offered by MaxMind that uses MaxMind proprietary data combined with recognized fraud risks to help merchants identify potentially fraudulent online transactions.

 “GeoIP2 Precision Service” refers to the service offered by MaxMind that uses MaxMind proprietary data to provide geolocation and other information associated with an IP address.

 “Services” as used in this Agreement encompasses the GeoIP Databases and the GeoIP Data therein, the minFraud Services and the GeoIP2 Precision Services.

 "Web Services" refers to the minFraud Service and the GeoIP2 Precision Service.
The GeoIP Databases are not “Web Services.” Unless otherwise specified, all references to the Services in this Agreement include the Web Services.

 "Geolocation Functionality" includes, but is not limited to, the distribution of content based on geographic location, any ability to view the GeoIP Data, any ability to view or access graphical or textual representations of the GeoIP data, and any ability to initiate queries to the GeoIP Databases directly or via your commercial product/service.

 a "ShopID" is an input for a query to the minFraud Service.
The ShopID is your internal identification code or name for the shop, affiliate, merchant, or customer that is the source of the online transaction for which the minFraud Service is being queried.

 "Internal Restricted Business Purpose(s)" means the uses of the GeoIP Data solely for content customization, fraud prevention, and geographic reporting provided that "Internal Restricted Business Purposes" does not include: 
 providing Geolocation Functionality to applications or online platforms if users other than you can access or use the Geolocation Functionality for their own purposes or benefit (e.g., you may use Geolocation Functionality to customize and target your own ads for your own products and services, surveys, and other content but may not use Geolocation Functionality in connection with a service that customizes or targets any content on behalf of your customers, users, or any third party).

 using GeoIP Data in the models or decision-making process for a fraud-detection or similar service offered to third parties, regardless of whether end users of the service and other third parties are able to view or otherwise access the GeoIP Data.

 sharing the GeoIP Data with third parties.
As an illustration, restrictions on sharing GeoIP Data include, but are not limited to, (X) displaying geolocation pairing information (meaning displaying an IP address along with its geographic origination such as "this IP address, XXX.XX.XX.XX, originates from New York City, NY, USA").
and (Y) displaying GeoIP Data in an aggregated format such as "1000 IP addresses originated in New York City" or 
 using the GeoIP2 Anonymous IP Database or the GeoIP Data therein for any purpose unrelated to detecting security incidents or protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity.



 “Website” refers to MaxMind’s website, www.maxmind.com.




LIMITED GRANT OF RIGHTS.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, MaxMind hereby grants
you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to do the following with
the Services you have purchased:


 You may access and use the Services for your own Internal Restricted Business Purposes.

 You may use the Web Services (but not the GeoIP Databases) to provide Geolocation Functionality for applications or products, even if such applications or products are accessible to parties other than you or your employees (Note: You may use the GeoIP Databases or GeoIP Data to provide Geolocation Functionality for applications or products only if those applications and products are accessible only to you and your employees.) 
 You may sublicense the Web Services (but not the GeoIP Databases) to your customers provided that (i) all use by you and your customers of the Web Services complies with the terms and restrictions set forth in this Agreement (including the minFraud Service Terms of Use, if applicable) and (ii) any query to the minFraud Service made by you, or on behalf of your customer, includes a ShopID as an input field.



You agree to use the Services and products only in a manner that is consistent
with applicable laws.
You understand and agree that (i) MaxMind does not
guarantee the accuracy of the GeoIP Databases or GeoIP Data.
and (ii) you are
solely responsible for the legality of your use and receipt of the Services.



RESTRICTIONS.


General. You may not, nor may you permit others to: 
 copy any portion of the Services except as reasonably required for using the Services as permitted in this Agreement.

 allow anyone other than yourself or your employees to access the Services, or any portion thereof, without MaxMind's express written permission or except as expressly permitted in this Agreement.

 use the Services to develop a database, infobase, or similar database service, or other information resource in any media (print, electronic, or otherwise, now existing or developed in the future) for sale to, distribution to, display to, or use by others.

 except as explicitly permitted hereunder for your use of the Web Services, create compilations or derivative works of the Services for any purpose other than your own Internal Restricted Business Purposes.

 use the Services in any manner that is beyond the scope of the rights granted in this Agreement.

 except as explicitly permitted hereunder for your use of the Web Services, store in a retrieval system accessible to the public, transfer, publish, distribute, display to others, broadcast, sell, or sublicense the Services, or any portion thereof.

 remove or obscure any copyright notice or other notice or terms of use contained in the Services.

 use the Services to create or otherwise support the transmission of unsolicited, commercial email.

 remove, disable, avoid, circumvent, or defeat any functionality in the Services designed to limit or control access to or use of the Services.

 except for your use of the Web Services as permitted hereunder, use the Services to provide Geolocation Functionality for applications or products accessible to anyone other than you or your employees.
or 
 use the Services for the purpose of identifying or locating a specific individual or household.




Disclosure of GeoIP Database and GeoIP Data. you will not disclose the GeoIP Databases or GeoIP Data to any third party except as explicitly permitted by this Agreement or after notifying MaxMind of the anticipated disclosure and obtaining MaxMind's prior written consent to the disclosure.
To the extent you disclose the GeoIP Databases or GeoIP Data to a third party as permitted by this Agreement, you will impose upon the third party the same or substantially similar contractual duties imposed on you and the rights provided to MaxMind as in this Agreement, including those in Section 3 (Limited Grant Of Rights), Section 4 (Restrictions), and the Addendum.
You are responsible for the acts or omissions of any third parties with which you share the GeoIP Databases or GeoIP Data.


Destruction of GeoIP Database and GeoIP Data. From time to time, MaxMind will release an updated version of the GeoIP Databases, and you agree to promptly use the updated version of the GeoIP Databases.
You shall cease use of and destroy (i) any old versions of the GeoIP Databases and GeoIP Data within thirty (30) days following the release of the updated GeoIP Databases.
and (ii) all GeoIP Databases and GeoIP Data immediately upon termination of the license under this Agreement.
Upon request, you shall provide MaxMind with written confirmation of such destruction.


FCRA In addition, the parties understand and agree that MaxMind is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 U.S.C.
§1681 et seq.
("FCRA"), and that the Services do not constitute "consumer reports" as defined in the FCRA.
You understand that any information you provide to MaxMind in order to use the Services has not been collected by MaxMind for credit purposes and is not intended to be indicative of any consumer's credit worthiness, credit standing, credit capacity, or other characteristics listed in Section 603(d) of the FCRA.
You agree that you will not use the Services or any information received through the Services in whole or in part (i) as a factor in establishing a consumer's eligibility for credit, (ii) as a factor in establishing a consumer's eligibility for insurance, (iii) for employment purposes, (iv) in connection with a determination of an individual's eligibility for a license or other benefit granted by a governmental authority, or (v) in connection with any permissible purpose as defined by the FCRA.
Any use of the Services by you in violation of this paragraph shall also constitute an unacceptable use.




ACCURACY EXPECTATION: NO USE OF THE GEOIP DATA OR GEOIP2 PRECISION SERVICES FOR IDENTIFYING SPECIFIC HOUSEHOLDS OR INDIVIDUALS.

Due to the nature of geolocation technology and other factors beyond its
control, MaxMind cannot and does not guarantee the accuracy of the Services.
The GeoIP Databases and GeoIP2 Precision Services contain only the geographic data available and the
availability of such data is not consistent for all regions.
Furthermore, none
of the Services reliably identifies any geographic level or division more
precise than the zip code or postal code associated with an IP address.
Accordingly, it is imperative that MaxMind's customers not rely on the GeoIP
Data or GeoIP2 Precision Services to identify a specific household, individual, or street address.
You
acknowledge the foregoing limitation of the Services and you will not
use or encourage others to use the Services for the purpose of identifying or
locating a specific household, individual, or street address.


 NON-DISCLOSURE OF MINFRAUD SERVICE OUTPUTS.

Except as explicitly provided in this Agreement, you may not, nor may you permit others to, disclose to any customer or other third party any output returned by the minFraud Service (e.g., such response
values as the riskScore, proxyScore or proxy score, IP Risk Score, subscores,
high risk flags), recognizing that the confidentiality of such information is
vital to the performance of the minFraud service.
Disclosure of such
information shall be considered a material breach of this Agreement.
For the removal of doubt, you may provide outputs returned by the minFraud Service to customers to whom you have sublicensed the minFraud Service, but you may not provide any minFraud Service outputs to any individual whose transaction was evaluated by the minFraud Service.



OWNERSHIP AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.

You acknowledge and agree that MaxMind's trade secrets include the Services.
You further acknowledge and agree that
(a) all intellectual property rights including copyrights, moral rights,
trademarks, trade secrets, and proprietary rights to the Services are
exclusively owned by MaxMind and (b) you obtain no right, title, or interest
therein.
You hereby assign to MaxMind all copyrights, intellectual property
rights, and any other proprietary or property rights or interests in and to any
work created in violation of this Agreement.


MaxMind's successful maintenance and operation of the Services require that it
store, retain, and utilize data that is submitted to it by customers who use
the Services.
Accordingly, and to the extent that any data submitted to
MaxMind by you is protectable by copyright, moral rights, or any similar
intellectual property laws in any jurisdiction, you hereby assign and agree to
assign to MaxMind all right, title, and interest in and to such data and/or the
aggregated product of such data.
To the extent that you are legally or
contractually unable to assign the foregoing rights of ownership, then you
hereby grant to MaxMind a fully paid-up, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable
license to use, copy, distribute, make derivative works, and otherwise
commercially exploit all such data in connection with MaxMind's business.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, MaxMind shall comply with the terms of its own
Privacy Policy in place at the time of submission of any data to MaxMind.



CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 
 “Confidential Information” includes all confidential and proprietary information or material disclosed by you or MaxMind (the “Disclosing Party”) to the other party (the “Receiving Party”) from which the Disclosing Party derives actual or potential economic value, and which is clearly marked or verbally identified at the time of disclosure as “Confidential” or is disclosed or learned under circumstances that would lead a reasonable person to conclude that the information was confidential.
Confidential Information shall not include information that: (i) is or becomes publicly known through no act or omission of the Receiving Party.
(ii) was in the Receiving Party’s lawful possession before being disclosed to the Receiving Party by the Disclosing Party.
(iii) is lawfully disclosed to the Receiving Party by any other third party not bound by any confidentiality obligation with respect to such information.
or (iv) is independently developed by the Receiving Party.

 The parties acknowledge that each party may have access to Confidential Information of the other party.
Each party shall use reasonable care to protect the Confidential Information of the other party.
In that regard, each party shall restrict access to Confidential Information to employees, contractors, and third parties as is reasonably required to exercise its rights and fulfill its obligations under this Agreement and only if such persons are subject to nondisclosure restrictions at least as protective as those set forth in this Agreement.
Neither party shall, without prior written approval of the other party, use for such party’s own benefit, publish, copy, or otherwise disclose to others, or permit the use by others for their benefit or to the detriment of the Disclosing Party, any Confidential Information.
The Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party if required to do so under applicable law, rule or order, provided that the Receiving Party, where reasonably practicable and to the extent legally permissible, provides the Disclosing Party with prior written notice of the required disclosure so that the Disclosing Party may seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy, and provided further that the Receiving Party discloses no more Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party than is reasonably necessary in order to respond to the required disclosure.



PERSONAL DATA.

The parties hereby agree to and incorporate by reference the Addendum, which shall apply to the extent the parties
process any Personal Information (as defined in the Addendum) in connection with
your use of the Services.
The provisions of the Addendum relating to the processing of Personal Information (as defined in the Addendum) shall control over any conflicting provisions elsewhere in this Agreement.
For the removal of doubt, the Addendum is subject to the limitations of liability set forth in this Agreement.



SECURITY.

You will maintain reasonable and appropriate technical and organizational
measures for the protection of the security, confidentiality, and integrity of
any information you receive from MaxMind including without limitation, from the Services (including protection against
unauthorized or unlawful processing and against accidental or unlawful
destruction, loss, or alteration or damage, unauthorized disclosure of, or
access to, such data).
In the event you discover a data incident involving any
such information, you shall promptly notify MaxMind and fully cooperate with
MaxMind, at your own expense, in remediating the incident.
You are responsible
for all activities that occur under your password, license key, and similar
mechanisms for account access (collectively "Passwords"), and shall keep your
Passwords confidential.



INDEMNIFICATION.

You will indemnify and hold MaxMind and its affiliates harmless from and against
any and all claims, causes of action, liabilities, penalties, costs or expenses
(including reasonable attorney's fees) incurred by MaxMind or any affiliate
thereof as a result of your breach of any of the terms of this Agreement,
including the Addendum.



FEES.

MaxMind's current fee schedule for using the Services is posted on the Website.
Unless MaxMind has agreed in writing to alternative fees for your account, the fees posted on the Website shall apply to your use of the Services.
You are responsible for paying all fees
associated with your use of the Services.
Unless MaxMind implements special
billing arrangements for your account, payment for all services is due in
advance.



APPLICATION PROGRAM INTERFACES (APIs)

MaxMind may facilitate your access to certain application
program interfaces ("APIs") for use with the Services.
Some APIs may have been
developed by third parties.
MaxMind and you acknowledge that the APIs are not
Services as defined in this Agreement and that MaxMind does not provide any
warranties for the APIs.
Any copying, implementation, or other use of any APIs
provided to you by MaxMind is subject to the license terms distributed with
such APIs or their associated software or documentation.



CHANGES TO THE AGREEMENT/TERMINATION.

 MaxMind may amend this Agreement at any time.
Any such amendment(s) shall be binding and effective upon the earlier of (i) the date that is thirty (30) days after the posting of the amended Agreement on the Website or (ii) the date that MaxMind provides notice to you of the amended Agreement, except that changes to charges and payment terms may be made only upon 30 days' prior written notice to you.
You may immediately terminate this Agreement upon written notice to MaxMind if a change is unacceptable to you.
Your continued use of the Services following notice to you of a change shall constitute your acceptance of the change.

 If you find it convenient to employ your standard form(s) of purchase order or similar form in administering the terms of this Agreement, you may do so, but none of the terms and/or conditions printed or otherwise appearing or referenced on such form will be applicable to or shall modify or change your rights or obligations hereunder except for those terms and conditions concerning specific details with respect to matters such as date, location, and quantity provided that such terms and conditions are not inconsistent with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.
MaxMind reserves the right to reject any purchase order or similar form which, in MaxMind's reasonable judgment, creates any ambiguity concerning which terms are applicable to this Agreement.

 This Agreement shall terminate immediately if, within the reasonable judgment of MaxMind, you materially breach any material term or condition of this Agreement and fail to remedy the breach within ten (10) days of receipt of written notice thereof stating MaxMind's intent to terminate upon non-cure of the breach.
MaxMind may immediately terminate this Agreement if MaxMind reasonably believes that terminating this Agreement is necessary for MaxMind to comply with any legal obligation.
Your failure to comply with the Restrictions is a breach of a material term of this Agreement.




NO CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES/LIMITATION ON LIABILITY.

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, SHALL MAXMIND OR ANY RELATED PARTY OR SUPPLIER BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE, OR DATA, THAT ARE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY RELATED TO THE USE OF OR THE INABILITY TO ACCESS AND USE THE SERVICES, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT, PRODUCT LIABILITY, STRICT LIABILITY, STATUTE, OR OTHERWISE EVEN IF MAXMIND HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF THOSE DAMAGES.
THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF MAXMIND, IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT IS LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT OF FEES ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU, IF ANY, UNDER THIS AGREEMENT DURING THE TWELVE MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE INCIDENT GIVING RISE TO LIABILITY.
YOU HEREBY RELEASE MAXMIND AND ITS AFFILIATES FROM ANY AND ALL OBLIGATIONS, LIABILITIES AND CLAIMS IN EXCESS OF THIS LIMITATION.



NO WARRANTIES/AVAILABILITY.

MAXMIND FURNISHES THE SERVICES ON AN AS-IS, AS-AVAILABLE BASIS.
MAXMIND MAKES NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THEIR CAPABILITY, ACCURACY, OR COMPLETENESS.
ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY TYPE, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED.
FURTHERMORE, SINCE AVAILABILITY OF SERVICES OFFERED THROUGH THE WEBSITE IS DEPENDENT UPON MANY FACTORS BEYOND MAXMIND'S CONTROL, MAXMIND DOES NOT GUARANTEE THE UNINTERRUPTED AVAILABILITY OF ANY SUCH SERVICES.
ANY SUCH SERVICES MAY BE INOPERATIVE AND/OR UNAVAILABLE DUE TO TECHNICAL DIFFICULTIES OR FOR MAINTENANCE PURPOSES, AT ANY TIME AND WITHOUT NOTICE.
WHILE MAXMIND DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE MAXMIND WEBSITE IS FREE OF HARMFUL COMPONENTS, MAXMIND SHALL MAKE COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE EFFORTS TO MAINTAIN THE WEBSITE FREE OF VIRUSES AND MALICIOUS CODE.



GOVERNING LAW.

This Agreement shall be governed and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, applicable to contracts made and to be performed
wholly in Massachusetts, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws.
You
specifically consent to personal jurisdiction in Massachusetts in connection
with any dispute between you and MaxMind arising out of this Agreement.
You
agree that the exclusive venue for any dispute hereunder shall be in the state
and federal courts in Boston, Massachusetts.
This Agreement shall be construed
and interpreted in English, and any translation hereof to a language other than
English shall be for convenience only.



NOTICES.

Notices given under this Agreement shall be in writing and sent by email, or by first class mail or equivalent.
MaxMind shall direct notice to you
at the email address or physical mailing address you provided in the
registration process.
You shall direct notice to MaxMind at the following
address:


Email: legal@maxmind.com


MaxMind, Inc.
14 Spring Street,
Suite 3 
Waltham, MA 02451
U.S.A.


Notices relating to Data Incidents (as defined in the Addendum) should be sent to: alert@maxmind.com


Either party may change its notice contact information at any time by giving
notice of the new contact information as provided in this section.



COMPLETE AGREEMENT.

This Agreement (which includes the Additional Policies referenced in Section 1 and
incorporated herein) represents the entire agreement between you and MaxMind
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all previous
representations, understandings, or agreements, oral and written, between the
parties regarding the subject matter hereof.



ASSIGNMENT.

You may not assign this Agreement without MaxMind's prior written consent.
MaxMind may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement without your
consent.



SEVERABILITY.

Should any provision of this Agreement be held void, invalid, or inoperative,
such decision shall not affect any other provision hereof, and the remainder of
this Agreement shall be effective as though such void, invalid, or inoperative
provision had not been contained herein.



