
         Skip to main content Toggle menu 
 Products 
 Maxon One 
 Cinema 4D 
 Redshift 
 Red Giant Complete 
 Universe 
 Forger 
 Cinebench 


 News 
 Headlines 
 Events 
 Gallery 
 Films 


 Learn 
 Educational Licensing 
 Training Partners 
 Certification 
 Cineversity 


 Support 
 Try 
 Buy 
 Search Search 
Account 
Toggle Search 
Select Language 
 English 
 Deutsch (German) 
 Español (Spanish) 
 Français (French) 
 Italiano (Italian) 
 русский (Russian) 
 中文 (Chinese) 
 日本語 (Japanese) 
 한국어 (Korean) 


Store 
 Legal 
 Privacy 
 Imprint 
 License Transfer 
 EULA 
 Legal 
 Privacy 
 Imprint 
 License Transfer 
 EULA 
 Artist: Fabian Aerts LEGAL IMPRINT Information in accordance with section 5 TMG
Maxon Computer GmbHMax-Planck-Str.
2061381 FriedrichsdorfGermany
Phone: +49 (0) 6172 / 59 06 0Fax: +49 (0) 6172 / 59 06 30General Information: info(at)maxon(dot)netSales &amp.
Marketing: sales(at)maxon(dot)netPress: press(at)maxon(dot)net


Authorized Company Representative
David McGavran
Register Court: Amtsgericht Bad Homburg v.
d.
HöheRegistration Number: HRB 6049
VAT identification number in accordancewith section 27 a of the German VAT act: DE113864088 Disclaimer Accountability for content The contents of our pages have been created with the utmost care.
However, we cannot guarantee the contents' accuracy, completeness or topicality. Liability for outgoing links The website operator makes links to external websites available from this website.
These hyperlinks will take the user directly to the external website.
The website operator has no influence on the content of the respective external website.
Therefore, no liability for the accuracy, topicality or completeness of the external website will be assumed.
However, the website operator assures that, at the time the link was set, they are not aware of any violations of legal guidelines on the part of the external website and that reasonable measures were undertaken to check the external website.
If the website operator becomes aware of any illegality of the linked content, the respective link will be removed.
 Copyright All text, photos and graphic elements used on this website are copyrighted.
If you want to use any of these elements, please contact the website operator.
The operator will then decide if they will supply the contact information of the copyright owner.
 Online Dispute Resolution With the ADR Directive (alternative dispute resolution) and ODR Regulation (online dispute resolution), the European Commission offers consumers a quick and affordable alternative to litigation.
In disputes between businesses and consumers regarding online service or purchase contracts, European consumers can contact the online platform of the European Commission for arbitration. Human Rights Compliance – UK Modern Slavery Act Statement (Financial Year 2020) In 2015 the United Kingdom published the UK Modern Slavery Act.
The Act forces every company to publish an annual statement if all the criteria below apply:

it is a “body corporate” or a partnership, wherever incorporated or formed
it carries on a business, or part of a business, in the UK
it supplies goods or services
it has a worldwide annual turnover of £36 million or more



Here you can find Nemetschek Group’s statement to fulfill the UK Modern Slavery Act in relation to Section 54 of the Act.


 About 
 Careers 
 Teams Program 
 Get Email Updates 
 Social 
 Imprint | Legal 

© 2021 Maxon Computer GMBH.
All Rights Reserved.
Maxon is a part of the Nemetschek Group

This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.

We use cookies to personalize content, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic.
We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
LEARN MORE Okay 
      