
         Privacy policyBy Mayo Clinic Staff This policy was last updated on March 4, 2021.Web privacy policyWe take your privacy seriously, and we want you to know how we collect, use, share and protect your information.
In addition to this privacy policy, users of the Mayo Clinic site should consult the Mayo Clinic site terms of use as well as any product specific terms and conditions that apply.
You may review policies specifically related to patient information (protected health information, or PHI) submitted through Mayo Clinic's patient portal.
This policy applies to MayoClinic.org, MayoClinic.edu, other web locations under Mayo Clinic's control, and any correspondence we have with you.
Other Mayo Clinic online properties may have their own privacy policies that apply to those sites.
You should review those privacy policies in connection with your use of those sites.What information we collect
Information you give us: We respect the right to privacy of all visitors to the Mayo Clinic sites.
We receive and store information you enter on our sites or give us in any other way, such as name, email address and phone number.
This includes information you submit on forms, such as appointment request forms.
Some forms collect sensitive information, such as health information, necessary for us to provide our services to you.

Information we collect automatically: When you interact with our sites and email newsletters, certain information about your use of our sites and interaction with our email newsletters is automatically collected.
This information includes computer and connection information, such as statistics on your page views, traffic to and from our sites, referral URL, ad data, your IP address, and device identifiers.
This information also may include your transaction history, and your web log information, how you search for our sites, the websites you click on from our sites or emails, whether and when you open our emails, and your browsing activities across other websites.
Much of this information is collected through cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies, as well as through your web browser or device (e.g., IP address, MAC address, browser version, etc.).Email communications, newsletter and related servicesMayoClinic.org provides you with the opportunity to receive communications from us or third parties.
You can sign up for a free Mayo Clinic email newsletter.
You can unsubscribe from this newsletter at any time.
Email communications that you send to us via the email links on our site may be shared with a customer service representative, employee, medical expert or agent that is most able to address your inquiry.
We make every effort to respond in a timely fashion once communications are received.
Once we have responded to your communication, it is discarded or archived, depending on the nature of the inquiry.
The email functionality on our site does not provide a completely secure and confidential means of communication.
It's possible that your email communication may be accessed or viewed by another internet user while in transit to us.
If you wish to keep your communication private, do not use our email.
You may decide at some point that you no longer wish to receive communications from our site.
To stop receiving communications, send an email message to mayoinfo@mayoclinic.com or send regular mail to the following postal address:

Mayo Privacy Officer
MayoClinic.org 200 First St.
SW Rochester, MN 55905

SurveysWe occasionally survey visitors to our site.
The information from these surveys is used in aggregated, de-identified form to help us understand the needs of our visitors so that we can improve our site.
The information may be shared with third parties with whom we have a business relationship.
We generally do not ask for information in surveys that would personally identify you.
if we do request contact information for follow-up, you may decline to provide it.
If survey respondents provide personal information (such as an email address) in a survey, it is shared only with those people who need to see it to respond to the question or request, or with third parties who perform data management services for our site.
Those third parties have agreed to keep all data from surveys confidential.How we use the information we collectWe use the information we collect for things like:

Optimizing the performance and user experience of our sites
Operating, evaluating and improving our business
Fulfilling orders and requests for products, services or information
Processing returns and exchanges
Tracking and confirming online orders
Delivering or installing products
Marketing and advertising products and services, including by inferring your interests from your interactions with our websites and newsletters, and tailoring advertisements, newsletters, and offers to you (both on our websites and on other websites) based on your interactions with us in our stores and online interests
Sending you email newsletters
Conducting research and analysis
Communicating with you about your account, special events and surveys
Establishing and managing your accounts with us

We may combine this information with any other information we have about you, including, if you are a Mayo Clinic Patient, any PHI we have about you.
If we combine this information with your PHI, we will treat all of that information as PHI, and will only use or disclose that information as set forth in our notice of privacy practices.Data retentionWe will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.We may share information with third partiesWe may share the information we collect about you with third parties who we have engaged to help us provide the services, or they may collect information about you directly when you interact with them.
In certain circumstances, we may permit these third parties to use this data to improve the products and services they provide to Mayo Clinic or their other customers.
Third parties may collect information such as IP addresses, traffic patterns and related information.
This data reflects site-usage patterns gathered during visits to our website each month or newsletter subscribers' interactions with our newsletters.
EU residents should refer to the section below entitled "Users in the European Economic Area (EEA) and Switzerland" for additional information.
We may also use or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or on the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to applicable law or comply with legal process served on us or our sites.
(b) protect and defend our rights or property, the sites, or our users.
or (c) act to protect the personal safety of us, users of the sites or the public.Interest-based advertising and your choicesUse of cookies: Our sponsors and advertisers and their ad servers may use cookies when you view pages on our site.
They use those cookies to collect information as a way of measuring the effectiveness of their advertising, or to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you or to avoid running the same ads to you over time.
Such information may include your IP address, browser type, your operating system, web pages visited, time of visits, content viewed, ads viewed and other clickstream data.
We do not control these third parties' use of cookies or how they manage the information they gather through them.
However, our sponsors and advertisers have contractually agreed to not collect name, address, email address or phone number from site visitors while they are on MayoClinic.org.
If you click on an advertisement on MayoClinic.org and visit a site maintained by one of our sponsors or advertisers, please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of that site.
You should read the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine what information that site may be collecting about you.
Our partner, Everyday Health, may use a third-party ad network provider, Collective Media, to help present advertisements on this website.
Your browser or device may include "Do Not Track" functionality.
At this time, we do not respond to browser "Do Not Track" signals.SecurityWhether you are visiting the Mayo Clinic site or in one of our clinic locations, we use reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality of personal information under our control and appropriately limit access to it.
We use a variety of information security measures to protect your online transactions with us.
The Mayo Clinic site uses encryption technology, such as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), to protect your personal information during data transport.
SSL protects information you submit via our website, such as ordering information including your name, address and credit card number.
That being said, Mayo Clinic cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
We have taken reasonable steps to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of personally identifiable information that you may provide.
You should understand, however, that electronic transmissions via the internet are not necessarily secure from interception, and so we cannot absolutely guarantee the security or confidentiality of such transmissions.Users in the European Economic Area (EEA) and SwitzerlandIf you are a resident of the EEA or Switzerland, the following information applies with respect to personal data collected through your use of our site.

Purposes of processing and legal basis for processing: As explained above, we process personal data in various ways depending upon your use of the services.
We process personal data on the following legal bases: (1) with your consent.
(2) as necessary to provide the services.
and (3) as necessary for our legitimate interests in providing the services where those interests do not override your fundamental rights and freedom related to data privacy.

Transfers: Personal data we collect may be transferred to, and stored and processed in, the United States or any other country in which we or our affiliates or processors maintain facilities.
We will ensure that transfers of personal data to a country or an international organization outside the EEA or Switzerland are subject to appropriate safeguards.

Your rights: You are entitled to the rights under Chapter III of the EU General Data Protection Regulation or Section 2 of the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection with respect to the processing of your personal data, which include the right to access and rectify and to request erasure of personal data.
In order to verify your identity, we may require you to provide us with personal information prior to accessing any records containing information about you.Protecting children's privacyWe are committed to protecting children's privacy on the internet, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children.Links to other websitesOur websites link to other websites, many of which have their own privacy policies.
Be sure to review the privacy policy on the site you're visiting.Privacy policy updatesWe may need to update our privacy policy as technology changes and Mayo Clinic evolves.
If we make significant changes to the privacy policy, we'll post a prominent message on our websites.Your California privacy rightsWe do not share your personal information with unaffiliated third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
We may, however, share your personal data with any Mayo entity or affiliate.
You have the right to contact us and opt-out of such sharing for marketing purposes.Contact informationIf you have a question or concern regarding your privacy, please contact Mayo Clinic's Privacy Officer using the contact information below:

Mayo Clinic Privacy Officer
200 First St.
SW Rochester, MN 55905
507-266-6286
dlenterpriseprivacyoffice@mayo.edu
 March 04, 2021 
      