
        
User Content Submission Agreement

Last modified January 2020


For the avoidance of doubt, these Terms do not apply to any data submitted to or collected by McGraw Hill in connection with the educational or instructional use of our products and services by customers, students, and/or educational institutions. By submitting your content to McGraw Hill LLC or its affiliates ("McGraw Hill", "we" or "us"), including articles, comments, photos, videos, and all content, media, materials and information ("User Content") you publish through any social media platform, any of our applications, or directly to the entire McGraw Hill website ("Site") or services, you are representing that you accept and agree to these Terms and the terms of McGraw Hill's Terms of Use and Privacy Notice and that you will comply with all of the requirements of each policy, and that you are at least eighteen (18) years of age.
In addition, to the extent your User Content is displayed on the Site or in connection with any of our services, you also will be subject to any additional terms of use, agreements, guidelines or rules provided by McGraw Hill applicable to such Site and services and you hereby agree to be bound by such other terms, agreement, guidelines or rules.
If you do not agree to these Terms, you should not submit User Content.

You also agree to the following:
As between you and us, you represent that you own all User Content, or have the rights and permissions to give us the license described herein.
You hereby grant us permission and an irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, royalty-free license to use, modify, reproduce, display, copy, distribute, publish, perform, sublicense, translate, create derivative works from, make available and otherwise exploit all User Content you provide to us, including but not limited to on our webpages and social media pages and in any and all other customer communications, marketing, promotional and advertising initiatives, including for commercial purposes, and in any media now known or hereafter devised.
By submitting the User Content you agree to also allow us to feature personal information in connection with any use of your User Content, such as your name, voice, likeness, photograph, username, social media handle, accompanying text, location and other identifying information.
however, we have no obligation to attribute any authorship in the User Content to you.
Information you submit with User Content is subject to our Privacy Notice.
The foregoing licenses shall survive termination of these Terms for any reason.
If you do not agree to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in this way, please do not provide us with personal information.
These licenses will survive the termination of these Terms and your use of the Site.
You agree you will not submit any User Content that is not in accordance with the Community Guidelines in our Terms of Use.
McGraw Hill reserves the right but not the obligation to remove, to not accept or to not transmit User Content that we deem to be in violation of our Terms.
User Content does not reflect the views of McGraw Hill, and we are not responsible or liable for or in connection with any User Content.
If you believe any content, including User Content, residing on the Site or services or displayed or used in connection with the services infringes any person's or entity's copyright rights, please refer to our Terms of Use.
We may display advertisements in connection with your User Content or on pages where your User Content may be viewed by you or others, and we may use your User Content to advertise and promote McGraw Hill.
No payment, royalty or compensation of any kind, or permission, notification or attribution, is due to you or to anyone else for our use of your User Content.
Any User Content submitted to us through a social media service must be submitted in accordance with all terms and conditions of the applicable social media service.
You are responsible for your registration, use, and any costs related to your use, of any third party service used to submit User Content, and McGraw Hill will not have any responsibility therefor.
You hereby release McGraw Hill from any and all claims of any rights, encumbrances, liens, claims, demands, actions or suits which you may or can have in connection with your User Content, including, without limitation, any and all liability for any permitted use or nonuse of your User Content, claims for defamation, libel, slander, invasion of privacy, right of publicity, emotional distress or economic loss.
You also forever waive and relinquish all moral rights now or hereafter recognized in connection with your User Content and the rights granted to McGraw Hill hereunder.
You represent and warrant that your User Content does not infringe the intellectual property rights, privacy rights, publicity rights, or other legal rights of any third party.
You agree to indemnify and hold us and our affiliates, and each of their respective employees and officers, harmless from any demands, loss, liability, claims or expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees), made against us by any third party arising out of or in connection with our use and exploitation of your User Content.

Rules for Promotions

Any sweepstakes, contests, challenges, surveys, raffles or other promotions (collectively, "Promotions") made available through the Site or otherwise may be governed by specific rules that are separate from these Terms.
If you participate in any Promotion, please review the applicable rules as well as our Privacy Notice as by participating in the Promotion you will become subject to its applicable rules which may vary from these Terms.
If the rules for a Promotion conflict with these Terms, the Promotion rules will apply.
