
MediaFire Terms of Payment Policy
This Terms of Payment Policy, in conjunction with MediaFire Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, other Policies referenced on the MediaFire website and other terms and conditions of use which are incorporated herein by reference and which may be posted and applicable to specific services (collectively, the "Agreement") governs your access to and use of the MediaFire website, Content, apps, software, products and services provided to you on, from, or through the MediaFire website, (collectively, the "Services"). Subscription Information
Information about your subscription is provided in emails we send to you and in your account.
After logging into your account, you can see information about your subscription by going to your My Account page. MediaFire Premium Accounts Premium Services (“Subscription”) require you to pay a fee, which is described in greater detail below.
You agree to pay all fees and charges you incur, in US dollars with a major credit card accepted by MediaFire.
Subscription fees are non-refundable except as expressly set forth below.
You hereby authorize us to charge your credit card to pay for the ongoing cost of Subscription.
Payment for the appropriate Subscription and/or Services will be made by automatic charges to your credit card.
Upon its expiration, your Subscription will be automatically renewed for a term (1) equal to the original subscription term or (2) in accordance with the terms of a special subscription offer (“Promotion”), and continually renewed for equal terms thereafter, unless you terminate your Subscription pursuant to the process set forth below.
You acknowledge and agree that the authorization to charge your credit card for our Subscriptions shall automatically transfer to any successors or assigns of the Services.
The billing period ends each term on the anniversary of your activation date.
You agree to pay all fees and charges that you incur through your account, including, but not limited to, applicable taxes.
You will be responsible for charges for any products or services that you purchase that are offered for sale through our Services.
In addition, you are responsible for paying any amounts billed to your credit card by someone who uses your card, such as a secondary card holder or family member, or if you authorized use of your card by someone else for the initial Subscription.
If payment cannot be charged to your credit card or your payment is returned to us for any reason, including chargeback, we reserve the right to either suspend or terminate your account and our obligations under this Agreement.
If you provide us with a new/updated card and are successfully charged, your renewal period will be based on the original renewal date and not the date of the successful charge.
PROMOTIONAL SUBSCRIPTIONS ARE RENEWED AT THE THEN CURRENT NON-PROMOTIONAL FEE.
SOME YEARLY PLANS, WERE OFFERED FOR THE INITIAL 12 MONTHS ONLY AND MAY BEGIN BILLING MONTHLY STARTING THE 13TH MONTH AFTER SIGNUP.
From time to time, we may offer different subscription plans and the fees for such plans may vary.
A detailed description of current premium services and features can be found on the Product Matrix page or by contacting Customer Service.
Business services offer "Rollover Bandwidth".
Unused bandwidth in each billing period will become available in subsequent billing periods, without time limitations for usage.
If you upgrade your plan, you will be billed immediately for the new plan and any unused bandwidth from your previous plan will be rolled over into your new plan.
Additional increments of bandwidth may be purchased for immediate use, which qualifies as Rollover Bandwidth.
This one time purchase is not a recurring charge and will not affect the pricing of your Subscription service.
You may view your billing history from your My Account page.
Pro services will be allocated 1TB of total storage, and a minimum of 1TB of bandwidth every 30 days, based on your initial subscription date.
Additional increments of bandwidth may be purchased.
If you have less than 1TB available at the beginning of the next 30 day period, your bandwidth will be automatically increased to 1TB.
If your account is in excess of 1TB, bandwidth will not be added or deducted.
Bandwidth in a premium account is consumed by anyone, including you, who download your file(s).
From your My Account page, you may view stats about your bandwidth usage.
You may cancel a Subscription at any time through your My Account page.
Your account will remain active for the remainder of the term for which you have previously paid after which it will revert to a standard free account and be subject to the restrictions of a free account.
Cancellation of your Subscription will not relieve you of any obligations to pay accrued charges, including any prorated charges accrued for the billing cycle in which your Subscription is cancelled.
We are not responsible for any accounting errors or oversights older than sixty (60) days.
MediaFire may, without compensation or proration, cancel your Subscription in the event of nonpayment or dispute of payment or if you violate any terms or conditions of this Agreement.

Which means: Your credit card will automatically be charged for renewals.
Promotional and some yearly subscription plans, at renewal, are billed monthly at the then current fee.
You can cancel at any time from your account, or contact customer service.
You can buy an upgraded account or services.
Bandwidth is used by anyone downloading your Content.
 MediaFire 30 Day Free Trial Offer A 30-Day Free Trial offer may be presented to MediaFire free users.
When you sign up for a 30-Day Free Trial, you are agreeing to a recurring yearly subscription that begins on the 31st day after you sign up for the Trial.
The subscription will automatically renew every year thereafter, unless you cancel the subscription.
Upon acceptance of the Trial, MediaFire will send an authorization request to your financial institution to verify that your payment method works.
These requests are not charges, but in some cases may temporarily affect your available account balance.
You will not be charged if you do not continue the service.

Information about your Free Trial will be included in a confirmation email after you sign up.
Before the end of your Trial period, you will receive an email notifying you your Trial period is about to conclude.
Email notifications provide you an opportunity to cancel your subscription.
You may also cancel your subscription from your My Account page after logging into your MediaFire account.
Unless you cancel the Trial by the 30th day, you will be charged for a yearly subscription.
Trial Accounts are Premium Accounts and Premium Account information applies to accounts that were created with a 30 Day Free Trial Offer.
Read the Premium Account section, above, for more information about Premium Accounts.
MediaFire reserves the right, in its absolute discretion, to determine who receives the offer, or to withdraw or modify the offer at any time without prior notice or liability. Processing MediaFire reserves the right to fix any processing errors it discovers, which may result in adjustments to your account. Refund Policy MediaFire may approve a thirty (30) day money-back guarantee, after a review of Services utilized, which would apply only to the initial charge of your first Subscription with MediaFire.
The guarantee does not apply after a 30 Day Free trial or to re-established subscriptions, changes in subscriptions or creations of subsequent subscriptions.
Your account will then revert to a free account and be subject to the restrictions of a free account.
Cancelling your subscription will not issue an automatic refund.
REFUND REQUESTS should be submitted to MediaFire by email to refund@mediafire.com.
MediaFire will respond to your request.
Allow us the opportunity to assist you.

Which means: First time users may request a refund of their first month Subscription fee and be converted to a free account user.
When you cancel your account, a refund is not automatically issued.

Revised: February 3, 2021
