



 Home 
 Marketplace 
 contextual ads 
 programmatic 
 buyers 
 about 
 sign in Contact Us 
 sign in 
 Contact Us 
 Ad Quality Policy Media.net Ad Quality Policy
Media.net is committed to providing a fair value exchange between buyers, sellers and users and to that purpose, Media.net uses commercially reasonable efforts to provide participating buyers and sellers with a safe, transparent, and fair marketplace.
We expect our advertising partners to follow certain policies on quality and behavior of ads and landing pages that are permitted through our platform.
By using the Media.net platform and services, each Advertiser/Demand side partner (hereafter referred to as Buyer(s)) agrees to these Policies, which may be updated at any time by posting notice of such changes on our website or by otherwise providing notice.
All Buyer(s) understand that it is their sole responsibility to keep themselves updated on all policies available here.
Media.net reserves the right to reject, suspend, or remove from its platforms any Buyer(s) at its sole discretion.
These policies do not limit Media.net’s discretion in any way.
Buyer(s) shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Media.net and its affiliates, and each of their officers, directors, employees and agents (each an “Indemnified Party”) from all third party claims and liabilities (including reasonable attorney’s fees and legal costs) arising from or relating to (a) any violation of this Ad Quality Policy by Buyer(s) (even if an exception has been granted), (b) any violation of applicable laws, rules, or regulations (even if an exception has been granted), or (c) any infringement or misappropriation of any intellectual property right of a third party (even if an exception has been granted).
Buyer(s) will also be responsible for complying with Children's Online Privacy Protection Rule (COPPA) and California Business and Professions Code Section 22580 (“BPC 22580”) regulations based on relevant flags transmitted in bid requests.
I.
Platform Policies

Buyer(s) may only purchase inventory for use directly by an advertiser (or direct agent of an advertiser) with which you have a direct relationship.
Reselling, distributing or otherwise sub-syndicating inventory to another indirect sales channel (e.g., another ad network or trading desk) is prohibited.
Buyer(s) may not create targeting profiles or segments or use any targeting profiles or segments to show ads to users if such profiles or segments may lead to discriminatory treatment of a user (including but not limited to ads in relation to housing, credit, insurance, and employment).
Buyer(s) will comply with the applicable Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Principles published at youradchoices.com/principles and, as applicable, with the IAB Europe EU Framework for Online Behavioral Advertising and the EASA Best Practice Recommendation on Online Behavioral Advertising, which are administered by the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance and published at www.edaa.eu.
They shall also comply with the enhanced notice obligations applicable to Third Parties as defined in the DAA Self-Regulatory Principles.
Buyer(s) must provide consumers with comprehensible notice of their privacy practices, including, where appropriate, enhanced notice of behavioral targeting through mechanisms such as the Digital Advertising Alliance’s “AdChoices” icon.
Advertisers that engage in behavioral advertising must also provide consumers with the ability to opt out of such targeted advertising.
Buyer(s) must respect all user opt out and/or privacy signals.
All ads placed through the Media.net’s platforms must comply with the Ad Standards and Creative Guidelines set out by the Internet Advertising Bureau at http://www.iab.com/guidelines/iab-standard-ad-unit-portfolio/ unless otherwise authorized.
Ads must also comply with the Better Ads Standards and not engage in any of the “least preferred ad experiences” as identified by the Coalition for Better Ads.

II.
Ad Creative &amp.
Behavior Policies
Media.net’s platform focuses on sites with premium content.
Advertisements that promote, contain, or link directly to the following types of content shall not be approved.

Adult, Pornographic or any illegal content
Tobacco, ammunition, hazardous substances, illegal drugs
weapons and ads featuring weapons
Ads that promote illicit or harmful activity, including ads that provide “how-to” information on bomb-making, lock-picking, and similar topics
Death, injury or gory content
Ads that promotes crime, hate speech, acts of aggression or other harmful acts that contains profanity and/or discriminates or is offensive to any section of people
Online Piracy, pirating, copyright infringement, and counterfeiting
Armed conflicts, terrorism or is intended to provoke military aggression
Sale of drug paraphernalia and/or illegal drug use, including abuse of prescription drugs prohibited by applicable laws
Graphic or have excessively violent content
Contains disrespectful and harmful treatment of sensitive social topics (e.g.
abortion, extreme political positions)
Targeted harassment of individuals and groups
Promoting File-sharing or torrent sites
Violate any applicable law, regulation, governmental rule or court order or which contain content that is otherwise harmful or illegal
Gambling (online and offline)
Promotion of online pharmacies and the sale of any prescription medication is prohibited.
provided, however, advertising from pharmaceutical manufacturers is allowed to the extent permissible by applicable law, rule or regulation in the jurisdiction(s) where such advertising is targeted
Cannabis ads will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis.
Certain types of brand promotion advertisements for cannabis and cannabis products may be allowed, provided they meet regulatory and geographic guidelines.
Any cannabis ads that contain illegal cannabis-related promotional content (e.g.
appealing to children, promoting an adventurous lifestyle, making health claims, etc.) will be blocked
Cryptocurrencies and related content (including but not limited to initial coin offerings, cryptocurrency exchanges, cryptocurrency wallets, and cryptocurrency trading advice) will be reviewed on a case-by-case-basis
Sale of counterfeit products, imitations of designer or other goods, stolen items or any products that infringe intellectual property rights of other parties
Any other content that we believe in our sole discretion to be illegal

Buyer(s) are also prohibited from sending us ads that:

Automatically redirect the user to a new page or app without user initiation
Automatically refresh
Contain audio in a display ad that auto-plays (without a user click)
Send an SMS message, or initiate a charge, without explicitly notifying a user and requiring a tap or other intentional action
Employ phishing techniques or seek to trick the user into providing sensitive information by misrepresenting the identity of the advertiser
Employ deceptive practices to encourage or trick the user into clicking on the ad
Falsify any user interaction, such as faking clicks
Expand beyond their original size
Initiate a download without consent
Install spyware, trojans, viruses or other malware
Mimic system errors or messages
Pop-up upon banner open or upon page exit



Landing pages


The above mentioned policies also apply to all landing pages.
In addition to these

Landing pages may not attempt to auto-download software without explicit user consent
Landing pages must allow a user to leave the page with normal browser navigation and without spawning a confirmation dialog
Landing pages and/or landing sites may not have the sole or primary purpose of displaying ads

III.
Enforcement
Any user can raise a concern about an Ad that may be violating these policies by contacting Media.net at compliance@media.net.
Media.net has the right to temporarily pause or terminate any ad campaign or Buyer(s) found in violation of these policies at any time.
Ad Campaigns may not commence until Media.net is satisfied that the policy is no longer in violation.



 About 
 Marketplace 
 programmatic 
 contextual ads 
 buyers 
 Careers 
 Press 
 Contact Us 


 AdChoices 
 Do Not Sell My Personal Information 
 Cookies Settings 
 terms of service 


 Policies: 
 inventory policy 
 ad quality policy 
 privacy policy 
 copyright © 2022 media.net all rights reserved By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings Reject All Accept All CookiesContinue without AcceptingPrivacy Preference Center
Your Data Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Data PrivacyWhen you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies.
This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to.
The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience.
Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies.
Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings.
However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More informationStrictly Necessary CookiesAlways ActiveThese cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems.
They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.
You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.
These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.Cookies Details‎Performance Cookies Performance Cookies InactiveThese cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site.
They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.Cookies Details‎Functional Cookies Functional Cookies InactiveThese cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation.
They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.
If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.Cookies Details‎Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies InactiveThese cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners.
They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.
They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device.
If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.Cookies Details‎Back ButtonBack
 Filter ButtonConsent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label
View Third Party Cookies
Namecookie name


Clear checkbox label labelApply CancelConfirm My Choices Allow All
      