

Products
Events
Dashboard
Help
 Contact Us 
 Mediavine 
About

Our Team
Careers


Ad Management
Advertisers

Influencer Marketing
Programmatic


Blog
 Search 
 Apply 
 Menu 
 Privacy Policy Disclaimer:
Mediavine has provided this translation solely as an accommodation to our publishers.
Mediavine does not guarantee the accuracy of the translation.
Please confirm the translation is accurate before use.
Any use of this translation is at your own risk.
Mediavine disclaims any warranties and shall not be responsible for any damages based on your use of this translation.
The following privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) sets forth Mediavine, Inc.’s (“Mediavine” “we” or “us”) policy with respect to information, including personally identifiable data (“Personal Data”) and other information, Mediavine collects from visitors (“you” or “your”) to the Mediavine website located at http://www.mediavine.com/ (the “Website”), including users of the Mediavine Direct platform located at https://sales.mediavine.com/ (“Mediavine Direct”) (collectively the “Sites”), the Mediavine Ad Management service (“Ad Management”), the WordPress plug-in Create (“Create”), the WordPress plug-in Grow (“Grow”), the software service entitled “Grow.me” and Mediavine’s Video Player available for use by its Publishers (as defined herein).
The Sites, Ad Management, Create, Grow, Grow.me and the Video Player are operated by Mediavine and shall be referred to collectively as the “Services.” Mediavine, Inc.
is a corporation formed under the laws of Florida, United States.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information of any kind that we collect by means (including offline means) or from sources other than those specified herein. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND HOW IS IT USED? 
Information You Voluntarily Submit to Us: We collect Personal Data from you when you voluntarily provide such information, such as when you contact us with inquiries, register for access to the Services or use certain Services.
Personal Data may include, but is not limited to, the below:

Your name
Your email address
Your website URL and name
Company name
Phone number
Billing information
Address
Information about your website’s analytics
Date of Birth

Our legal basis for processing this information is your consent, and by voluntarily providing us with Personal Data, you are consenting to our use of it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If you provide Personal Data to us, you acknowledge and agree that such Personal Data may be transferred and stored from your current location to the offices and servers of Mediavine located in the United States and the authorized third parties referenced below.

Information We Collect from Others: We may receive information about you from other trusted sources, such as information that validates or supplements information automatically collected.
We may collect information from third-parties that assist us in serving targeted advertisements, as detailed below.

Automatically-Collected Information: We automatically collect certain information about you and the device with which you access the Website or any of the Services.
For example, when you use the Website, we will log your IP address, operating system type, browser type, referring website, pages you viewed, and the dates/times when you accessed the Website.
We may also collect usage data, which are information about actions you take when using the Website, such as links clicked.
Publishers that utilize Grow or the Video Player may collect your IP address.
If you consent to receiving content recommendations through Grow.me, we will collect your IP address.
We may collect or receive information about you from publishers that are members of the Mediavine Ad Management service (“Publishers”) through our use of cookies.
We (or our third party partners – detailed in the section entitled “Third Party Use of Personal Information”) may also combine and associate this information with information collected about other ads we have served.
This information may include the following:

IP address;
Browser and device information;
Information about how you interact with the Publisher websites.
or
Information about how you interact with ads appearing on Publisher websites.

You may choose whether to receive personalized or unpersonalized ads on Publisher sites.
Depending on your choice, will depend on the data the Publisher collects from you and transfers to us.
Please refer to each Publisher’s site privacy policy for further details.
We do not control the data privacy or protection policies of third parties, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties.
Our legal basis for processing this information is consent of users of the Publisher sites and our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our services, and the legitimate interests of our customers.
You may choose to opt-out of receiving interest-based advertising by visiting the NAI Consumer Opt-Out Website.
Mediavine is not affiliated with, nor has any control over this site.
Users must carefully review its terms of use.

Cookies: We may log information using cookies, which are small data files stored on your browser by the Website, Ad Management, Create, Grow, Grow.me or the Video Player (“Cookies”).
We may use both session cookies, which expire when you close your browser, and persistent cookies, which stay on your browser until deleted, to provide you with a more personalized experience on the Website.
Please see the “Cookie Policy” section below for more information about our use of cookies.
Our legal basis for processing this information is your consent and our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving the Sites and Services. COOKIE POLICY We use, and allow certain other companies to use, Cookies on our Sites and in our Services to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features, to store the saved Publisher Content as a user of Grow or Grow.me, to analyze our traffic, and to recognize your device.
We also share information about your use of our Sites and our Services with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.
This section explains what cookies are, how we use Cookies and similar technologies on our Sites and our Service and what you can do to manage how Cookies are used. What are cookies? A cookie is a small text file which is sent to your computer or mobile device (referred to in this policy as a “device”) by the web server so that a website can remember some information about your browsing activity on the Sites and Service.
The Cookie will collect information relating to your use of our Sites, information about your device such as the device’s IP address and browser type, demographic data and, if you arrived at our Sites and Service via a link from a third party site, the URL of the linking page.
In addition to Cookies, our Sites may use web beacons.
Web beacons allow us to count the number of users who have visited or accessed the Sites and to recognize users by accessing our cookies.
We may employ web beacons to facilitate Site administration and navigation, to track the actions of users of the Sites, to compile aggregate statistics about Site usage and response rates, and to provide an enhanced online experience for visitors to the Sites.
We may also include web beacons in HTML-formatted e-mail messages that we send to determine which e-mail messages were opened.
A web beacon is often invisible because it is only 1 x 1 pixel in size with no color.
A web beacon can also be known as a web bug, 1 by 1 GIF, invisible GIF and tracker GIF. What are the different types of cookies and how do we use them? Essential – These are Cookies which are essential for the running of our Sites and Services.
Without these Cookies, parts of our Sites and Service would not function.
These Cookies do not track where you have been on the internet and do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing purposes.
Examples of how we may use essential Cookies include:

Setting unique identifiers for each unique visitor, so that website numbers can be analyzed.

Functional – These Cookies are used to remember your preferences on our Sites and Services and to provide enhanced, more personal features.
The information collected by these Cookies is usually anonymized, so we cannot identify you personally.
Functional Cookies do not track your internet usage or gather information which could be used for selling advertising.
Examples of how we may use functional Cookies include:

Gathering data about visits to our Sites and Services, including numbers of visitors and visits, length of time spent on the site, pages clicked on or where visitors have come from
Eliminating the need for returning users to re-enter their login details.

Analytical Performance – Analytical performance Cookies are used to monitor the performance of our Sites, for example, to determine the number of page views and the number of unique users our Sites and Services has.
We use this information to improve user experience or identify areas of the Sites and Services which may require maintenance.
The information is anonymous (i.e.
it cannot be used to identify you and does not contain personal information such as your name and email address) and it is only used for statistical purposes.
Examples of how we may use analytical Cookies include:

Measuring users’ behavior
Analyze which pages are viewed and how long for and which links are followed to better develop our Sites and Services

Advertising – Behavioral advertising Cookies, which may be placed on your device by us or our trusted third-party service providers, remember that you have visited a website and use that information to provide you with advertising which is tailored to your interests.
This is often called online behavioral advertising and is done by grouping together shared interests based upon web browsing history.
Your web browsing history can be used to infer things about you (e.g.
your age, gender etc.), and this information may also be used to make advertising on websites more relevant to you.
Although behavioral advertising Cookies can track your activity around the internet, these Cookies cannot identify you personally.
Examples of how we may use advertising Cookies include:

Manage online advertising.
The Services may use Cookies together with web beacons to provide advertising to you on the Publisher Sites and to enable us to manage our relationship with those advertisers by, for example, tracking how many unique users have seen a particular advertisement or followed a link in an advertisement.
To market to specific users across our Sites, the Publisher Sites and third party sites, so that we and third parties can target advertising to users that will be more relevant to users’ interests.

Third Party Cookies – You may notice on some pages of our Sites and Services that Cookies have been set that are not related to us.
When you visit a page with content embedded from, for example, YouTube or Facebook, these third party service providers may set their own Cookies on your device.
We do not control the use of these third party Cookies and cannot access them due to the way that Cookies work, as Cookies can only be accessed by the party who originally set them.
Please check the third party websites for more information about these Cookies. How can you manage or opt-out of cookies? Cookies, including those which have already been set, can be deleted from your hard drive.
You can also change the preferences/settings in your web browser to control Cookies.
In some cases, you can choose to accept Cookies from the primary site, but block them from third parties.
In others, you can block Cookies from specific advertisers, or clear out all Cookies.
Deleting or blocking Cookies may reduce functionality of the Sites and the Services.
To learn more about how to reject Cookies, visit www.allaboutcookies.org or go to the help menu within your internet browser.
If you experience any problems having deleted Cookies, you should contact the supplier of your web browser.
Opting out of Analytical Performance Cookies
If you would like to opt out of Analytics Cookies, please do so by clicking on the links below:Google Analytics: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Opting out of Behavioral Advertising Cookies
If you would like more information about how to opt out of interest-based advertising in desktop and mobile browsers on a particular device, please visit http://optout.aboutads.info/#/ and http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#.
You may download the AppChoices app at http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices to opt out in connection with mobile apps, or use the platform controls on your mobile device to opt out. HOW YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE USED We, and our subsidiaries and affiliates (the “Related Companies”), may use the information collected in the following ways:

To operate and maintain the Sites, Ad Management, Create, Grow, Grow.me or the Video Player;
To provide and maintain the Sites, Ad Management, Create, Grow, Grow.me or the Video Player;
To provide the Services;
To gather analysis to improve our Sites, Ad Management, Create, Grow, Grow.me or the Video Player;
To send you promotional information, such as newsletters.
Each email promotion will provide information on how to opt-out of future mailings;
To send you administrative communications, such as administrative emails, confirmation emails, technical notices, updates on policies, or security alerts;
To respond to your comments or inquiries;
To provide you with user support;
To protect, investigate, and deter against unauthorized or illegal activity.

In connection with the Ad Management services, we use the information to provide personalized advertisements to users of Publisher sites.
We also monitor and provide information related to activities you may take in connection with the ads served through the Ad Management services, such as clicks or views.
We will use your information to detect fraud and maintain security and to improve our services.
Users of Grow.me must provide a valid email address to access the service.
By using Grow.me, you agree that Mediavine may utilize your email address to display personalized ad content on any Publisher website that you view while you are signed in to the Grow.me service.
You also consent to receive email communications which may contain suggested personalized content that has been compiled based on content you may have viewed and/or favorited using Grow.me.
If you consent to receive the suggested personalized content recommendations, Mediavine will also collect your IP address.

Non-Identifiable Data: When you interact with Mediavine through the Services, we receive and store certain personally non-identifiable information.
Such information, which is collected passively using various technologies, cannot presently be used to specifically identify you.
Mediavine may store such information itself or such information may be included in databases owned and maintained by Mediavine affiliates, agents, or service providers.
The Services may use such information and pool it with other information to track, for example, user behavior in connection with personalized ads.
It is important to note that no Personal Data is available or used in this process.

Aggregated Personal Data: In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of the Services, Mediavine often conducts research on its customer demographics, interests and behavior based on the Personal Data and other information provided to us.
This research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, and Mediavine may share this aggregate data with its affiliates, agents and business partners.
This aggregate information does not identify you personally.
Mediavine may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.
From time to time, the Sites may engage in remarketing efforts with third-party companies, such as Google, Facebook, or Instagram, in order to market the Sites.
These companies use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Sites.
For more information about Google Ads, check your Google Ad settings.

Newsletters.
On the Website, you may subscribe to our newsletter, which may be used for advertising purposes.
All newsletters sent may contain tracking pixels.
The pixel is embedded in emails and allows an analysis of the success of online marketing campaigns.
Because of these tracking pixels, we may see if and when you open an email and which links within the email you click.
Also, this allows the Website to adapt the content of future newsletters to the interests of the user.
This behavior will not be passed on to third parties. THIRD-PARTY USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION Mediavine may share your Personal Data with certain third as set forth below:

Third Party Vendors: We may share your information with third party vendors or service providers who help us provide the Services or the Website, including database hosting and data processing services, and assist us in responding to requests by you for information that you request.
Please see our list of data processors above for more specifics.

Parent Companies and Affiliates: We may share your information with a parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (collectively, “Affiliates”), provided that we require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy.

Business Transfers: As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets.
In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personal Data may be part of the transferred assets.
We may also share Personal Data with potential buyers.
Usually, information will be anonymized, but this may not always be possible.
The recipient of the information will be bound by confidentiality obligations.

Related Companies: We may also share your Personal Data with our Related Companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.

Third Parties with Permission: We may share your information with third parties to whom you ask us to send your information.

Agents, Consultants, and Related Third Parties: Mediavine, like many businesses, sometimes hires other companies to perform certain business-related functions.
Examples of such functions include mailing information, maintaining databases and processing payments.
When we employ another entity to perform a function of this nature, we only provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function.

Legal Requirements: Mediavine may disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation or to respond to requests from law enforcement or other government officials relating to investigations or alleged illegal activity or in connection with our own investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity, in which case we may (and you hereby authorize us to) disclose information without subpoenas or warrants served on us, (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of Mediavine, (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Sites or the public, (iv) protect against legal liability including to resolve disputes, investigate problems, or enforce our Customer contracts.
The Website currently uses the following third-party service providers:

Google Analytics – this service tracks Website usage and provides information such as referring websites and user actions on the Website.
Google Analytics may capture your IP address, but no other personal information is captured by Google Analytics.
Mailchimp – this service is used for delivery of email updates and newsletters.
We store your name and email address for purposes of delivering such communications.
Mailchimp’s use of your personal information is subject to Mailchimp’s privacy policy.
Google Forms – this service is used to gather information for applications to the Mediavine Ad Management Service.
Google’s use of your personal information is subject to Google’s privacy policy.
Airtable Forms – this service is used to gather information for surveys related to publisher opinion for customers of Grow.me, Grow Social Pro, Create, Trellis, and Mediavine Ad Management Service.
Airtable’s use of your personal information is subject to Airtable’s privacy policy.
Stripe – this service is used to serve our ecommerce platform through Mediavine Direct.
At no time is your banking information passed to the Website.
We receive only information used for order fulfillment.
Stripe’s use of your personal information is subject to Stripe’s privacy policy.
Workable – this service is used to collect information for candidates seeking employment with Mediavine.
Workable’s use of your personal information is subject to Workable’s privacy policy.
Intercom – this service is used for third-party communications.
Intercom’s use of your personal information is subject to Intercom’s privacy policy.
At this time, your personal information is not shared with any other third-party applications.
This list may be amended from time to time in the Website’s sole discretion.

Except when required by law, we will not sell, distribute, or reveal your email addresses or other personal information without your consent.
however, we may disclose or transfer personal information collected through the Website to third parties who acquire all or a portion of our business, which may be the result of a merger, consolidation, or purchase of all or a portion of our assets, or in connection with any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding brought by or against us.
Mediavine partners with the following data processors to provide some or all of the Services.
Please see each partner’s privacy policies, as provided herein, for more information.
We and/or our partners may collect the following information:

Pubmatic.
You may find Pubmatic’s privacy policy through this link.
The data collected on any Mediavine publisher website may be transferred to Pubmatic and its demand partners for interest-based advertising.
Statistical information and other non-cookie technologies (such as eTags and web or browser cache) may be used by third parties on any Mediavine publisher website.
Browser settings that block cookies may have no effect on these technologies, but you may clear your cache to delete such trackers.
Data collected from a particular browser or device may be used with another computer or device that is linked to the browser or device on which such data was collected.
Criteo.
You may find Criteo’s privacy policy through this link.
The data collected on any Mediavine publisher website may be transferred to Criteo and its demand partners for interest-based advertising.
Criteo may collect, access, and use non-identifying data to improve the Criteo Technology and other Criteo products, programs, and/or services.
This non-identifying data may include on-site user behavior and user/page content data, URLs, statistics, or internal search queries.
The non-identifying data are collected through the ad call and stored with a Criteo cookie for a maximum period of 13 months.
Pulsepoint.
You may find Pulsepoint’s privacy policy through this link.
LiveRamp.
You may find LiveRamp’s privacy policy through this link.
When you visit any Mediavine publisher website or utilize Grow.me, the publisher shares information that the publisher collects from you, such as your email (in hashed form), IP address or information about your browser or operating system, with the publisher’s partner/service provider, LiveRamp Inc.
LiveRamp returns an online identification code that the publisher may store in the publisher’s first-party cookie for its use in online and cross-channel advertising and it may be shared with advertising companies to enable interest-based and targeted advertising.
To opt out of this use, please click here (https://optout.liveramp.com/opt_out).
To opt out of LiveRamp’s targeted advertising, please go here: https://liveramp.com/opt_out/
RhythmOne.
You may view RhythmOne’s privacy policy through this link.
RhythmOne uses cookies and similar tracking technologies (such as mobile device identifiers and digital fingerprinting) to provide its services.
RhythmOne may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to any Mediavine publisher website in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please visit the following webpage: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
District M.
You may find District M’s privacy policy through this link.
YieldMo.
You may find YieldMo’s privacy policy through this link.
If you want to opt out of receiving interest based ads from Yieldmo or exercise your right under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, you may do so through this link.
The Rubicon Project.
You may find Rubicon’s privacy policy through this link.
If you want to opt out of receiving interest based ads from Rubicon or exercise your right under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, you may do so through this link.
You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page.
Amazon Publisher Services.
You may find Amazon Publisher Services’ privacy policy through this link.
AppNexus.
You may find the AppNexus privacy policy through this link.
OpenX.
You may find OpenX’s privacy policy through this link.
Verizon Media formerly known as Oath.
You may find Verizon Media’s privacy policy through this link.
You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page to opt-out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising.
TripleLift.
You may find TripleLift’s privacy policy through this link.
To opt out of receiving interest-based advertising (including retargeting) from TripleLift’s services through the use of cookies in your current browser and for more information on what it means to opt-out, please go to www.triplelift.com/consumer-opt-out.
Index Exchange.
You may find Index Exchange’s privacy policy through this link.
You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page to opt-out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising.
Sovrn.
You may find Sovrn’s privacy policy through this link.
GumGum.
You may find GumGum’s privacy policy through this link.
GumGum may (i) use place and use cookies on end users’ browsers or use web beacons to collect information about end users who visit Mediavine publisher websites and (ii) link such collected end user information to other end user information provided by third parties in order to deliver targeted Advertisements to such end users.
Digital Remedy.
You may find Digital Remedy’s privacy policy through this link.
MediaGrid.
You may find MediaGrid’s privacy policy through this link.
MediaGrid may collect and store information about end-user interactions with any Mediavine publisher website through cookies, advertising IDS, pixels and server-to-server connections.
MediaGrid may receive the following information: the page an End-User has requested and the referring/exit pages.
Timestamp information (i.e., the date and time the End-User has visited the page).
IP address.
mobile device identifier.
device model.
device operating system.
browser type.
carrier.
gender.
age.
geolocation (including GPS coordinates).
clickstream data.
cookie information.
first-party identifiers’.
and hashed email addresses.
demographic and inferred interest information.
and post-conversion data (from both online and offline behaviour).
Some of this data is gathered from Mediavine publisher websites and others is gathered from advertisers.
MediaGrid uses this data to provide its services.
You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page to opt-out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising or review their privacy policy for more information.
RevContent – You may find RevContent’s privacy policy through this link.
RevContent may collect information about your browser or device, including browser type, IP Address, device type, user agent string, and operating system.
RevContent also collects information about the websites you visit through their services, such as date and time of access and specific pages accessed and the content and ads you click on.
You may opt-out of any personalization track by opting-out of RevContent’s data collection.
Centro, Inc.
– You may find Centro’s privacy policy through this link.
You may find opt-out information for Centro’s services through the privacy policy link.
33Across, Inc.
– You may find 33Across’s privacy policy through this link.
To opt-out of personalized advertising, please visit https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1.
Conversant.
LLC – You may find Conversant’s privacy policy through this link.
Conversant uses information that does not directly identify you, such as information about your browser type, time and date of visit, your browsing or transaction activity, the subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, and a unique identifier (such as a cookie string, or a unique advertising identifier provided by your mobile device) during your visits to this and other websites and apps in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you.
Conversant may use technologies such as cookies and other tracking technologies to collect this information.
To learn more about interest-based advertising, or to opt-out, you can visit www.youronlinechoices.eu or https://www.networkadvertising.org/.
Proctor and Gamble Company – Proctor and Gamble Company collects data for purposes of serving targeted advertisements, such as details of pages the device has requested, location of the user, including country, state, DMA and postal code where applicable, a cookie identifier, app device identifiers, and/or any other browser or app related properties, and purchase signals, age, and gender.
For more information on how P&G handles this data, visit P&G’s privacy policy.
To opt-out of interest based advertising, please use this link.
NextRoll – Third-party companies may use Non-Cookie Technologies to recognize end-user device for the purpose of interest-based advertising.
These technologies may be used directly on Mediavine Publisher websites and in an end user’s web browser, or to present advertisements in third-party applications or other platforms, search engines or web-browsers (i.e., “cross- device and cross-app advertising”).
End-users can opt-out of Non-Cookie Technologies used by this application by turning on “Limit Ad Tracking” in the Privacy settings of any end-user iOS device.
Further information on changing privacy settings and opting out on mobile devices can be found on the NAI opt-out page at: https://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile- choice, and additional information about interest-based advertising (IBA) can be found on the DAA’s website at: http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1 For more information on how NextRoll handles this data, please visit NextRoll’s privacy policy.
Smart AdServer.
You may find Smart AdServer’s privacy policy through this link.
Smart AdServer uses cookies, tags and mobile SDKs to collect data from users, including IP address, browser type, mobile geolocation, and timestamp on ad call.
To see the purposes for the data that Smart AdServer collects and how to opt-out, please refer to Smart AdServer’s privacy policy and opt-out link.
Improve Digital.
You may find Improve Digital’s privacy through this link.
Improve Digital uses cookies to establish a bid request.
Improve Digital may also collect browser information and IP address, among other things.
Please see the privacy policy for more information.
Recombee.
You may find Recombee’s privacy policy through this link.
Recombee collects the IP address of Grow.me users with consent to provide personalized content recommendations.
 RIGHTS RELATED TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION Under laws in certain countries in which we operate, customers and other visitors to our Website from those countries have a right to access Personal Data about themselves, and to amend, correct or delete Personal Data that is inaccurate, incomplete or outdated.
We will, upon request, provide you with confirmation regarding whether we are processing Personal Data about you, consistent with applicable law.
In addition, upon your request, we will take reasonable steps to correct, amend, or delete your Personal Data that is found to be inaccurate, incomplete or processed in a manner non-compliant with this Privacy Policy or applicable law, except where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to your privacy, where the rights of persons other than you would be violated or where doing so is otherwise consistent with applicable law.
Unless prohibited by applicable law, we reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee to cover costs for providing copies of Personal Information that you request.
Please note that while any amendments, corrections or deletions will be reflected in active user databases (as updated with a reasonable period of time), we may retain all Personal Data for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, and satisfaction of other legal obligations we reasonably believe applicable.
You authorize us to use and disclose any new or modified information that you provide in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and you agree that we are under no obligation to delete or modify information that you have previously chosen to provide us as to which you have not instructed us to take such action.
Please remember, however, that if we have already disclosed some of your Personal Data to third parties, we cannot access that Personal Data any longer and cannot force the deletion or modification of any such information by the parties to whom we have made those disclosures.
We may retain your Personal Data to comply with laws, prevent fraud, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our contracts, and take other actions otherwise permitted by law.

Please contact us at webmaster@mediavine.com to submit a request or obtain information regarding any of the above.

LEGAL BASES FOR PROCESSING DATA UNDER THE GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (“GDPR”)
Below are the types of lawful basis that we will rely on to process your Personal Data:

Legitimate Interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience.
We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your Personal Data for our legitimate interests.
We do not use your Personal Data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us at webmaster@mediavine.com.
Performance of Contract means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation means processing your Personal Data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject.
Consent means where you have consented to a certain use of your Personal Data.
Vital Interest means processing your Personal Data to protect the vital interests of the data subject or another natural person

How to File a GDPR Complaint.
We hope that we can resolve any query or concern you raise about our use of your information.
The General Data Protection Regulation also gives you the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in the European Union (or European Economic Area) state where you work, normally live, or where any alleged infringement of data protection laws occurred.
WHERE YOUR PERSONAL DATA IS HELD.
Personal Data may be held at our offices and those of our affiliates, parent or related companies, third party agencies, service providers, representatives and agents as described below (see “Third Party Use of Personal Information”).
Some of these third parties may be based outside the European Economic Area.
For more information, including on how we safeguard your personal information when this occurs, see below.
TRANSFERRING YOUR PERSONAL DATA OUT OF THE EEA

To provide the Website or deliver products or services to you, it is necessary for us to share your Personal Data outside the European Economic Area (EEA), eg:

With our offices outside the EEA;
With your and our service providers located outside the EEA;

These transfers are subject to special rules under European and UK Data protection law.
We rely upon consent for such transfer and following the standard data protection clauses.

CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS

California Residents: Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2019 (“CCPA”), you have certain rights with respect to your personal information.
For the purposes of this section, personal information is used as defined in the CCPA.
Mediavine reserves the right to verify all requests made pursuant to the CCPA.

Access and Disclosure

You may make a verifiable request that we disclose the categories of personal information we have collected about you, the categories of sources of the personal information we collected about you, the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the personal information, the categories of third parties with whom we share your personal information, our use of the personal information and if the personal information was disclosed or sold to third parties, including the categories of personal information sold or disclosed.
You also have the right to make a verifiable request for a copy of the personal information collected about you for the twelve (12) months prior to the date of your request.
To see any categories of personal information we have sold in the last twelve (12) months, please refer to the section listed above detailing the information we send to our partners.

Deletion Request Rights

You have the right to request that Mediavine delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the personal information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:

Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal.
Penal Code § 1546 et.
seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.


Children Under 16

We do not sell the personal information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the “right to opt-in”) from either the consumer who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13 years of age.

No Discrimination

We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights.
Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:

Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.


Exercising Your Rights

To exercise the access, disclosure and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable request to us by either (1) calling 888-705-1246.
(2) emailing privacy@mediavine.com or sending us a written request to 160 W.
Camino Real #504, Boca Raton, Florida 33432 Attn: CCPA.
You may only make a verifiable request for access or disclosure twice within a 12-month period.
You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
The verifiable consumer request must:

Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.

To respond to your request or provide you with personal information, Mediavine must verify your identity or your authority to make the request.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
For instructions on exercising sale opt-out rights, please refer to the Do Not Sell My Personal Information Link provided on each Publisher’s website.
Once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve (12) months before asking you to reauthorize personal information sales.
However, you may change your mind and opt back in to personal information sales at any time by e-mailing us at privacy@mediavine.com Consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time.

Timing

We will respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt.
If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable request’s receipt.
The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. HOW LONG WILL YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION BE KEPT We will keep your personal information while you have an account with us or we are providing products or services to you.
Thereafter, we will keep your personal information for as long as is necessary:

To respond to any questions, complaints or claims made by you or on your behalf;
To show that we treated you fairly.
and
To keep records required by law.

We will not retain your personal information for longer than necessary for the purposes set outin this Privacy Policy.
Different retention periods apply for different types of personalinformation.
When it is no longer necessary to retain your personal information, we will delete or anonymize it.
SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION
Unless you choose to provide it to us, we do not collect sensitive personal information from you using the Sites.
Sensitive information includes your social security number, information regarding race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, health information, criminal background, or trade union memberships.
If you elect to submit such information to us, it will be subject to this Privacy Policy.

Children

Mediavine does not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 16.
If you are under the age of 16, please do not submit any Personal Data through the Sites or the Services.
We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Data on the Sites or Services without their permission.
If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 16 has provided Personal Data to Mediavine through the Sites or Services, please contact us immediately at webmaster@mediavine.com, and we will use our best efforts to promptly remove that information from our databases.

Arbitration

This Privacy Policy will be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida.
Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to the Privacy Policy, or the breach thereof, shall be settled by arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) under its Commercial Arbitration Rules, and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
The place of any such arbitration shall be in or near Palm Beach County, Florida.
The parties also agree that the AAA Optional Rules for Emergency Measures of Protection shall apply to the proceedings.

Links to Other Web Sites

This Privacy Policy applies only to the Sites, Ad Management, Create, Grow, Grow.me and the Video Player.
The Sites, Ad Management, Create, Grow, Grow.me and the Video Player may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by Mediavine (the “Third-Party Sites”).
The policies and procedures described here do not apply to the Third-Party Sites.
The links from the Sites do not imply that Mediavine endorses or has reviewed the Third-Party Sites.
We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies.

Email Communications

If you send us an email with questions or comments, we may use your personally identifiable information to respond to your questions or comments, and we may save your questions or comments for future reference.
For security reasons, we do not recommend that you send non-public personal information, such as passwords, social security numbers, or bank account information, to us by email.
You may “opt out” of receiving future commercial email communications from us by clicking the “unsubscribe” link included at the bottom of most emails we send, or as provided below.
provided, however, we reserve the right to send you transactional emails such as customer service communications.

Other Terms and Conditions

Your access to and use of the Sites, Ad Management, Create, Grow, Grow.me, the Video Player and Services may also be subject to any separate agreements or terms and conditions you have signed or agreed to with Mediavine.
Please refer to those agreements as needed.
If you have questions or concerns about an ad on a Publisher website or have a question about that website’s data collection, please refer to that website’s privacy policy or contact us at webmaster@mediavine.com.
Regardless of any other provision in this Privacy Policy, we reserve the right to disclose any personally identifiable or non-personally identifiable information about you to: (a) fulfill a government request.
(b) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process.
(c) protect or defend our legal rights or property, our Sites, or other users.
or (d) protect, in an emergency, the health and safety of our customers or the general public.
This includes exchanging information with third parties and organizations in connection with credit risk reduction and fraud protection.

Changes to Mediavine’s Privacy Policy

The Sites may change from time to time.
As a result, at times it may be necessary for Mediavine to make changes to this Privacy Policy.
Mediavine reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice.
Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any Personal Data.
Your continued use of the Sites after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.

Access to Information.
Contacting Mediavine:

To keep your Personal Data accurate, current, and complete, please contact us as specified below.
We will take reasonable steps to update or correct Personal Data in our possession that you have previously submitted via the Sites.
To unsubscribe from any communications, please contact us at the email address below.
Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about Mediavine’s Privacy Policy or the information practices of the Sites.
You may contact us as follows:webmaster@mediavine.com
Last updated: April 14, 2021  Select LanguageAfrikaansAlbanianAmharicArabicArmenianAzerbaijaniBasqueBelarusianBengaliBosnianBulgarianCatalanCebuanoChichewaChinese (Simplified)Chinese (Traditional)CorsicanCroatianCzechDanishDutchEsperantoEstonianFilipinoFinnishFrenchFrisianGalicianGeorgianGermanGreekGujaratiHaitian CreoleHausaHawaiianHebrewHindiHmongHungarianIcelandicIgboIndonesianIrishItalianJapaneseJavaneseKannadaKazakhKhmerKinyarwandaKoreanKurdish (Kurmanji)KyrgyzLaoLatinLatvianLithuanianLuxembourgishMacedonianMalagasyMalayMalayalamMalteseMaoriMarathiMongolianMyanmar (Burmese)NepaliNorwegianOdia (Oriya)PashtoPersianPolishPortuguesePunjabiRomanianRussianSamoanScots GaelicSerbianSesothoShonaSindhiSinhalaSlovakSlovenianSomaliSpanishSundaneseSwahiliSwedishTajikTamilTatarTeluguThaiTurkishTurkmenUkrainianUrduUyghurUzbekVietnameseWelshXhosaYiddishYorubaZuluPowered by Translate 




Dashboard
Help
Team
Newsroom
Products
Enterprise
Shine


Mediavine Live
SEO Like A CEO
Careers
Status Page
Contact Us
We Stand With You
COVID-19 Resources
 Subscribe for Updates Submit  160 W.
Camino Real #504 Boca Raton, FL 33432 888-705-1246 

 LinkedIn 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Instagram 
 YouTube 


 Privacy Policy 
 Terms and Conditions 
 © 2021 Mediavine 
 Mediavine Close 
About
Ad Management
Advertisers
Blog
Our Team
Careers
Products
Shine


Mediavine Live
Enterprise
Events
Dashboard
Status Page
Help
Contact Us
COVID-19 Resources
We Stand With You
 Subscribe for Updates Submit  160 W.
Camino Real #504 Boca Raton, FL 33432 888-705-1246 

 Privacy Policy 
 Terms and Conditions 
 © 2021 Mediavine 
 Original textContribute a better translation
      