
This website stores cookies on your computer.
These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you.
We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media.
To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy. Got It | Enterprise Direct Marketing Developer Lookups 
 | Sign In | 1-800-MELISSA 




 My Account 
 Sign In My Account Buy Credits 
 Explore Melissa 
 Enterprise Direct Developer Lookups 
 Countries 
 United States Canada Italy India Mexico Singapore Philippines Australia Germany United Kingdom 
 Products 
 Data Verification 
 Data Quality Suite (APIs) 
 Address Verification 
 Address Autocomplete 
 Change of Address/NCOA 
 Identity Verification 
 ID &amp.
Document Verification 
 Unison Customer Data Management 
 Name Verification 
 Email Verification 
 Phone Verification 
 Matching / Deduplication 
 Master Address Table &amp.
Data Sets 
 USPS Presort 
 Data Enrichment 
 Geocoding 
 IP Location 
 Identity Matching 
 Consumer Demographics 
 Business Firmographics 
 Property &amp.
Mortgage 
 Property Hazard 
 Email &amp.
Phone Append 
 Ecosystems 
 Microsoft SQL Server 
 Microsoft Excel 
 Microsoft Dynamics CRM 
 Oracle Peoplesoft 
 Oracle JD Edwards Enterprise One 
 Oracle E-Business Suite 
 Salesforce 
 Talend 
 Pentaho 
 Semarchy 
 Delivery Options 
 Contact Zone Data Quality Software 
 Cloud &amp.
On-Premises APIs 
 Cloud Services (SaaS) 
 Unison Customer Data Management 
 Data Integration Tools 
 CRM Plugins 
 Ecommerce Platform Plugins 
 Product Spotlight Unison – Customer Data Validation Platform One platform for complete data quality.
No programming required.
Schedule jobs, collaboration, data visualization + more.
Show Me a Demo
 Resource Spotlight The Build vs Buy Challenge Learn the guidelines and considerations to determine when data quality is best addressed in-house, with off-the-shelf solutions, or both.
Read Now
 Product Index 
 Solutions 
 Technology Solutions 
Data Quality
Data Management
Data Enhancement 
Healthcare Data Quality 
 Industry Solutions 
Healthcare
Government &amp.
Public Sector
CRM
Banks &amp.
Financial Institutions
Ecommerce
Utilities, Transportation &amp.
Logistics
Mailing &amp.
Shipping
Real Estate
Insurance
 Resource Spotlight The Build vs Buy Challenge Learn the guidelines and considerations to determine when data quality is best addressed in-house, with off-the-shelf solutions, or both.
Read Now
 Product Index 
 Services 

 Services 
Consulting
Service Bureau
 Listware 
Online
Excel
Desktop



 Pricing 
 Product &amp.
Service Pricing Purchase Credits 
 Support 
 Global Support Centers Quickstart Guides Product Support Wiki Report an address Uptime Status Dashboard Product News &amp.
Updates Result Codes Data Coverage by Country MAK (Melissa Address Key) 
 More 
 About Melissa Partners Resources Blogs Videos Address Experts E-Commerce ROI Calculator 
 Request Demo 
 Account Hub 
Sign In
 My Account Buy Credits I Want To 
 Build a List Create a targeted list of prospects for your next campaign.
Please select list...
Businesses Consumers Saturation/Occupants Property Owners New Homeowners New Movers 
 Clean a List CASS/DPV process, NCOA and dedupe mailing lists for postage savings.
Get Started 
 Enhance a List Add emails, phones, geographic and demographic info for better target marketing.
Get Started 

 Select Your Country  United States Canada Italy India Mexico Singapore Philippines Australia Germany United Kingdom Netherlands Belgium Luxembourg France  Languages 

 Vietnamese 
 Bulgarian 
 Czech 


 Persian 
 Romanian 
 Russian 


 Korean 
 Chinese 


 Hindi 
 Tagalog 






Terms of Use
 Terms Of Use 
Use of Materials on the Melissa Web site
 Unless otherwise specified, you may view and download the materials on this web site only for your personal, informational, and noncommercial purposes, provided that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original materials on any copies of the materials.
You may not modify the materials on this website in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, post, transmit, distribute or otherwise use them for any public or commercial purpose without written permission by Melissa.


Use of Downloadable Software
 Any software that may be downloaded from this website is licensed subject to the terms of the applicable license agreement.
Except for rights granted pursuant to such license agreement, Melissa reserves all intellectual property rights, title and interest in such software.


Third Party Descriptions
 This website contains information concerning various third parties (often referred to as "partners") who offer products or services compatible with Melissa products.
This information is provided for your convenience only.
Melissa is not responsible for and does not warrant any third party product or service or the accuracy of any description.


Trademark Information
 Melissa, MAILERS+4, Address Object, and MatchUp Object are registered trademarks.
and the Melissa logo is a trademark of Melissa, Inc.

 Other trademarks, logos, and service marks ("Marks") displayed on this Site are the property of Melissa, Inc., the United States Postal Service, or other third parties.
You are not permitted to use the Marks without the prior written consent of Melissa or such third party that may own the Marks.


Linking to Melissa's Web Site
 Melissa permits linking to the Melissa's web site after a review and approval of the linker's site by Melissa, as well as subject to the linker's compliance with the following terms and conditions: 
 A site that links to Melissa's web site: 

Must agree to the condition that Melissa is not under any obligation to place reciprocal links on the Melissa web site.
May link to, but not replicate, content contained in Melissa's site;
Must not create a border environment or browser around content	contained in Melissa's site;
Must not present misleading or false information about Melissa	Data's services or products;
Must not misrepresent Melissa's relationship with the	linker;
Must not imply that Melissa is endorsing or sponsoring the linker or the linker's services or products;
Must not use Melissa's logos or trade dress without prior	written permission from Melissa;
Must not contain content that could be construed as obscene, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, or inappropriate for all ages;
Must not contain materials that would violate any laws;
Must agree that the link may be removed at any time upon Melissa's request pursuant to Melissa's reserved rights to rescind its consent to allow the link.


Changes to these Terms of Use
 Melissa may at any time revise these Terms of Use by updating this posting.
You are bound by any such revisions.


Disclaimer of Warranty
 Information on this web site may be changed or updated without notice, may contain factual inaccuracies or typographical errors, or be incomplete or out of date.
Melissa may make changes and/or improvements in the products described in this web site at any time without notice.
Except as otherwise expressly provided in a written agreement between you and Melissa, all materials provided at this web site are provided "as is" without warranties of any kind.

 In no event shall Melissa be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages or damages from business interruption or loss of profits, revenue, data or use, arising from your access to, or use of, this web site or any other linked website.


Applicable Laws
 This web site is controlled by Melissa from its offices in Rancho Santa Margarita, California.
Melissa makes no representation that materials at this web site are appropriate or available for use outside of the United States and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited.
Those who access this site from other jurisdictions do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.

 Any dispute arising out of or in connection with the use or access or otherwise related to this website shall be finally settled by a competent court of California.


Copyright Notice
 Copyright© 1985 - 2013 Melissa, Inc., 22382 Avenida Empresa, Rancho Santa Margarita, CA 92688-2112.
All rights reserved.


 22382 Avenida Empresa  Rancho Santa Margarita, CA 92688 
 1-800-635-4772 
 info@melissa.com 
 Melissa Global 
 Melissa Direct 
 Melissa Developer 
 Melissa Lookups 


 Site Map 
 Privacy 
 Trademarks 
 Terms 
 Mail Preference 
 Glossary 
 Videos 
 Address Experts 


 Copyright 2021 by Melissa Inc.
All Rights Reserved.
Your Country and IP Address: DE, 37.120.165.131 CA Residents only:&nbsp.
Do not sell my personal information 










