

 Subscribe 
 Support 
 Community 


 Sign In 
 Sign Up 


 Melobytes AI computer music videos

 Subscribe 
 Community 


 Sign In 
 Sign Up 


 Artificial Intelligence 
AI Become a singer New 
AI Celebrities recognition 
AI Image recognition 
AI Image to song 
AI Image to sound 
AI Text detection in image 
Melobytes AI music New 
Melobytes AI song New 


 Music composition 
Audio DJ 
Become a rapper 
Convert date to music 
Image / Video to Music 
Melobytes (text to song) (procedurally generated music) 
Melobytes Pro (text to song) 
Subtitles to Movie 
Text to rap song 
Voice Recording to Song 


 Voice Composition 
SSML text to sing New 
Text to phonetics 
Text to Speech 
Text to Speech Pro 


 Algorithmic music 
Chord Progression Generator 
Chord Progression Generator (pro) 
Happy birthday song New 
Sequences of riffs 
Wind chimes 


 Lyrics 
Bars 
Lyrics Analysis 
Random lyrics New 
Random Word 
Rhymes 
Syllabication 


 Conversions 
Convert Text Case 
Number in words 


 Image - Video 
Cartoonizer 
Hide eyes - Anonymize face 
Hide text from image 
Image to ASCII Art 
Random video files mix 
Red eyes fix 
Video to ASCII Art 
Video to cartoon 


 Language 
Alphabetical Sorting 
Anagrammer 
Antonyms 
Crossword Solver 
Encryption 
Online Spell Checker 
Puns 
Synonyms 
Text Analysis 
Text Compare 


 File conversions 
Audio files converter 
Audio or image spectrogram 
Audio tracks mix New 
Image files converter 
Video files converter 


 Midi 
Become a midi singer New 
Create midi part 
MIDI file info 
MIDI Singer 
MIDI to Karaoke New 
 Terms of Use 
Preamble 
This document describes the Terms of Use for the services provided by GARDOS SOFTWARE LTD (the “Company” from now on) for the website melobytes.com.

Usage of this website constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use described herein.



Privacy 
Your privacy is important to us, and so is being transparent about how we collect, and use information about you.

Your personal data and how we use them 
The following data are being collected in order to create an account on our website 
Email address 
Your email address is necessary in order for you to sign in on our website 
We will use your email address in order to send you important alerts concerning your account such as a License expiring, Password change request, Payment made, Invoices etc.

We will only send you promotional Newsletters if you have accepted (checked the appropriate checkbox) to receive them when you signed up 


Password 
Your password is stored securely in a non-readable format (Technical term: Salted Password Hashing) for the sole purpose of your authentication.



IP Address 
Your IP Address is stored for security and statistical reasons.



Browser Information 
Your Browser information is stored for security and statistical reasons.





All or some of the following personal data may be collected, when you make a payment on our website 
Full Name, Company Name, Billing Address, Phone number, TAX Registration Number, TAX Registration Office, Occupation 
We only use these data for billing and invoicing reasons




Personal data collected when using our Apps 
Our website provides a collection of online applications (“Apps” for short).
Our users use these Apps by inputting a set of data (that may be personal or not), the Apps are processing that data, per user request, and generate a set of dynamic results for the user.

Due to the dynamic nature of our Apps, we cannot predict nor control what personal data will be inputted by our users.

We are not using these data to gather personal information.

We are not sharing these data to any third-party.

We may use some of these data internally in order to identify and solve challenging experiences and errors that our users may encounter 
All data submitted &amp.
generated, are being automatically deleted after 48 hours.





Protection of personal data 
We are using industry standard measures in order to protect your personal data.

We are using strong encryption (TLS) on all sections of our website 
We are using strong encryption (AES) on 
Data in transit 
Data at rest 
Backups


We are restricting access to all of our infrastructure and management systems using strong passwords and Multi-factor authentication.





Data Retention 
We will store your account data (email, password, etc.) as long as your account is active.

All data submitted and generated to and from our Apps, are being automatically deleted after 48 hours.

Data shared using the "Share" feature of our Apps, may be stored as long as your account is active.
We retain the right to delete these data without notice if we deem it necessary.



Transfers of data 
All data is stored in the European Union and the United States of America, at the Amazon Web Services facilities.



The rights of Users 
Users can exercise the following rights 
Data deletion 
Users have the right to request their account to be deleted including all personal data that they may have provided 
The account deletion procedure can be initiated by the user, by using the corresponding option in the Account section ("Account" -&gt.
"Delete your account") 


Data export 
Users have the right to receive all of their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format 
In order for users to request data export, they must contact us by email with their request.
We respond to all enquiries within 15 days.







Age restriction 
You must be at least 16 years old to use our services.





Cookies 
The Company uses cookies in order to provide its services.
What are cookies 
Cookies are small pieces of text sent by your web browser when you visit a website.
A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows our website or a third-party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and our services more useful to you.



What cookies are being used? 
 Essential cookies 
Those cookies are critical to the functionality of our website.
Without those cookies we would not be able to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of our service.

By using this website, you consent to the use of Essential cookies.


 Third-party cookies 
We use cookies from the following third-parties for remarketing, advertising and analytics purposes 
Google Ads (Analytics, Remarketing) Google Privacy policy, Google Terms of Use
Google Adsense (Analytics, Advertisement) Google Privacy policy, Google Terms of Use
Google Analytics (Analytics) Google Privacy policy, Google Terms of Use 
Twitter (Remarketing, Advertisement) Twitter Privacy Twitter Terms of Service 
Facebook (Remarketing, Advertisement, Comments) Facebook Terms of Use Facebook Privacy Policy 


The purpose of those third-party cookies are to grow our service &amp.
audience.
With those cookies we are able to track the usage of our service, advertise to our visitors over the internet, find audiences similar to our existing users and track the efficiency of our ads.





What are your choices regarding cookies 
When you enter our website for the first time, you are prompted with the option to either accept all cookies, or accept only essential cookies.

If you'd like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser.
Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.





Intellectual property, Copyrights &amp.
Credits 
 All content of this website, including pictures, graphics, photographs, drawings, texts, provided services and overall all the files of this website are property, trademarks and logos of the Company and are protected by the European and International laws and conventions, expect the following content: 
Copyrighted content of third parties, partners &amp.
institutions
User submitted content
Generated content from our Apps, with the following restriction: 
If you use content generated from our Apps for commercial purposes, you must mention our website clearly at your credits 




Consequently, none of those can be sold, copied, modified, reproduced, reprinted, uploaded or transmitted in any way, either in part or in total.
Excluded from this clause is the case where a user / visitor, stores one and only copy of part of the content in their device (Personal Computer, Laptop, Tablet, Mobile Phone) for personal use only, without deletion of the origin of the content from our website.
Other products and services mentioned in the pages of the site that bear the logos of companies, organisations and other third parties are their intellectual properties and they bear all relative responsibility.



Restrictions 
You shall not 
Transfer, resell, share or otherwise make available to any third party the services provided by the Company, without written permission 
Use this website services for spamming or other illegal purposes.
Harm, or use maliciously any of the Company's services.
Upload illegal content to our services




Disclaimer 
The content on this website is provided "as is".
Company expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantibility and fitness for a particular purpose.
Company makes no warranty that the Services will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or virus free.
Use of any material downloaded or obtained through the use of the Company Services shall be at your own risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system, mobile telephone, wireless device or data that results from the use of the Company Services or the download of any such material.

Under no circumstances will Company be liable in any way for any loss of profits, loss of data, business disruption or other damages that may result from the use of its services.

Under no circumstances will Company be liable in any way for any User Content, including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in any content, or for any offensive content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any content posted, transmitted or otherwise made available via this website.

The Company does not guarantee the constant and uninterrupted access to its services since there are factors that can negatively affect the operation outside of the Company's reach 
The materials appearing on Company's web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors.
Company does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current.
Company may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice.
Company does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.

We may suspend your user account or temporarily disable access to whole or part of any Service in the event of any suspected illegal activity, extended periods of inactivity, or requests by law enforcement or other government agencies.
In addition, we reserve the right to terminate your user account and deny the Services upon reasonable belief that you have violated the Terms of Service.



Links 
Company has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site.
The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Company of the site.
Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.



Site Terms of Use Modifications 
The Company reserves the right to change the terms of use after informing the visitors / users


 © 2020 GARDOS SOFTWARE LTD info@melobytes.com
 Helpful links

 Subscribe 

 Support 
 Social

 Reddit

 Twitter

 Facebook

 Instagram

 YouTube 
 Sign In 

 Sign Up

 Password recovery  Terms of Use Contact Us 
 We are using cookies! (Read Policy) Accept Essential Accept All 
      