
         Insurance For Your Vehicle Auto Insurance Mechanical Protection Local Insurance For Your Residence Homeowners Insurance Condo Insurance Renters Insurance Optional Residence Coverage Other Insurance Business Insurance Business Auto Insurance Landlord Insurance Umbrella Insurance Get a Quote › Find an Agent › Claims Customer Claims Claims Overview Auto Claims Roadside Assistance Residence Claims Mechanical Protection Claims Track Your Claim Log into your Account Find your Claims Rep Find a Repair Shop Track an Existing Repair Catastrophe Center About the Catastrophe Center Why you should have Earthquake Insurance Fire Damage Coverage Flood Aftermath Disaster Preparedness Find your Claims Rep › Roadside Assistance › About Us Learn More About Us About Us Newsroom News Releases Supplier Diversity Mercury Cares For our Investors Investor Information Financial Press Releases SEC Filings Events &amp.
Webcasts Safe Harbor Provision Working at Mercury Careers Overview Why work at Mercury Careers FAQs Company Overview › Customer Reviews › Resources Drive Safe Initiative Take Our Driving Quiz Driving Tips for Teens Defensive Driving Tips Apps to Keep Teen Drivers Safe Insurance and More Auto Home Insurance Tips Mercury News For your Everyday Entertainment Finance Travel Weather Visit our blog › Visit the Catastrophe Center › My Account Online Account Login / Register Make a Payment View Policy Information Download ID Cards Contact Your Agent One-Time Payments Make a One-Time Payment Other Payment Options Get in Touch (800) 956-3728
Roadside Assistance
Make a Payment
Find an Agent
Get a Quote (800) 956-3728 Mercury Insurance Group Privacy Statement Mercury and its affiliated companies appreciate the trust you place in us when you ask us to help protect you and your assets.
You trust us with your private, personal information when you purchase insurance from us, or if you provide us with information in connection with a claim, and we are committed to protecting this information.
Mercury does not sell information about you to others. Mercury’s Use of Your Personal Information We treat your information with respect and concern for your privacy.
We do not disclose any nonpublic personal information about our customers or former customers to anyone, except as permitted or required by law.
For example, we may share any or all of your information with our affiliated companies.
We may also disclose any or all information we have collected about you to companies that perform services on our behalf.
When we make this type of disclosure it is done to service your Mercury account or policy, or to inform you about Mercury products and services.
Before disclosing your information, we require these companies to agree to keep it confidential and use it only for the transaction we request. Independent Mercury Agents The independent insurance agents authorized to sell Mercury products and services are not Mercury employees, but they are subject to Mercury's Privacy Policy, to the extent that they sell or service our products, unless they have provided you with a copy of their own privacy policy.
Because they have a unique business relationship with you, they may have additional personal information about you that Mercury does not.
They may use this information differently than Mercury.
Contact your Mercury Agent or advisor to learn more about their privacy practices. Information About Mercury’s Websites Information collected Mercury collects personal information (for example, name, address, E-mail address, telephone number or Social Security number) on our web site and mobile applications only when you voluntarily provide it to us.
our mobile applications, however, may transmit device location information to us.
We do not collect any personally identifiable information about your online activities across other sites or online services.
Only your Internet domain is recognized when you visit our website.
your individual E-mail address is not.
We may collect information about how our websites and mobile applications are used so that we may correct errors and improve our customers’ experience.
If you provide us with your E-mail address, Mercury may use it to occasionally notify you of new services, special offers, or to confirm transactions.
If you do not wish to be contacted by E-mail you may click on the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any Mercury E-mail you receive and you will no longer receive non-policy related communications from us via E-mail.
The companies of Mercury Insurance Group may work with several third-party vendors, including, but not necessarily limited to Yahoo!/Bing, Google, Google Campaign Manager, Facebook, YouTube, Roku, Amazon, Adobe Advertising Cloud, Adobe Audience Manager, Podsights and others, to research usage and activities on our website.
These third-party vendors use Web beacons and cookies to conduct this research.
The information collected through these Web beacons and cookies is used to find out more about our Web site usage patterns, for more accurate reporting, and to improve the effectiveness of our marketing.
These vendors may collect information about the online activity of visitors to our website for the purpose of customizing ads to your interests (sometimes referred to as "interest-based" advertising).
No personally identifiable information is collected.
Information recorded through the use of these Web beacons and cookies is aggregated and then shared with us.
No personally identifiable information about you is shared by these third-party vendors with the Mercury family of companies.

To opt out of Mercury’s interest-based advertising, visit this link.
To opt out of interest-based advertising, please visit the following websites:
Digital Advertising Alliance https://optout.aboutads.info
Networking Advertising Initiative https://optout.networkadvertising.org
Adobe Experience Cloud https://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html#customeruse
Amazon https://www.amazon.com/adprefs
Podsights
https://podsights.com/optout
To learn more about how Mercury collects and uses your personal information, please read the following notice. Mercury’s Sources of Information About You We may collect personal information about you from:

The information you provide on quotes, applications or other forms (such as your name, address and Social Security number)
Your transactions with us (such as your payment history and claims information)
The information we receive from a consumer reporting agency (such as your credit history, your driving record, and claims history with other insurance carriers)
Your insurance agent/broker (such as updated information pertaining to your account)
Public records (such as motor vehicle reports and criminal records)

If you enroll in MercuryGO, our usage-based insurance program, we may collect information on how and where you drive.
We use this information to verify your eligibility for certain discounts.
This program is voluntary and may not be available in all states.
Visit our MercuryGO page for more information. Information sharing and use Mercury does not sell information about you to others.
If you only browse our website and do not supply any information, you will not receive unsolicited E-mail, telephone calls, or other marketing materials from Mercury as a result of your visit.
When you make changes to your account or request more information about our products we may forward information you supply to us to your Mercury Independent Insurance Agent.
We do this so they can service your account or contact you with additional information about our products. Cookies Mercury uses cookies to maintain the continuity of browser sessions and to track repeat visitors.
No personally identifiable information about you is stored in these cookies. Browsers &amp.
Security Mercury uses secure technology, which encrypts information as it crosses the Internet.
You can tell if you are visiting a secure area by looking at the padlock symbol on your browser screen.
If it is "locked," you have a secure session.
Mercury has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of your personal information.
Our servers are located in the United States of America and are designed to prevent unauthorized access. Links to other sites MercuryInsurance.com contains links to other websites.
These other websites are not under Mercury's direct control, and they may collect information about you that Mercury does not.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of linked websites. Protecting Your Personal Information from Unauthorized Access We limit employee access to customer information to those employees with a legitimate business reason for such access.
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information from being accessed by unauthorized persons.
We also conduct risk assessments, risk management and control, and oversight of our service providers to assure the effectiveness of these safeguards. Your Medical Information Mercury obtains medical information only in connection with specific products or claims.
We will not use or share personally identifiable medical information for any purpose other than the underwriting or administration of your policy, claim or account, or as otherwise disclosed to you when the information is collected. California Consumer Privacy Act Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), California residents have the right to request that we disclose:

The categories of personal information that we have collected about you,
The categories of sources from which personal information is collected,
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling information,
The categories of third-parties with whom we share personal information, and
The specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you.

Much of this information is provided in this Privacy Statement.
You also have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you.
You may submit a request&nbsp.
online, or by calling (877) 671-7879.
Please be aware, however, that the CCPA does not apply to most of the information that we collect and share in the normal course of our insurance business, such as information collected when you request a quote, purchase a policy, or when we are investigating and paying claims.
The CCPA also does not apply to information you may have provided in connection with an employment or agency relationship with our company.
So we will be unable to delete such information, and other legal obligations require us to retain it.
We cannot provide any information unless we are able to verify the identity of the person making a request.
You may use an authorized agent to submit a CCPA request on your behalf, in which case we will require proof that the agent has been authorized.
You have the right to be free from discriminatory treatment for exercising your privacy rights under the CCPA.
Mercury does not and will not sell your personal information to others.
If you have a CCPA-related complaint, or if you wish to provide notice of an alleged violation in accordance with California Civil Code section 1798.150(b), it must be sent in writing to CCPA@mercuryinsurance.com, or P.O.
Box 1150, Brea, CA 92822. Changes to this Statement The effective date of this Statement was July 1, 2004, and was most recently updated as of September 1, 2020.
Please be aware that we may periodically update or revise this Statement, and any changes are effective as of the date posted.
Please check our Consumer Privacy Statement frequently for changes. This Privacy Statement applies to the following members of the Mercury Family of Companies: Arizona Mercury Casualty Company California Mercury Insurance Company Mercury Casualty Company American Mercury Insurance Company California Automobile Insurance Company
California General Underwriters Insurance Company, Inc. Auto Insurance Specialists, LLC Florida Mercury Insurance Company of Florida Mercury Indemnity Company of America American Mercury Insurance Company Georgia Mercury Insurance Company of Georgia Mercury Indemnity Company of Georgia American Mercury Insurance Company Illinois Mercury Insurance Company of Illinois Mercury National Insurance Company Michigan Mercury National Insurance Company Nevada Mercury Casualty Company New Jersey Mercury Indemnity Company of America Mercury Insurance Company of Illinois New York Mercury Casualty Company Oklahoma American Mercury Insurance Company Pennsylvania Mercury Insurance Company of Florida Mercury Insurance Company of Illinois Texas Mercury County Mutual Insurance Company American Mercury Insurance Company American Mercury Lloyds Insurance Company Virginia Mercury Casualty Company American Mercury Insurance Company Mercury Select Management Company, Inc.
All states with the exception of Connecticut and Maine. PoliSeek AIS Insurance Solutions, Inc.
Attention × We're sorry, but we're unable to provide an online quote for your residence.
Please call (800) 956-3728 (800) 956-3728 or find an agent near you.
Mercury could save hundreds on your auto insurance.
Start a quote now to see how much you could save! CONTINUE WITH AUTO Attention × Mercury has partnered with our agency subsidiary, AIS, in to help customers save money.
This is great news for you, because AIS could provide you with some really low rates and great coverage, too!
Give AIS a call today at (888) 344-4247(888) 344-4247 to see how much you can save. Attention × Mercury is no longer available in , however, our independent agency subsidiary, AIS, could still provide you with some really low rates and great coverage!
Give AIS a call today at (888) 344-4247(888) 344-4247 to see how much you can save. Attention × Mercury is no longer available in , however, our independent agency subsidiary, AIS, could still provide you with some really low rates and great coverage!
Give AIS a call today at (888) 344-4247 (888) 344-4247 to see how much you can save, or click the button below to get a fast, free quote. CONTINUE Site Map Privacy Statement Terms of Use Insurance Auto Insurance Homeowners Insurance Condo Insurance Renters Insurance Landlord Insurance Umbrella Insurance Mechanical Protection Business Auto Business Insurance Browse Products by State Local Insurance Claims Claims Overview Auto Claims Roadside Assistance Residence Claims Mechanical Protection Claims Vehicle Repairs Catastrophe Center About Us About Us Careers Customer Reviews Investor Information Become an Agent Resources Auto Catastrophe Drive Safe Entertainment Finance Home Insurance Tips Mercury News Travel Weather Get in Touch Contact Us Find an Agent Browse Agents by State My Account Make a Payment Get a Quote (800) 956-3728 Claims &amp.
Customer Service (800) 503-3724 © 2004-2021 Mercury Insurance Services, LLC.
All rights reserved.
 Mercury's Twitter Account Mercury's Instagram Account Mercury's Facebook Account Mercury's LinkedIn Account Mercury's YouTube Account 
      