
         Insurance For Your Vehicle Auto Insurance Mechanical Protection Local Insurance For Your Residence Homeowners Insurance Condo Insurance Renters Insurance Optional Residence Coverage Other Insurance Business Insurance Business Auto Insurance Landlord Insurance Umbrella Insurance Get a Quote › Find an Agent › Claims Customer Claims Claims Overview Auto Claims Roadside Assistance Residence Claims Mechanical Protection Claims Track Your Claim Log into your Account Find your Claims Rep Find a Repair Shop Track an Existing Repair Catastrophe Center About the Catastrophe Center Why you should have Earthquake Insurance Fire Damage Coverage Flood Aftermath Disaster Preparedness Find your Claims Rep › Roadside Assistance › About Us Learn More About Us About Us Newsroom News Releases Supplier Diversity Mercury Cares For our Investors Investor Information Financial Press Releases SEC Filings Events &amp.
Webcasts Safe Harbor Provision Working at Mercury Careers Overview Why work at Mercury Careers FAQs Company Overview › Customer Reviews › Resources Drive Safe Initiative Take Our Driving Quiz Driving Tips for Teens Defensive Driving Tips Apps to Keep Teen Drivers Safe Insurance and More Auto Home Insurance Tips Mercury News For your Everyday Entertainment Finance Travel Weather Visit our blog › Visit the Catastrophe Center › My Account Online Account Login / Register Make a Payment View Policy Information Download ID Cards Contact Your Agent One-Time Payments Make a One-Time Payment Other Payment Options Get in Touch (800) 956-3728
Roadside Assistance
Make a Payment
Find an Agent
Get a Quote (800) 956-3728 Terms of Use By accessing, viewing or using mercuryinsurance.com, or any website or mobile application owned and/or operated by Mercury General Corporation or its subsidiaries ("Mercury Sites") in any manner, you expressly agree to all terms and conditions contained or referenced in these Terms of Use and all applicable laws or regulations governing this website or mobile application ("Site").
These Terms of Use apply only to your use of Mercury Sites and do not change or alter any other agreement or contract that may exist between you and any of the companies within the Mercury Insurance Group of companies ("Mercury").
Mercury reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify or change these Terms of Use at any time without prior notice to you.
Your continued use of Mercury Sites following the posting of any changes to the Terms of Use constitutes acceptance of those changes.
If at any time you choose not to accept these Terms of Use, please do not use this Site or send E-mail to any Mercury Sites E-mail address.
The Mercury E-mail system is a private E-mail system intended only for purposes authorized by Mercury.
You are not authorized to send numerous (or any) unsolicited commercial E-mail messages to any E-mail addresses at @mercuryinsurance.com.
Mercury reserves the right to take actions as may be necessary to prevent misuse of its E-mail system by unauthorized parties.
Please remember that E-mail submissions over the Internet may not be secure and are subject to the risk of interception by third parties.
Please consider this fact before E-mailing any personal or confidential information. Scope of Use You may not use Mercury Sites to engage in any illegal activity.
You may not use Mercury Sites to engage in conduct which is defamatory, libelous, threatening or harassing or that infringes on a third party's intellectual property or other proprietary rights.
You agree that any information you provide through Mercury Sites will be truthful and accurate. Availability of Products or Services Not all of the products or services described on this Site are available in all geographic areas of the United States.
You may not be eligible for all of the insurance products or services described in this Site.
Subject to applicable law, Mercury reserves the right to determine eligibility for such products or services in its sole discretion or, as permitted by law or regulation, to change the products or services mentioned at any time without notice.
The information available on the Site is intended to be a general information resource regarding the matters covered, but is not offered as legal, accounting or other professional advice, and is not tailored to your specific circumstance.
YOU SHOULD EVALUATE ALL INFORMATION, OPINIONS AND ADVICE AVAILABLE ON THIS SITE IN CONSULTATION WITH YOUR INSURANCE AGENT OR BROKER. Submissions Made to Mercury By providing information or materials to this Site (other than personal information subject to the Mercury Privacy Statement), you grant to Mercury an unrestricted, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, display, publicly perform, and transmit such information and materials for any purpose, including without limitation, disclosing any such information and materials as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation, or governmental request.
You agree not to submit or transmit any E-mails or materials through Mercury Sites that (i) are defamatory, threatening, obscene or harassing, (ii) contain a virus, worm, Trojan horse or any other harmful component, (iii) incorporate copyrighted or other proprietary material of any third party without that party's permission or (iv) otherwise violate any applicable laws or regulations.
Mercury shall not be subject to any obligations of confidentiality regarding any information or materials that you submit except as specified in the Mercury Privacy Statement, as set forth in any additional terms and conditions relating to specific products or services, or as otherwise specifically agreed or required by law. Disability Accommodation for Employment Applicants Reasonable accommodation will be provided for qualified individuals with disabilities in job application procedures.
If you have any difficulty using our online system and need an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us by sending an email, mail correspondence to: 1700 Greenbriar Lane, Brea, CA 92821, Attn: Human Capital, or calling (877) 467-4537, for assistance.
For email and mail inquiries, please include a description of your requested accommodation, your name and contact information.
Mercury will make every effort to respond to your request within two (2) business days.

Note: The email address above is not for general employment inquiries.
Mercury will not respond to inquiries to this email address that are not related to accessibility of the online application system by individuals with disabilities.

Mercury is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Privacy Statement Our Privacy Statement describes our use and protection of nonpublic personal information ("customer information") and will help you understand how we treat the customer information that we obtain from you or other sources in the course of providing you with products and services.
We urge you to read our Privacy Statement. Secure Areas.
Passwords Some portions of Mercury Sites are restricted and require authorization for access.
Unauthorized use of or access to these areas is prohibited.
Actual or attempted unauthorized use of or access to such areas may result in criminal and/or civil prosecution.
Attempts to access such areas without authorization may be viewed, monitored and recorded and any information obtained may be given to law enforcement organizations in connection with any investigation or prosecution of possible criminal activity on this system.
If you are not an authorized user of such areas or do not consent to continued monitoring, you should not attempt to access such areas.
If you are an authorized user of any restricted area, you are responsible to maintain the security/confidentiality of your password.
DO NOT SHARE YOUR PASSWORD WITH ANYONE.
Mercury is entitled to act on instructions received under your password.
Mercury will not ask you for your password.
If you know or suspect that your password has been compromised, change your password immediately.
If you suspect any unauthorized activity related to your account, you should contact Mercury.
Mercury will not be responsible or liable for any unauthorized access to your personal information that is not the direct result of intentional conduct on the part of Mercury, or if you do not properly secure your password, or if you choose to share your password with anyone else.
Mercury may block access to secure areas without prior notice if Mercury believes your password is being used by someone other than you or if any unauthorized access to your personal information has occurred, or may occur, or for other reasons. Electronic Signatures When you have accessed a secure area of the Site or other Mercury Sites, you may be able to make changes to your account or authorize Mercury to take certain actions regarding your account.
For example, you may make a payment online, or make changes to your policy on the Customer Portal after authenticating your identity with your username and password.
Authorizing such transactions will require you to click or select "I agree", "yes" or other clear affirmation of your agreement.
By authorizing a transaction in this manner, you agree that your selection is your electronic signature, and the electronic record of this authorization is a signed writing, the legal equivalent of your signature on paper. Quotations/Coverage At this time, on-line quotes may not be available for all states or provinces, products, services or coverage selections.
For additional information about products, services or coverage selections otherwise offered by Mercury, please contact a Mercury agent.
All quotes generated by this Site or other Mercury Sites are estimates based upon the information provided by you, and are not a contract, binder, or agreement to extend insurance coverage, unless clearly identified as such after submission of a complete application for insurance and payment of the required premium.
Mercury reserves the right to issue a quote based upon the information you enter.
You may not qualify for every Mercury company.
The rate quoted to you may vary from Mercury's lowest rate depending upon the company for which you do qualify, and upon other factors.
Each quote shall identify the Mercury company from which the quote was generated.
Any coverage descriptions provided on Mercury Sites are general descriptions of available coverages and are not a statement of contract until a binder has been issued by Mercury.
To obtain coverage you must submit an application to Mercury.
All applications are subject to underwriting approval.
Coverages and availability may vary by state, and additional minimum coverage limits may be available in your state.
For additional information, please contact a Mercury agent or your insurance broker. Electronic Document Delivery You may elect to receive electronic delivery of documents from Mercury rather than receiving paper copies by regular mail.
This option may not be available in all states and for all lines of business.
If available, you may select electronic or “paperless” delivery when you apply for a new policy, or on the Customer Portal at any time.
You may also contact your agent, or contact Mercury at (800) 900-6729.
If you do elect electronic delivery, you agree to the following:

You must maintain a valid email address for delivery purposes and notify us promptly of any changes.
You may update or change your email address on the Customer Portal or by contacting your agent.
You are responsible for removing spam blockers and otherwise adjusting your settings to ensure delivery of our emails.
you should check your junk folder periodically to make sure you are receiving them.
Mercury will send you an email notification when a document is available for viewing.
You may then view the document on the Customer Portal by using your password.
To view the document you will need Adobe Reader® software, which is available for free download if you do not already have it on your computer.
Once we make a document accessible to you on the Customer Portal, and notify you by email that it is available, the document will be deemed delivered to you.
Depending on the paperless option selected by you, we will use electronic delivery for any documents that need to be provided to you, including legal notices, policy documents, billing statements and notices, and general correspondence.
Due to legal requirements in some states, we may send certain documents to you by U.S.
Mail, such as notices of cancellation or non-renewal.
We may also send documents by U.S.
Mail if we are unable to deliver them electronically for technical reasons.
If we become aware that your email address is no longer valid, we may send all documents by regular U.S.
Mail until you have provided us with a current and valid email address.
Some of the documents delivered to you may state the “date mailed.” For paperless delivery, the “date mailed” means the date that we notified you by email that the document was available for viewing on the Customer Portal.
The electronic document delivery option is voluntary.
You may terminate electronic delivery at any time on the Customer Portal, by contacting your agent, or by calling Mercury at (800) 900-6729.
(Please allow up to 24 hours to process your requested change.) You may also request a paper copy of any policy document by contacting your agent.
 Ownership of Materials &amp.
Restrictions on Use The information on Mercury Sites, along with any materials (including, for example, press releases and product descriptions) is the copyrighted work of Mercury and is protected under United States and worldwide copyright laws, trademark laws, other federal and state laws, and treaty provisions.
Mercury grants you permission to copy such materials so long as each copy: (i) is solely for informational, non-commercial use and is not modified or revised in any manner.
(ii) plainly displays all copyright and other proprietary notices, in the same form and manner as on the original.
and (iii) displays a statement that the materials are used solely with permission of Mercury.
To seek permission for any other use, please contact Mercury. Bulk E-mail and Other Prohibited E-mail The Mercury computer network (which includes, but is not limited to, the technology and applications, which support the E-mail functionality Mercury provides its officers, employees, independent contractor agents, and other authorized users) is the private property of Mercury.
Mercury prohibits any bulk E-mail transmissions to be sent, or caused to be sent, over the Internet to Mercury Sites E-mail addresses unless Mercury, through one of its officers, has specifically requested or authorized the sending of such bulk E-mail.
For purposes of these Terms of Use, the word "bulk" shall mean an E-mail message, or group of identical or similar E-mail messages, sent to more than 20 different Mercury Sites addresses in any 24-hour period.
Mercury also prohibits any E-mail transmissions of the following types to be sent, or caused to be sent, over the Internet to more than five different Mercury Sites E-mail addresses in any 24-hour period unless Mercury, through one of its officers, has authorized the sending of such E-mail: (1) commercial advertising.
(2) informational announcements.
(3) political or religious tracts.
or (4) solicitations for funds or donations.
Mercury prohibits any E-mail transmission to be sent, or caused to be sent, over the Internet to any mercuryinsurance.com E-mail addresses if the E-mail is intended to, or appears intended to, harass, embarrass, threaten, defame or impersonate any person, or if the E-mail is pornographic, offensive, indecent, discriminatory or offensive on the basis of sex, color, national origin, race, age, religion, sexual orientation or disability.
Mercury prohibits any E-mail transmission to be sent, or caused to be sent, over the Internet to any mercuryinsurance.com E-mail address that makes use of a forged header or deceptive addressing, or which attempts in any manner to disguise the source of the E-mail.
Mercury prohibits the harvesting or collection of the E-mail addresses of Mercury agents and/or brokers and/or personal financial representatives from Mercury Sites for the purpose of sending bulk E-mail to Mercury Sites E-mail addresses.
Mercury reserves the right to take all legal and technical steps available, including pursuing civil remedies and criminal prosecution, to prevent bulk or other prohibited E-mail from entering, utilizing or remaining within the Mercury computer network.
Nothing in this policy is intended to grant any right to transmit or send E-mail to, or through, the Mercury computer network.
Mercury's failure to enforce this policy in every instance in which it might have application does not amount to a waiver of Mercury's rights. Links to Other Websites This Site contains links to other sites.
Mercury provides links to other sites as a convenience to persons who visit Mercury Sites.
If you choose to use the services provided by those sites, you may be asked by those sites to provide certain personally identifiable information (some of which may, on an individual or aggregated basis, be shared with Mercury).
Please be aware that Mercury is not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites, even though Mercury's name or logo may appear on those sites.
We encourage you to be aware of that when you leave our Site and to read the privacy policies of each and every website that you visit, as the privacy policies of those sites may differ from ours.
Our Privacy Statement applies solely to this Site.
Mercury is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. Links to Mercury Sites Mercury appreciates your interest in linking your website (the "Linking Site") to Mercury's Sites.
In order to avoid misunderstandings regarding the use of Mercury's trademarks, trade names and other proprietary information, Mercury asks that you review and agree to the following guidelines:

Third parties are authorized to include active links on websites they control to direct a browser to Mercury's "home page" at https://www.mercuryinsurance.com.
However, third parties may not include on their websites links to any other page maintained on Mercury Sites unless they have received prior written permission of an officer of Mercury or unless the Linking Site is an Internet search engine.
Framing.
Unless you have received specific written permission from Mercury, you may not (a) "frame" or otherwise impose editorial comment, commercial material or any type of identification on (or in proximity to) content displayed on the Mercury website ("Mercury Content"), (b) alter or modify Mercury Content, or (c) "cut and paste" or otherwise reproduce Mercury Content on the Linking Site.
No Archiving.
Your link must be to current Mercury sites only.
In permitting linking, Mercury does not grant you the right to reproduce, modify, cache or archive the Mercury Content for any purpose.
Link At Your Own Risk.
Mercury makes no representations or warranties regarding the Mercury Sites, which are provided "as is." Linking Sites link to Mercury Sites at their own risk.
Mercury is under no obligation to maintain Mercury Sites, provide or update Mercury Content or otherwise support your link to Mercury Sites.
Termination.
Mercury may revoke this license immediately if you fail to follow these guidelines.
Mercury may revoke this license upon five (5) days notice without cause.
 Reservation of Rights Mercury reserves the right to seek all remedies available at law and in equity for violations of the rules and regulations set forth in this Site, including the right to block access from a particular Internet address Mercury Sites.
Our policies regarding Privacy are incorporated into these Terms of Use by reference.
Mercury does not intend to market any products or services to children and does not knowingly collect personal information from children.
By using Mercury Sites, you represent that you are at least 18 years old and are a United States resident.
If you are under 18 or not a United States resident, do not use Mercury Sites. Disclaimers THIS WEBSITE IS PROVIDED ON AN AS IS BASIS.
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, MERCURY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
MERCURY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONALITY OR OPERATION OF MERCURY SITES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR FREE FROM ERROR, THAT ANY DEFECTS IN THE SITES WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE SITES OR THE SERVER(S) THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL CONDITIONS OR COMPONENTS.
PRODUCT TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS NOT DESCRIBED IN THIS SITE MAY APPLY.
YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER LEGAL RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE TO STATE. Limitation of Liability YOUR USE OF THE MERCURY SITES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, MERCURY DISCLAIMS LIABILITY, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES) IN ANY WAY ARISING FROM THE FUNCTIONALITY OR OPERATION OF MERCURY SITES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES ARISING FROM INTERRUPTIONS OF SERVICE OR DELAYS OR ERRORS IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION), EVEN IF MERCURY IS EXPRESSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. Jurisdictional Statement This Site and other Mercury Sites are controlled, operated and intended for use only in the United States of America.
We do not represent that materials on Mercury Sites are appropriate or made available for use outside of the United States of America.
Access to Mercury Sites from territories where the content of this Site may be illegal is prohibited.
Those who choose to access this Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws or regulations.
These Terms of Use and all documents incorporated herein by reference constitute the entire agreement between Mercury and you with respect to this Site.
These Terms of Use shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of California, USA, without reference to its choice of law rules.
Any dispute concerning this Site shall be subject to the exclusive venue of a court of competent jurisdiction in Orange County, California, USA. Forward Looking Statements This Site may contain forward-looking statements.
Actual results may vary materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements.
Please refer to Mercury's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. Severability If any provision of these Terms of Use is held invalid, void or unenforceable, then that provision will be considered severable from the remaining provisions, and the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect. Attention × We're sorry, but we're unable to provide an online quote for your residence.
Please call (800) 956-3728 (800) 956-3728 or find an agent near you.
Mercury could save hundreds on your auto insurance.
Start a quote now to see how much you could save! CONTINUE WITH AUTO Attention × Mercury has partnered with our agency subsidiary, AIS, in to help customers save money.
This is great news for you, because AIS could provide you with some really low rates and great coverage, too!
Give AIS a call today at (888) 344-4247(888) 344-4247 to see how much you can save. Attention × Mercury is no longer available in , however, our independent agency subsidiary, AIS, could still provide you with some really low rates and great coverage!
Give AIS a call today at (888) 344-4247(888) 344-4247 to see how much you can save. Attention × Mercury is no longer available in , however, our independent agency subsidiary, AIS, could still provide you with some really low rates and great coverage!
Give AIS a call today at (888) 344-4247 (888) 344-4247 to see how much you can save, or click the button below to get a fast, free quote. CONTINUE Site Map Privacy Statement Terms of Use Insurance Auto Insurance Homeowners Insurance Condo Insurance Renters Insurance Landlord Insurance Umbrella Insurance Mechanical Protection Business Auto Business Insurance Browse Products by State Local Insurance Claims Claims Overview Auto Claims Roadside Assistance Residence Claims Mechanical Protection Claims Vehicle Repairs Catastrophe Center About Us About Us Careers Customer Reviews Investor Information Become an Agent Resources Auto Catastrophe Drive Safe Entertainment Finance Home Insurance Tips Mercury News Travel Weather Get in Touch Contact Us Find an Agent Browse Agents by State My Account Make a Payment Get a Quote (800) 956-3728 Claims &amp.
Customer Service (800) 503-3724 © 2004-2021 Mercury Insurance Services, LLC.
All rights reserved.
 Mercury's Twitter Account Mercury's Instagram Account Mercury's Facebook Account Mercury's LinkedIn Account Mercury's YouTube Account 
      