
         Michael West Media – Privacy Policy
This following document sets forth the Privacy Policy for Westpub Pty Ltd – ABN 76 613 202 421 – as publisher of the MichaelWest.com.au website.
Westpub Pty Ltd is bound by the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth), which sets out a number of principles concerning the privacy of individuals.

Collection of your personal information – subscribers

All aspects of the website can be viewed without providing personal information.
However, for access to our weekly email we collect and store your name and email address.
In the event that you donate/subscribe we collect your first and last name, email and payment information.
Subscriptions are charged to your card monthly from the day that you sign-up for one of our subscription plans and can be cancelled at any time.
All information collected is encrypted.
We do not store payment information on our site, nor are we able to access such information except for the purposes of collecting payment.
Payment data is held in encrypted form by our payment provider(s) who are PCI compliant.
From time to time we may also collect your information in relation to a story or investigation we are conducting.
Any such collection of personally identifiable information is done only with your express consent and is stored in a secure area in adherence with the principles outlined here and in the Privacy Act..

Sharing of your personal information

Unless expressly permitted by you in writing we will not share your information with any third parties (except for the purposes of collecting payments as outlined above).

Other information we collect (“website cookies”)

For each visitor to reach the site, we expressly collect the following non-personally identifiable information, including but not limited to device and browser type, version and language, operating system, pages viewed while browsing the website, page access times and referring website address, or social media referrals.
This collected information is used solely internally for the purpose of gauging visitor traffic, trends and may be used to deliver tailored content to you while you are at this site.
From time to time, we may use website visitor information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in this privacy notice.
If our information practices change at some time in the future we will use for these new purposes only, data collected from the time of the policy change forward will adhere to our updated practices.

Changes to this Privacy Policy

Westpub Pty Ltd reserves the right to make amendments to this Privacy Policy at any time.
If you have objections to the Privacy Policy, you should not access or use the Site.

Accessing Your Personal Information

You have a right to access your personal information, subject to exceptions allowed by law.
If you would like to do so, please let us know.
You may be required to put your request in writing for security reasons.

Security

We will take all reasonable steps to protect the personal information that we hold from misuse, loss or unauthorised access, including by means of firewalls, password access, secure servers and encryption of credit card transactions.
If you suspect any misuse or loss of, or unauthorised access to, your personal information, please let us know immediately.

Links

Our website may contain links to other websites operated by third parties.
We make no representations or warranties in relation to the privacy practices of any third party website and we are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of any third party website.

Contacting us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or wish to access or remove any personally identifiable information you have provided to us, please contact us.E-mail: website@michaelwest.com.au
Or in writing to PO Box 1755, Mudgeeraba, QLD 4213.
