
        You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.Help CenterTeach with MiddyLOG IN&lt.
BackPrivacy Policy: You must read and agree to our privacy policy.
Middy is a platform that connects Content Creators to Users who want to engage in learning music.The Information Middy Collects 1.Middy collects general information you provide to us while creating your account.
General information includes your Username, Password, Email Address and Payment Information related to a Stripe Account you are legally using.
Middy keeps track of all payment information including the amount paid, the dates paid, authentication of payment and what rewards have been earned.
There are more opportunities to personalize your account and in doing so add more personal information, which Middy reserves the right to collect as well.2.Other information collected includes User preference information, amount and type of contact between Content Creators and Learning Users, Log Information (dates, times, pages viewed, and all other activity), and a Content Creator rating system where Learning Users have the ability to rate the quality of the Content Creator based on their experience.
What Middy Can Do With the Information 1.Middy may share this information with any affiliated entities such as vendors, consultants, data processors, marketing firms, for the purposes of analytics, by request of law enforcement officials, or during merger and/or acquisition negotiations.2.Middy expressly reserves the right to allow other entities to administer audience measurement and analytics services in order to serve advertisements on our behalf across different mediums, and to track and report on those advertisements.
It is possible that some of these advertisements may be equipped with cookies.
There are several analytics companies that we may be using at any one time.Learning Users 1.Creators will have your email address and profile information, any messages communicated between you via Middy, and information about your subscription, including but not limited to how you are using content.Public Access 1.Publicly accessible information includes your profile, the creators you support, any posts or comments on a Content Creator’s page and any information Middy chooses to share in blog posts, press releases or other channels leading into the public sphere.2.You will have the option to privatize your account so your profile and the Content Creators you subscribe to will not be available to the general public.Some Simple Rules 1.By agreeing to these Terms, you confirm your commitment to not collect other Users’ personal information absent of their express consent.
Any User will have the ability to add other contact information to their accounts should they choose to.
Any contact information that is added by the learning User or Content Creator can be used in order to communicate with them.
At no time can this information be used for harassment, solicitation (unless given express written consent by Middy), or for any other reason that does not involve the Services being offered by Middy without the express consent of the User.2.If, you acquire, by any means, any knowledge or information, of the way Middy conducts business, any of its proprietary algorithms, information, or any factual data or information that could be considered a trade secret, you will not disclose this information to anyone, for any reason, via any means.Security 1.Middy realizes that the security of your personal information is critically important and has the highest standards in regards to protecting it.
Full credit or debit card numbers are never accessed by our system, and sensitive data like tax forms are encrypted.2.We recommend to all Users a strong password and offer a two-factor authentication measure in order to further protect your information.
3.Please also refer to and read carefully, Section 3, “Your Account,” in Middy’s Terms of Service.
Changes 1.In the future, Middy may add to, or modify this policy.
Your further use of Middy indicates that you agree to such additions and changes.
You will be alerted when such changes occur and are expected to read them in full.Middy is a website for creating interactive courses for piano.PRIVACY POLICYTERMS OF SERVICE
      