
        Go HomePrivacy StatementApril 12, 2020IntroPrivacy is a fundamental human right.
We will uphold the privacy of our users by fighting against ads, trackers and other impingements on privacy.
We will never profit by monetizing your data but instead seek to fulfill our company mission by delivering a great product &amp.
service.
Our commitment to privacy and data protection is reflected in this Privacy Statement which describes how we collect and process “personal information” that identifies you, like your name or email address.
Any other information besides this is "non-personal information." If we store personal information with non-personal information, we’ll consider that combination to be personal information.
Only if we remove all personal information from a set of data would we consider the remainder non-personal information.Information Gathering &amp.
UseMighty strives to continually improve our service for our users.
To that end, we learn information about you when:


You directly provide it to us


We collect it automatically through our products and services


Someone else tells us information about you.
or


When we try and understand more about you based on information you've given to us.


Mighty strives to continually improve our service for our users.
To that end, we learn information about you when:Information SharingWe share information about you:


When we’ve asked &amp.
received your consent to share it


As needed to process or provide services or products to you, but only if those entities agree to provide at least the same level of privacy protection we’re committed to under this Privacy Statement


To comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process, provided that we’ll notify you unless we’re legally prohibited from doing so.
We’ll only release personal information if we believe in good faith that it’s legally required.


Only if we reasonably believe it’s necessary to prevent harm to the rights, property or safety of you or others.
or


In the event of a corporate restructuring or change in our organizational structure or status to a successor or affiliate

Information ProtectionMighty implements physical, business and technical security measures to safeguard your personal information.
In the event of a security breach, we'll notify you so that you can take appropriate protective steps.
We only keep your personal information for as long as is needed to do what we collected it for.
After that, we destroy it unless required by law.Other InformationAs part of our normal operations, your information may be stored in computers in other countries outside of your home country.
By giving us information, you consent to this kind of information transfer.
Irrespective of where your information resides, we’ll comply with applicable law and abide by our commitments herein.
We don’t want your personal information if you’re under 13.
Do not provide it to us.
If your child is under 13 and you believe your child has provided us with their personal information, please contact us to have such information removed.EU, EEA, Swiss and California usersThese regions have data protection laws that require us to specify the following:
Our lawful bases for collecting and processing personal information under the European General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) include:


Performing our contract with you and providing our services


Legitimate interests: we receive technical and interaction data of users, which may include IP addresses, to improve the security and reliability of our services and prevent abuse, and to understand where people learn about Mighty


Consent: where we ask for your consent to process your information, you can always withdraw this consent.


The following rights are granted under the GDPR and California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).
Mighty applies these rights to all users of our products, regardless of your location:


The right to know what personal data is collected


The right to know if personal data is being shared, and to whom


The right to access your personal data


The right to exercise your privacy rights without being discriminated against


If you have a question or concern, please contact us at privacy@mightyapp.com and we will aim to resolve it.
If we cannot, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority.Data Subject Access RequestsIf you wish to update, delete or change personal information Mighty may hold, contact us at privacy@mightyapp.com.ChangesWe may need to change this privacy statement and our notices from time to time.
Any updates will be posted online with an effective date.
Continued use of our services after the effective date of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.Contact UsYou can get in touch by emailing us at privacy@mightyapp.com or by mailing us at:
Mighty Computing, Inc.Attn: Legal548 Market St.PMB 96342San Francisco, California 94104-5401 USMake Chrome FasterMighty makes Google Chrome faster &amp.
uses 10x less memory.Request Accessprivacy statementterms of servicewe're hiring!

      