
PRIVACY POLICY
 Thank you very much for visiting our website.
This document is to inform you about how we process your personal data regarding the use of our website.
Responsible Party TrafficPartner B.V.
Frans Erensstraat 14 A 5921VG Venlo The Netherlands Tel: +31 7720610 31 Fax: +31 7720614 35 E-Mail: compliance@trafficpartner.com 
 Questions Related to Data Protection and Exercising your Rights If you have any questions related to data protection, or if you wish to exercise your rights, please contact compliance@trafficpartner.com or the address stated above, adding the keyword “Data Protection”.

 Visiting our Website As soon as you visit our website, the company we have entrusted with the website’s operation will store the public IP address of the computer you are using to visit our website.
This includes the access date and time.
The IP address is a unique numeric address, through which your computer sends and receives data via the internet.
Usually, neither we nor our service provider will know whom the IP address belongs to, unless you provide us with any data permitting us to identify you while using our website.
Also, a user can be identified if we take legal action (in cases of cyber-attacks on our website, for instance) and are informed of the user’s identity during the process of investigation.
So as a general rule, you will not have to worry we will be able to draw a connection between you and your IP address.
Our service provider is using the IP address to enable you to visit and use our website, and to discover and prevent attacks on our websites.
Unfortunately, websites are attacked frequently, in order to harm the operators and users (for example blocking the access, spying on data, distributing malware like viruses or other illegal purposes).
Such attacks would adversely affect our website’s intended use as well as the security of our website’s visitors.
The IP address, along with the visit’s time, is being processed to prevent such attacks and potential dangers resulting from them for ourselves and for our website’s users.
Via our service provider we are pursuing the justified interests of maintaining our business operations as well as of preventing unlawful interference affecting ourselves or our website’s visitors.
The legal basis of this processing activity is article 6 paragraph 1 f) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
The stored IP data will be deleted by de-personalization, provided they are no longer necessary for the purpose of identifying or preventing attacks.

 Participation in the Affiliate Program If you are participating in our affiliate program, we will process the data provided by you for the purpose of concluding and performing the contract.
In this case, data will be transmitted to service providers for account settlement issues with you to the necessary extent.
The legal basis of this processing activity is article 6 paragraph 1 b of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Additionally, we are processing data to identify and prevent attempts of fraud, based on article 6 paragraph 1 f) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Thus, we are pursuing the aim to protect ourselves from fraudulent transactions.
Any data stored in connection with the conclusion of a contract or with the purchase of a product will be deleted after expiry of the legal retention obligation.
In cases in which there are legal obligations of recording and retention for reasons of processing a contract of sale (such as retention of invoices according to tax law), the legal basis of the processing activity is article 1 paragraph 1 c) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
We will delete or de-personalize the data as soon as they are no longer necessary for the processing of the respective contract and any legal retention obligation has ceased to exist.

 Applications We are always glad to welcome new colleagues! If you apply for one of the vacant positions we offer, or if you hand in an unsolicited application, we will process your data for the application process and to decide about an optional future employment relationship.
The legal basis of this processing activity is article 6 (1) b) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in connection with § 26 BDSG.
Should we not be able to consider your application, we will delete your application, including any enclosed documents, two months after our rejection, unless we do have a justified interest in further storing the data to prove our carrying out our statutory duties, for example as they are stated in the General Equal Treatment Act (GETA).
In this case we will delete the data as soon as the reason ceases to exist.
The legal basis of this processing activity is article 6 (1) f) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in connection with § 26 BDSG.
You can object to further processing of your data at any time by withdrawing your application.
If an employment relationship should be established between you and us, you will be informed separately about the processing of your data and about the rights you are entitled to.
We use the platform Rexx for applications, which is provided by rexx systems GmbH.
For its use, the data protection provisions accessible via https://www.rexx-systems.com/datenschutz.php apply.
Please note that you will be directed to the Rexx websites as soon as you visit our application websites.

 Ways of Contact Whenever you contact us via one of the ways of contact provided, we will make use of the data provided by you to process your inquiry.
The legal basis for this is our justified interest in replying to your request according to article 6 paragraph 1 f of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
If your request is serving the purpose of concluding or processing a contract with us, the additional basis of the processing activity is article 6 paragraph 1 b of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
The data will be deleted after your request has been completed.
In cases in which we are obligated by law to store the data for a longer period, they will be deleted after the expiry of this period.

 Use of contact forms Further personal data is only collected if you provide it to us voluntarily via our contact forms.
Then we collect the information that comes about in the course of making contact.
This includes, in particular, names and contact data provided, date and reason for contact.
We will only use the personal data collected from you for the purpose of providing you with the desired products or services (legal basis Art.
6 para.
1 b) GDPR), or for other purposes for which you have given your consent (legal basis Art.
6 para.
1 a) GDPR) and which are described in this data protection declaration.
Your consent, for example for the setting of cookies by third parties or for web tracking by third parties, can also be given in the appropriate technical settings of your browser.
You can revoke your consent to the processing of personal data at any time.

 Creating a Customer Account In creating a customer account, we are processing the data provided by you for this purpose, to store and maintain them, as well as to enable you to make use of the services related to your customer account.
The legal basis of this processing activity is article 6 Abs.
1 a) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
If the customer account is created to serve the purpose of concluding or performing a contract, article 6, paragraph 1 b of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) will be an additional legal basis of the processing activity.
The data will be stored until the customer account is deleted.
In cases in which we are obligated to store the data beyond this event (to fulfill accounting obligations, for instance), or if we are legally entitled to store the data beyond this event (in case of a current lawsuit against the user account owner, for instance), the data will be deleted as soon as the obligation or the legal authorization to store the data ceases to exist.

 The information you provide to us by creating a customer account may be shared with third parties, namely the following of our partner companies.
From the time the data is passed on to the listed partner companies, their general terms and conditions and data protection declarations apply.
The terms and conditions can be read on the respective websites of the partner company.

 The data can only be passed on to the following partner companies: -	Adikteev Novalisstrasse 10 10115 Berlin, Germany www.adikteev.com/eu/privacy legal@adikteev.com

 -	sociomantic labs GmbH Paul-Lincke-Ufer 39/40 10999 Berlin, Germany www.sociomantic.com/privacy/ dataprotection@sociomantic.com

 -	Beyond Relationship Marketing GmbH Wendenstrasse 21 B 20097 Hamburg, Germany contact@beyondrm.com www.beyondrm.com/?page_id=177 contact@beyondrm.com

 -	Boranu Online B.V.
Frans Erenstraat 14A 5921VG Venlo, Niederlandeff www.boranuonline.com support@boranuonline.com

 -	Sentry 132 Hawthorne St San Francisco, CA 94107 USA https://sentry.io/privacy/ security@sentry.io

 -	Facebook Ireland Ltd.
4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour Dublin 2, Irland https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms?ref=pf https://www.facebook.com/help/contact/2061665240770586 
 Our Tweets On our website (News/Events) we are using a tool by Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, with the responsibility for data protection issues concerning users within the EU resting with Twitter International Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRLAND.
The data protection policy, which can be accessed via https://twitter.com/de/privacy applies for this tool.
Our justified interest in using this tool is providing information to you about any news we publish via twitter, to keep you informed about current information and developments concerning our company and products.
The legal basis of this processing activity is article 6 paragraph 1 f) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

 Google Webfonts We are using Google Webfonts for our website’s display.
This is a collection of fonts by Google LLC („Google“), Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, which can be used for websites in particular.
On accessing the font used on our website via your browser, the public IP address of the computer you are using will be transferred to Google LLC („Google“), Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
The IP address is a unique numeric address, through which your computer sends and receives data via the internet.
On accessing our website, your browser will load the required font in order to display the website the way we have intended.
If your browser does not support webfonts, your computer’s standard font will be used to display our website.
For further information concerning Google Webfonts, please refer to https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq.
For this, the general privacy policy of Google applies, which can be accessed via https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
Our justified interest in using Google Webfonts is to ensure a consistent appearance of our website and therefore its functionality on all devices.
Therefore, the legal basis of this processing activity is article 6 paragraph 1 f of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

 ajax.google.com Additionally, your public IP address will be forwarded to Google, due to the use of ajax.googleapis.com, a service provided by Google LLC („Google“), Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA .
On accessing the website your browser will call up a so-called programming code from Google, which is being used for our website’s functionality.
To do this, we are using servers by Google, as usually they can be accessed faster and safer than the server on which our website is accessible, due to their multitude and spatial distribution.
If your browser has loaded this programming code already, it will not be re-loaded from Google, but your browser will use the one local copy.
For further information, please refer to https://developers.google.com/speed/libraries/ .
For this service, the general data privacy policy applies, accessible via https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
Afterwards, Google will further process the IP addresses in a de-personalized way.
Our justified interest in using ajax.googleapis.com is to ensure the functionality of our websites, particularly the page load speed, regardless of the access location.
Therefore, the legal basis of this processing activity is article 6 paragraph 1 f of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

 Use of Cookies and Comparable Technologies We are using cookies for our website’s technical operations.
Cookies are small text files, which are stored on your computer through your browser when you visit our website.
Cookies are stored for different periods of time.
You can adapt the settings in your browser, regarding to which cookies it is to accept, at any time, but this may result in our website not working properly.
Additionally, you can delete cookies independently at any time.
If you don’t do this, we can indicate for how long a cookie is to be stored on your computer during the process of saving.
There is a difference between so-called session cookies and permanent cookies.
Session cookies will be deleted by your browser when you leave the website or when you quit the browser.
Permanent cookies will remain stored for the period of time we have set in the process of saving.
We only use technically necessary cookies, which are indispensable for the use of our website’s functions.
Most of the browsers employed by our users permit their settings to be adapted, concerning which cookies are to be saved.
They also permit to delete (specific) cookies.
If you are restricting cookies to be saved on specific websites, or if you are declining cookies from third party websites, you might not be able to make use of our website in its full extent.
Below please find some information concerning how to adapt the cookie settings with the most frequently used browsers: • Google Chrome (https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en) • Internet Explorer (https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies) • Firefox (https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences) • Safari (https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411?locale=en_US)

 Right of Access According to article 15 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) you have the right to demand a confirmation from our side, stating whether we are processing personal data concerning you.
If that is the case, you are entitled to intelligence about these personal data and to further information, as stated in article 15 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

 Right to Rectify According to article 16 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) you are entitled to demand of us to rectify any incorrect personal data concerning you with no delay.
With regard to the processing purposes you are also entitled to demand incomplete personal data to be completed – also by an additional statement.

 Right to Erasure You have the right to demand of us to delete your personal data with no delay.
We are obligated to delete any personal data immediately, if the relevant conditions according to article 17 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) are met.
For details, we would like to refer you to article 17 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

 Right to Restrict the Processing According to article 18 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) you are entitled to demand of us to limit the processing of your personal data, provided certain pre-conditions are met.

 Right of Data Portability According to article 20 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) you are entitled to receive your personal data you have provided to us in a structured, established and machine-readable format.
You are also entitled to transfer the data to another responsible party without any hinderance from our side, provided the processing is based on any agreement based on article 6 paragraph 1 letter a, or article 9 paragraph 2 letter a, or on a contract according to article 6 paragraph 1 letter b, and the transfer is done via automated tools.

 Right to Object According to article 21 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) you are entitled to object against your personal data’s processing based on article 6 paragraph e or f of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
This does also apply for profiling based on these regulations.

 If we are processing your personal data for direct advertisement, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data for the use of such advertisement at any time.
This does also apply to profiling, if it is connected to such advertisement.

 If you would like to exercise any of the rights you are entitled to, please contact us as the responsible party via the contact data given above, or use any of the other ways of contact provided to notify us.
If you have any questions regarding this, please contact us.

 Existence of a Right of Appeal to the Supervisory Authority According to article 77 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) you are entitled to the right of appeal to the supervisory authority without prejudice to any wider administrative or judicial remedy.
This right applies particularly within the member state of your abode, of your working place or of the suspected contravention, if you consider the processing of your personal data to be a violation of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

