
        Cookie PolicyHello, this site uses cookies to provide you with great user experience.
Learn MoreDon't allowAllow cookies What we doWho we areMine for companiesPrivacy in actionFAQBlog Sign in
Get startedLegal stuffPrivacy promise and Data ProtectionRecently Updated: January 2021
Privacy policies are the most ignored part of any website.
In fact, companies could recite the lyrics of a Spice Girls song in their policies, and no one (but lawyers) would notice.
Like most people, when you use the internet privately – on your smartphone or desktop – you probably have the impression that your activities are also private.
But the truth is that you are more exposed than you think.
At Mine, we believe privacy policies should help you understand how your Personal Data is being used and provide you with a fair choice to control it. The highlights Data collection Cookies Third parties Personal data control Data retention Security of data Transfer of personal data Persons under 16 Changes and Updates Contact us We don't have the power to change the current legal system yet.
But we do have the power to humanize our own privacy policy with these simple-to-read highlights.
Sharing Personal Data with us is entirely up to you.
By law, you don’t have to provide us with any Personal Data, but if you do, you can withdraw your consent at any time, and we will remove your account and all Personal Data associated with it.
You can always request from us to review, amend, delete, or restrict the processing of your Personal Data.
How? There’s a one-click button in your “Profile” section to delete or to get a copy of your Personal Data.
You can also send us a direct request by contacting us here.
How do we use your Personal Data?
We use your Personal Data for three reasons: 1) to provide you with our services.
2) to ensure that our services are working properly and prevent attempts to break in our systems or use your Personal Data improperly.
3) where there is a legal obligation imposed on us, or to protect legal rights.
Children under the age of 16 are not permitted to use our services.
If you are under 16 years old, we will need your parents’ or guardian’s consent.
We’re sorry, but if you are under 16, you’ll have to sit tight just a little longer to use our service without their approval.
What happens when you register for our service?
Your email inbox reflects most of your digital footprint, Mine has developed a non-intrusive technology that reconstructs that footprint while collecting the bare minimum of data.

When you register to our service, we will ask you to provide us your permission to connect to your email inbox.
We use methods such as “Connect with Google”, “Connect with Yahoo”, and “Connect with Microsoft” to securely access your email inbox.
These methods are based on the OAUTH2 secured authorization protocol, which means we don’t have any access to your password.

Then, we will identify email exchanges between you and the digital services you interacted with (for simplicity - we call them “companies”) and present you with the list of these companies.
Our technology scans only: 

the subject lines of the messages.

the email’s snippets - the first few words of the email, as presented on your email inbox’s main page.

the email’s metadata - details that are not part of the email body, such as the sender address and the email date.



During this process, we do not process or collect the content of any email in your inbox.

Now that you can access your digital footprint, you can exercise your legal rights and send reclaim requests (right-to-be-forgotten) to the companies of your choice.
Every time you decide to reclaim your Personal Data from a company, the request is transmitted directly from your email inbox.

We help you send these requests, but we do not act as an agent on your behalf.

To help you complete your reclaim requests faster and save you precious time, your requests will include the original subject lines of the last three email messages that you received from the company.
These will serve as evidence for the company that it holds your Personal Data.
In some cases, deleting your Personal Data is not a one-click process.
In other cases, companies will reach out to you to further verify your identity or ask for additional information.
To make the deletion process more comfortable, you can view the responses and reply to the companies directly from Mine’s app.
We will access and reflect the relevant email thread to you in real-time.
We don’t collect any of these email messages, your email messages remain in your own inbox.

We do not sell, trade or rent your Personal Data.

We will never sell, trade or rent your Personal Data, for any purpose. We only share Personal Data with third parties in connection with the provision of the services to our users, for example, cloud environment, customer support, and web analytics.
When you send a reclaim request to a certain company, we will share with that company the evidence to the fact that they hold your Personal Data.
This evidence is the subject lines of the last three email messages that the company has sent.
Please note that most likely that the company already has this information since it retains copies of the messages sent to you.
We share this evidence only so the company can verify and fulfill your request faster.
We safeguard and secure your personal data.
We have built our technology infrastructure and AI on privacy-by-design principals that have gone through a strict external security assessment.
We treat your Personal Data as we treat our own data – with great care.
We invest resources, deploy measures, and follow procedures to provide a safe and secure environment for your Personal Data.

If you decide to read our entire privacy policy, you should also play the lottery - you are one in a million.
In any case, we highly recommend you to read ours for further info regarding the use of your Personal Data.
Enjoy!
Discover yourdigital footprintUnleash yourself.
Remove your personal data from services you no longer use.Get startedABOUT USWhat we doWho we areMine for companiesPrivacy in actionFAQOur usersIn the pressContact usCareersBlogLEGAL STUFFPrivacy policyTerms of serviceCookie policyCCPA privacy noticeVulnerability disclosureGet the app2021 Mine®All rights reserved.Made with in Tel Aviv 
      