
All of our plans carry an unconditional 7-Day Money Back Guarantee.
So try us out – if we’re not your style, let us know within 7 days of activation for a full refund (minus S&H).
Please allow 10 business days to process your return.
Full details can be viewed in our official Terms and Conditions.
NOT WORKING OUT? NO HARD FEELINGS.
Complete the form below and our Customer Care team will process your refund.
Remember, you must submit within 7 days of activation to qualify.
Only available to new customers.

 Mint Mobile Plans
You may request a refund and cancel your new mint mobile service activation for any reason within seven (7) calendar days of activation, and we will refund the full purchase price and any associated taxes and fees, as long as you: (i) have purchased a mint mobile plan on mintmobile.com or directly from mint mobile via our amazon.com page.
and (ii) complete our refund request form located at www.mintmobile.com/return-policy or contact us directly at returns@mintmobile.com to cancel your new service activation, (collectively, the “7-day money back guarantee” or “7-day risk-free trial”).
You are not required to physically return the sim kit in order to cancel your new service activation.
Refunds will be processed within ten (10) business days after you contact us.
We will not refund any funds loaded into your account, including any unused data or international roaming.
You are not eligible for a refund for purchases made through third-parties not described herein.
You are not eligible to request a refund for a new mint mobile service activation or sim kit when forty-five (45) calendar days have passed since the date of purchase (“45-day refund exclusion”).
Sim kits that are subject to the 45-day refund exclusion and that are not subsequently activated will automatically become inactive after three (3) years following the date of purchase.
Mint Mobile Starter Kits
At any time during your Mint Starter Kit Trial, you may either: (i) convert to a full Mint Mobile service plan and receive $5.00 off your selected Mint Mobile service plan.
or (ii) request a full $5.00 refund from https://www.mintmobile.com/return-policy/ or by calling a Mint Customer Care agent at 800-683-7392.
Your Mint Starter Kit Trial SIM cards will be deactivated after approval of your refund, which will be processed within seven (7) calendar days.
Mint Mobile will only issue refunds for purchases of the Mint Starter Kit Trial made through the Mint Mobile app or at mintmobile.com/free.
Your Mint Starter Kit Trial SIM card will be deactivated on your request for a refund of the $5.00 purchase price for the Mint Starter Kit Trial, which must be requested within seven (7) calendar days after activation of your Mint Starter Kit Trial.
The Mint Starter Kit Trial offer is subject to change.
Visit mintmobile.com/free for all other terms and conditions of service.
