
        Privacy policy,This disclaimer/privacy policy notification is subject to change without notice.,Privacy matters but it can be confusing.
This page explains our approach to privacy on all our ,websites and how it affects you.,Short version,We collect anonymous statistics about your visit, like which of our pages you viewed.,Some 3rd parties like Facebook, Google and Twitter may know you visited this website, if you ,use their services.
We can’t control them but we don’t believe this knowledge poses any ,threat to you.,If you sign up with us we take great care to keep your information safe and we’ll never share ,it with others without your express permission.,We never share your data with 3rd parties except to help us deliver our own services.,These are just the key points.
If you need detail, keep reading.,Measuring our visitors,We measure visitors to our website using Google Analytics.
This records what pages you view within ,our site, how you arrived at our site and some basic information about your computer.
All of that ,information is anonymous –so we don’t know who you are.
just thatsomebodyvisited our site.,The information we collect from analytics helps us understand what parts of our sites are doing well, ,how people arrive at our site and so on.
Like most websites, we use this information to make our ,website better.,You can learn more aboutGoogle Analyticsoropt out if you wish.,Facebook, Twitter and other social networks,These services provide social buttons and similar features which we use on our website –such as the ,“Like” and “Tweet” buttons.,To do so we embed code that they provide and we do not control ourselves.
To function their ,buttons generally know if you’re logged in.
for example Facebook use this to say “x of your friends ,like this”.
We do not have any access to that information, nor can we control how those networks ,use it.,Social networks thereforecouldknow that you’re viewing this website, if you use their services (that ,isn’t to say they do, but their policies may change).
As our website is remarkably inoffensive we ,imagine this is not a concern for most users.,Discussion comments,We do not use any discussion system like a Disqus.,If you sign up for a service,You do not need to sign up to use our service, therefore we do not collect any information regarding ,user personal details.,Emails,We may send you email notifications regarding your service or which you have specifically requested.
,You have the ability to opt out of any of this communication at any time.
We willneverprovide your ,email address to any third parties except where they are specifically employed to help deliver our ,own services, as detailed above.,Security,MinuteInboxtake many precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal ,information.
These precautions include:,Use of SSL encryption for sensitive data,Hardware stored in secured datacentres behind firewalls,All access to information restricted by password and/or secure key,Restrictions to what information can be accessed via any location,Whilst we take great care to ensure any confidential information remains protected we cannot ,guarantee the security of data sent over the Internet.,Of course you are responsible for keeping your password and user details confidential.
Nobody at ,MinuteInboxwill ever ask you for your password, so pleasedon’t trust anybody asking you for it.,Data finding,MinuteInboxmakes use of various 3rd party APIs to collect information about websites.
For example ,we use the Google A API to gather local presence information (see Google Map’s privacy policy).,Updates to this policy,We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time, particularly as technology changes.
You can ,always check this page for the latest version.
We may also notify you of changes to our privacypolicy ,by email.,Any questions?,If you have any questions about this privacy policy or your personal data, please write to us by email ,tosupport@plustransfer.com,Terms of Service:,The following terms and conditions govern all use of the MinuteInbox.netwebsite and all content, ,services and products available at or through the website (taken together, the Website).
The Website ,is offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions ,contained herein and all other operating rules, policies (including, without limitation, MinuteInbox's ,Privacy Policy) and procedures that may be published from time to time on this Site by ,MinuteInbox.net (collectively, the "Agreement").,Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using the Website.
By accessing or using any ,part of the web site, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement.
If ,you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the ,Website or use any services.
If these terms and conditions are considered an offer by ,MinuteInbox.net, acceptance is expressly limited to these terms.
The Website is available only to ,individuals who are at least 13 years old.,Your MinuteInbox.netAccount and Site.
If you create a blog/site on the Website, you are responsible ,for maintaining the security of your account and blog, and you are fully responsible for all activities ,that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with the blog.
You must not ,describe or assign keywords to your blog in a misleading or unlawful manner, including in a manner ,intended to trade on the name or reputation of others, and MinuteInbox.netmay change or remove ,any description or keyword that it considers inappropriate or unlawful, or otherwise likely to cause ,MinuteInbox.netliability.
You must immediately notify MinuteInbox.netof any unauthorized uses of ,your blog, your account or any other breaches of security.
MinuteInbox.netwill not be liable for any ,acts or omissions by You, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or ,omissions.,Responsibility of Contributors.
If you operate a blog, comment on a blog, post material to the ,Website, post links on the Website, or otherwise make (or allow any third party to make) material ,available by means of the Website (any such material, "Content"), You are entirely responsible for ,the content of, and any harm resulting from, that Content.
That is the case regardless of whether the ,Content in question constitutes text, graphics, an audio file, or computer software.
By making ,Content available, you represent and warrant that:,the downloading, copying and use of the Content will not infringe the proprietary rights, including ,but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark or trade secret rights, of any third party;,if your employer has rights to intellectual property you create, you have either (i) received ,permission from your employer to post or make available the Content, including but not limited to ,any software, or (ii) secured from your employer a waiver as to all rights in or to the Content;,you have fully complied with any third-party licenses relating to the Content, andhave done all ,things necessary to successfully pass through to end users any required terms;,the Content does not contain or install any viruses, worms, malware, Trojan horses or other harmful ,or destructive content;,the Content is not spam, is not machine-or randomly-generated, and does not contain unethical or ,unwanted commercial content designed to drive traffic to third party sites or boost the search engine ,rankings of third party sites, or to further unlawful acts (such as phishing) or mislead recipients as to ,the source of the material (such as spoofing);,the Content is not pornographic, does not contain threats or incite violence towards individuals or ,entities, and does not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party;,your blog is not getting advertised via unwanted electronic messages such as spam links on ,newsgroups, email lists, other blogs and web sites, and similar unsolicited promotional methods;,your blog is not named in a manner that misleads your readers into thinking that you are another ,person or company.
For example, your blog's URL or name is not the name of a person other than ,yourself or company other than your own.
and,you have, in the case of Content that includes computer code, accurately categorized and/or ,described the type, nature, uses and effects of the materials, whether requested to do so by ,MinuteInbox.netor otherwise.,By submitting Content to MinuteInbox.netfor inclusion on your Website, you grant MinuteInbox.net,a world-wide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt and publish the ,Content solely for the purpose of displaying, distributing and promoting your blog.
If you delete ,Content, MinuteInbox.netwill use reasonable efforts to remove it from the Website, but you ,acknowledge that caching or references to the Content may not be made immediately unavailable.,Without limiting any of those representations or warranties, MinuteInbox.nethas the right (though ,not the obligation) to, in MinuteInbox.net's sole discretion (i) refuse or remove any content that, in ,MinuteInbox.net's reasonable opinion, violates any MinuteInbox.netpolicy or is in any way harmful ,or objectionable, or (ii) terminate or deny access to and use of the website to any individual or entity ,for any reason, in MinuteInbox.net's sole discretion.
MinuteInbox.netwill have no obligation to ,provide a refund of any amounts previously paid.Responsibility of Website Visitors.
MinuteInbox.net,has not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, posted to the ,Website,and cannot therefore be responsible for that material's content, use or effects.
By operating ,the Website, MinuteInbox.netdoes not represent or imply that it endorses the material there ,posted, or that it believes such material to be accurate, useful or non-harmful.
You are responsible ,for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, ,worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content.
The Website may contain content ,that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise ,objectionable, as well as content containing technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other ,errors.
The Website may also contain material that violates the privacy or publicity rights, or infringes ,the intellectual property and other proprietary rights, of third parties, or the downloading, copying or ,use of which is subject to additional terms and conditions, stated or unstated.
MinuteInbox.net,disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from the use by visitors of the Website, or from ,any downloading by those visitors of content there posted.,Content Posted on Other Websites.
We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, ,including computer software, made available through the websites and webpages to which ,MinuteInbox.netlinks, and that link to MinuteInbox.net.
MinuteInbox.netdoes not have any control ,over those non-MinuteInbox.netwebsites and webpages, and is not ,responsible for their contents or their use.
By linking to a non-MinuteInbox.netwebsite or webpage, ,MinuteInbox.netdoes not represent or imply that it endorses such website or webpage.
You are ,responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from ,viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content.
MinuteInbox.netdisclaims ,any responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of non-MinuteInbox.netwebsites and ,webpages.,Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy.
As MinuteInbox.netasks others to respect its intellectual ,property rights, it respects the intellectual property rights of others.
If you believe that material ,located on or linked to by MinuteInbox.netviolates your copyright, you are encouraged to notify ,MinuteInbox.netin accordance with MinuteInbox.net's Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") ,Policy.
MinuteInbox.netwill respond to all such notices, including as required or appropriate by ,removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing material.
MinuteInbox.netwill ,terminate a visitor's access to and use of the Website if, under appropriate circumstances, the visitor ,is determined to be a repeat infringer of the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of ,MinuteInbox.netor others.
In the case of such termination, MinuteInbox.netwill have no obligation ,to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid to MinuteInbox.net.,Intellectual Property.
This Agreement does not transfer from MinuteInbox.netto you any ,MinuteInbox.netor third party intellectual property, and all right, title and interest in and to such ,property will remain (as betweenthe parties) solely with MinuteInbox.net.
,MinuteInbox.net, MinuteInbox.net, the MinuteInbox.netlogo, and all other trademarks, service ,marks, graphics and logos used in connection with MinuteInbox.net, or the Website are trademarks ,or registered trademarks of MinuteInbox.netor MinuteInbox.net's licensors.
Other trademarks, ,service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website may be the trademarks of ,other third parties.
Your use of the Website grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise ,use anyMinuteInbox.netor third-party trademarks.,Advertisements.
MinuteInbox.netreserves the right to display advertisements on your blog unless ,you have purchased an ad-free account.,Attribution.
MinuteInbox.netreserves the right to display attribution links such as 'Blog at ,MinuteInbox.net,' theme author, and font attribution in your blog footer or toolbar.,Partner Products.
By activating a partner product (e.g.
theme) from one of our partners, you agree to ,that partner's terms of service.
You can opt out of their terms of service at any time by de-activating ,the partner product.,Domain Names.
If you are registering a domain name, using or transferring a previously registered ,domain name, you acknowledge and agree that use of the domain name is also subject to the ,policies of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ("ICANN"), including their ,Registration Rights and Responsibilities.,Changes.
MinuteInbox.netreserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any part of ,this Agreement.
It is your responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes.
Your ,continued use of or access to the Website following the posting of any changes to this Agreement ,constitutes acceptance of those changes.
MinuteInbox.netmay also, in the future, offer new services ,and/or features through the Website (including, the release of new tools and resources).
Such new ,features and/or services shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.,Termination.
MinuteInbox.netmay terminate your access to all or any part of the Website at any ,time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately.
If you wish to terminate ,this Agreement or your MinuteInbox.netaccount (if you have one), you may simply discontinue using ,the Website.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you have a paid services account, such account can ,only be terminated by MinuteInbox.netif you materially breach this Agreement and fail to cure such ,breach within thirty (30) days from MinuteInbox.net's notice to you thereof.
provided that, ,MinuteInbox.netcan terminate the Website immediately as part of a general shut down of our ,service.
All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall ,survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, ,indemnity and limitations of liability.,Disclaimer of Warranties.
The Website is provided "as is".
MinuteInbox.netand its suppliers and ,licensors hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, ,the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
Neither ,MinuteInbox.netnor its suppliers and licensors, makes any warranty that the Website will be error ,free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted.
You understand that you download ,from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, the Website at your own discretion and risk.,Limitation of Liability.
In no event will MinuteInbox.net, or its suppliers or licensors, be liable with ,respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or ,other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential damages.
(ii) the cost ,of procurement for substitute products or services.
(iii) for interruption of use or loss or corruption of ,data.
or (iv) for any amounts that exceed the fees paid by you to MinuteInbox.netunder this ,agreement during the twelve (12) month period prior tothe cause of action.
MinuteInbox.netshall ,have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond their reasonable control.
The ,foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.,General Representation and Warranty.
You representand warrant that (i) your use of the Website ,will be in strict accordance with the MinuteInbox.netPrivacy Policy, with this Agreement and ,with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in ,your ,country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, ,and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the ,United States or the country in which you reside) and (ii) youruse of the Website will not infringe or ,misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party.,Indemnification.
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless MinuteInbox.net, its contractors, and its ,licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all ,claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising out of your use of the Website, including but ,not limited to your violation of this Agreement.,Miscellaneous.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between MinuteInbox.netand you ,concerning the subject matter hereof, and they may only be modified by a written amendment ,signed by an authorized executive of MinuteInbox.net, or by the posting by MinuteInbox.netof a ,revised version.
Except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise, this Agreement, any ,access to or use of the Website will be governed by the laws of the state of Czech Republic., ,excluding its conflict of law provisions, and the proper venue for any disputes arising out of or ,relating to any of the same will be the state and federal courts located Czech Rep.
Except for claims ,for injunctive or equitable relief or claims regarding intellectual property rights (which may be,brought in any competent court without the posting of a bond), any dispute arising under this ,Agreement shall be finally settled in accordance with the Comprehensive Arbitration Rules of the ,Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Service, Inc.
("JAMS") by three arbitrators appointed in accordance ,with such Rules.
The arbitration shall take place in Czech Republic, in the English language and the ,arbitral decision may be enforced in any court.
The prevailing party in any action or proceeding to ,enforce this Agreement shall be entitled to costs and attorneys' fees.
If any part of this Agreement is ,held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties' original intent, and ,the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect.
A waiver by either party of any term or ,condition of this Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or ,condition or any subsequent breach thereof.
You may assign your rights under this Agreement to any ,party that consents to, and agrees to be bound by, its terms and conditions.
MinuteInbox.netmay ,assign its rights under this Agreement without condition.
This Agreement will be binding upon and ,will inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.,Cookie policy,This cookie policy ("Policy") describes what cookies are and how Website Operator ("Website ,Operator", "we", "us" or "our") uses them on the MinuteInbox.netwebsite and any of its products or ,services (collectively, "Website" or "Services").,You should read this Policy so you can understand what type of cookies we use, the information we ,collect using cookies and how that information is used.
It also describes the choices available to you ,regarding accepting or declining the use of cookies.,What are cookies?,Cookies are small pieces of data stored in text files that are saved on your computer or other devices ,when websites are loaded in a browser.
They are widely used to remember you and your ,preferences, either for a single visit (through a"session cookie") or for multiple repeat visits (using a ,"persistent cookie").
,Session cookies are temporary cookies that are used during the course of your visit to the Website, ,and they expire when you close the web browser.
,Persistent cookies are used to remember your preferences within our Website and remain on your ,desktop or mobile device even after you close your browser or restart your computer.
They ensure a ,consistent and efficient experience for you while visiting our Website or using our Services.,What type of cookies do we use?,-Necessary cookies,Necessary cookies allow us to offer you the best possible experience when accessing and navigating ,through our Website and using its features.
For example, these cookies let us recognize that you ,have created an account and have logged into that account to access the content.
,-Functionality cookies Functionality cookies let us operate the Website and our Services in ,accordance with the choices you make.
For example, we will recognize your usernameand ,remember how you customized the Website and Services during future visits.,-Analytical cookies These cookies enable us and third-party services to collect aggregated data for ,statistical purposes on how our visitors use the Website.
These cookies do not contain personal ,information such as names and email addresses and are used to help us improve your user ,experience of the Website.
,What are your cookie options? ,If you don't like the idea of cookies or certain types of cookies, you can changeyour browser's ,settings to delete cookies that have already been set and to not accept new cookies.
To learn more ,about how to do this or to learn more about cookies, visit internetcookies.org,Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or do not accept them, you might not be able to use ,all of the features our Website and Services offer.,Changes and amendments,We reserve the right to modify this Policy relating to the Website or Services at any time, effective ,upon posting of an updated version ofthis Policy on the Website.
When we do we will post a ,notification on the main page of our Website.
,Acceptance of this policy ,You acknowledge that you have read this Policy and agree to all its terms and conditions.
By using ,the Website or its Services you agree to be bound by this Policy.
If you do not agree to abide by the ,terms of this Policy, you are not authorized to use or access the Website and its Services.
,Contacting us ,If you would like to contact us to understand more about this Policy or wish to contact us concerning ,any matter relating to our use of cookies, you may do so via the contact form,This document was last updated on October 20, 01.
2020
      