
        Terms and Conditions 1.
Terms  By accessing this Website, accessible from https://modrinth.com, you are agreeing to be bound by these Website Terms and Conditions of Use and agree that you are responsible for the agreement with any applicable local laws.
If you disagree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from accessing this site.
The materials contained in this Website are protected by copyright and trade mark law.
 2.
Use License  Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials on Rinth, Inc.'s Website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only.
This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not: 

modify or copy the materials;
 use the materials for any commercial purpose or for any public display.

 attempt to reverse engineer any software contained on Rinth, Inc.'s Website.

 remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials.
or 
 transferring the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.


 This will let Rinth, Inc.
to terminate upon violations of any of these restrictions.
Upon termination, your viewing right will also be terminated and you should destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether it is printed or electronic format.
 3.
Disclaimer  All the materials on Rinth, Inc.’s Website are provided "as is".
Rinth, Inc.
makes no warranties, may it be expressed or implied, therefore negates all other warranties.
Furthermore, Rinth, Inc.
does not make any representations concerning the accuracy or reliability of the use of the materials on its Website or otherwise relating to such materials or any sites linked to this Website.
 4.
Limitations  Rinth, Inc.
or its suppliers will not be hold accountable for any damages that will arise with the use or inability to use the materials on Rinth, Inc.’s Website, even if Rinth, Inc.
or an authorize representative of this Website has been notified, orally or written, of the possibility of such damage.
Some jurisdiction does not allow limitations on implied warranties or limitations of liability for incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
 5.
Revisions and Errata  The materials appearing on Rinth, Inc.’s Website may include technical, typographical, or photographic errors.
Rinth, Inc.
will not promise that any of the materials in this Website are accurate, complete, or current.
Rinth, Inc.
may change the materials contained on its Website at any time without notice.
Rinth, Inc.
does not make any commitment to update the materials.
 6.
Links  Rinth, Inc.
has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site.
The presence of any link does not imply endorsement by Rinth, Inc.
of the site.
The use of any linked website is at the user’s own risk.
 7.
Site Terms of Use Modifications  Rinth, Inc.
may revise these Terms of Use for its Website at any time without prior notice.
By using this Website, you are agreeing to be bound by the current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
 8.
Your Privacy  Please read our Privacy Policy.
 9.
Governing Law  Any claim related to Rinth, Inc.'s Website shall be governed by the laws of us without regards to its conflict of law provisions.
 10.
Content  When you upload text, software, mods, scripts, graphics, photos, audio, videos, links, interactive features and other materials that may be viewed on or accessed through Modrinth, we refer to it as "Content".


 You are responsible for all activity and Content that is uploaded under your Modrinth account.

 You retain all of your ownership rights to your Content.
We do not claim any ownership in or to any of your Content.

 To enable us to provide the services of Modrinth, you hereby grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, and unrestricted license to use, reproduce, distribute copies, prepare derivative works of, or display Content in connection with Modrinth in any medium and for any purpose (including commercial purposes).


 All Content on Modrinth must obey the Content Rules.
Please be aware of these Rules before uploading any Content to Modrinth.

