
         Mokum.place

 Sign in · Sign up Search User manual Back to table of contents Privacy policy We collect the following data about you:
I.
Email address associated with each user account.
This email address is used to send you the account activation link and password reminder email.
It could also be used to contact you in case there is an issue with your account that requires some cooperation from you.
Email addresses will never be shared with anyone else.
When your account is purged, your email address will be erased.
You
can see your email address on your “Settings” page.
You can change it
by sending “I need to change my email address” request to @support group.
II.
a) IP address of every page and URL access.
b) IP address of API
calls executed with API tokens authentication.
c) IP address of
last successful login to your account.
IP address information could be used to analyze service access
patterns to improve quality of service and to prevent undesired
activity.
IP addresses will be erased after 21 days.
They are never
shared with anyone else. Third-party website analytics.
We use Google Analytics to understand how our website is used.
You can opt-out by enabling the “Do Not Track” feature of your
browser, or by using privacy ad blocker software. Data portability You can use Mokum Takeout feature (https://mokum.place/takeout) to
download content that you’ve posted to Mokum in machine-readable
format. Deleting your account You can deactivate and remove your account via your “Settings” page.
Your account will be deactivated immediately, and your content will be
removed in 14 days unless you login again and reactivate your account
during this grace period.
Your comments in other people’s posts will be preserved by default
after your account is deleted.
Please post to @support group if you
feel the need to change that. Support requests If you have any questions or requests please post to @support group.
Do not share private information right away, you will be advised on
more secure channel depending on the nature of your request.
Version 1.
Last update: 2018-05-24. LivePausedCommunity


Best of Mokum


Most faved


Well said


Everything


About Mokum


Share on Mokum: bookmarklet
 Sign in · Sign up 2015-2020 Mokum.place 
      