
         monkey see
monkeytype
Privacy Policy 

Effective date: September 8, 2021

Thanks for trusting Monkeytype ('Monkeytype', 'we', 'us', 'our') with
your personal information, your code, and your projects! We take our
responsibility to you very seriously, and so this Privacy Statement
describes how we handle your data.


This Privacy Statement applies to all websites we own and operate and
to all services we provide (collectively, the 'Services').
So...PLEASE
READ THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT CAREFULLY.
By using the Services, you are
expressly and voluntarily accepting the terms and conditions of this
Privacy Statement and our Terms of Service, which include allowing us
to process information about you.


Under this Privacy Statement, we are the data controller responsible
for processing your personal information.
Our contact information
appears at the end of this Privacy Statement.

Table of Contents

What data do we collect?

How do we collect your data?

How will we use your data?
How do we store your data?
 What are your data protection rights? 
What log data do we collect?
What are cookies?
How do we use cookies?
 What types of cookies do we use? 
How to manage your cookies

Privacy policies of other websites

 Changes to our privacy policy 
How to contact us

What data do we collect?
Monkeytype collects the following data:

Email
Username
Information about each typing test
Your currently active settings
How many typing tests you've started and completed
How long you've been typing on the website

How do we collect your data?

You directly provide most of the data we collect.
We collect data and
process data when you:


Create an account
Complete a typing test
Change settings on the website

How will we use your data?
Monkeytype collects your data so that we can:


Allow you to view result history of previous tests you completed


Save results from tests you take and show you statistics based on
them

Remember your settings
Display leaderboards

How do we store your data?
Monkeytype securely stores your data using Firebase Firestore. What are your data protection rights? 
Monkeytype would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your
data protection rights.
Every user is entitled to the following:



The right to access – You have the right to request Monkeytype for
copies of your personal data.
We may limit the number of times this
request can be made to depending on the size of the request.


The right to rectification – You have the right to request that
Monkeytype correct any information you believe is inaccurate.
You
also have the right to request Monkeytype to complete the
information you believe is incomplete.


The right to erasure – You have the right to request that Monkeytype
erase your personal data, under certain conditions.


The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request
that Monkeytype restrict the processing of your personal data, under
certain conditions.


The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to
Monkeytype processing of your personal data, under certain
conditions.


The right to data portability – You have the right to request that
Monkeytype transfer the data that we have collected to another
organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.

 What log data do we collect?

Like most websites, Monkeytype collects information that your browser
sends whenever you visit the website.
This data may include internet
protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider
(ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and time spent on
each page.

THIS DATA DOES NOT CONTAIN ANY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION.

We use this information for analyzing trends, administering the site,
tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic
information.

In our case, this service is provided by Google Analytics.
What are cookies?

Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard
Internet log information and visitor behavior information.
When you
visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically
through cookies or similar technology


For further information, visit www.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_cookie
.

How do we use cookies?

Monkeytype uses cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience
on our website, including:


Keeping you signed in
Remembering your active settings
Remembering your active tags

What types of cookies do we use?

There are a number of different types of cookies.
however, our website
uses functionality cookies.
Monkeytype uses these cookies so we
recognize you on our website and remember your previously selected
settings.

How to manage your cookies

You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and the above website
tells you how to remove cookies from your browser.
However, in a few
cases, some of our website features may behave unexpectedly or fail to
function as a result.

Privacy policies of other websites

Monkeytype contains links to other external websites.


Our privacy policy only applies to our website, so if you click on
a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.



Changes to our privacy policy

Monkeytype keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places
any updates on this web page.
The Monkeytype privacy policy may be
subject to change at any given time without notice.
This privacy
policy was last updated on 22 April 2021.
 How to contact us

If you have any questions about Monkeytype’s privacy policy, the data
we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data
protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.


Email: jack@monkeytype.com 
Discord: Miodec#1512 
      