
        Terms of use







REGULATIONS OF THE ONLINE STORE sps24.eu from March 2, 2020






I.
Definitions


Terms used in the Regulations mean:


1.
Client - a natural person, a legal person or an organizational unit that is not a legal person, the special provisions of which grant legal capacity, which makes orders under the Store


2.
Consumer - in accordance with art.
22 [1] of the Civil Code means a natural person making a legal transaction with an entrepreneur not directly related to its business or professional activity.


3.
Civil Code - the Act of 23 April 1964 (Journal of Laws No.
16, item 93, as amended)


4.
Regulations - these Regulations for the provision of electronic services as part of an online store sps24.eu


5.
Online store (Store) - an internet service available under sps24.eu, through which the Customer may, in particular, place orders


6.
Goods - products presented in the Online Store


7.
Sales contract - a contract for the sale of Goods within the meaning of the Civil Code, concluded between Eprime Marek Mucha and the customer, concluded using the online store website


8.
Consumer Rights Act - Act of 30 May 2014 on consumer rights (Journal of Laws of 2014, item 827)


9.
The Act on the provision of electronic services - the Act of 18 July 2002 on the provision of electronic services (Journal of Laws No.
144, item 1204, as amended)


10.
Order - Customer's declaration of intent, aimed directly at the conclusion of the Sales Agreement, specifying in particular the type and number of the Goods.


11.
RODO - Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data and repealing Directive 95/46 / EC (general regulation on data protection).





II.
General provisions



2.1.
These Regulations define the rules for using the online store available at: https://sps24.eu


2.2.
These Regulations are the regulations referred to in art.
8 of the Act on the provision of electronic services.


2.3.
Online store, operating at: https://sps24.eu, is maintained by Eprime Marek Mucha.


2.4.
These Regulations specify in particular
a) the rules for registering and using an account as part of an online store;
b) the terms and conditions for making an electronic reservation of products available as part of an online store;
c) terms and conditions for submitting orders via the online store;
d) the rules for concluding Sales Agreements with the use of services provided as part of the online store.


2.5.
Using the online store is possible provided that the IT system used by the Customer meets the following minimum technical requirements:
a) Internet Explorer


2.6.
In order to use the online store, the customer should get access to a computer station or terminal device with access to the Internet.


2.7.
In accordance with applicable law, eprime reserves the right to limit the provision of services via the Online Store to persons who have reached the age of 18 years.
In this case, potential customers will be notified of the above.


2.8.
Customers can access these Regulations at any time via the link found on the home page of the site http://sps24.eu/Terms-of-use-cterms-eng-18.html and download it and print it out.


2.9.
Eprime may process personal data in order to perform the order based on art.
6 par.
1 lit.
b RODO and that you obtain this data from customers


2.9.1 The transfer of these data is voluntary, but necessary to complete the order.
Because without this data, there will be no contract - buy sale


2.9.2 The Data Administrator is eprime Marek Mucha ul.Fredry 13/4 59-300 Lubin, email: marek@eprime.pl


2.9.3 The personal data processing time is undefined due to the rebate policy and the preparation of special offers


2.9.4 The customer has the right to request access to his personal data, rectification, deletion or limitation of processing, as well as the right to object to the processing and the right to transfer data.


2.9.5 the customer has the right to file a complaint to the supervisory body, which is the President of the Office for Personal Data Protection.


2.9.6 payments are handled by PayLane sp.z o.o.
with its registered office in Gdańsk at 4 Norwida Street, postal code: 80-280, KRS: 0000227278.


2.9.7.eprime undertakes to observe the confidentiality related to the Customer's data and not to disclose such data to unauthorized persons and to duly secure this information against access by any unauthorized person.
eprime as the sps24.eu Store may not use this data for purposes other than those specified in the Regulations.





III.
The rules of using the Online Store



3.1.
The condition to start using the Online Store is registration within its framework.


3.2.
Registration takes place by completing and accepting the registration form, available on one of the Store's websites.


3.3.
The condition of registration is to agree to the content of the Regulations and provide personal data marked as mandatory.


3.4.
eprime may deprive the Customer of the right to use the Online Store, as well as limit its access to some or all of the Online Store's resources, with immediate effect, if the Customer violates the Regulations, in particular when the Customer:
a) provided during registration in the Online Store data that are untrue, inaccurate or out of date, misleading or violating the rights of third parties,
b) committed, via the Online Store, the infringement of personal rights of third parties, in particular the personal rights of other customers of the Online Store,
c) to engage in other behaviors that will be considered by eprime as behavior incompliant with applicable law or general principles of using the Internet or harming the good name of eprime


3.5.
A person who has been deprived of the right to use the Online Store may not re-register without prior eprime consent.


3.6.
In order to ensure the security of the transmission of messages and data in relation to the services provided on the Website, the Online Store takes technical and organizational measures appropriate to the degree of security threat to the services provided, in particular measures to prevent the unauthorized collection and modification of personal data sent on the Internet.


3.7.
The customer is obliged in particular to:
a) not providing or forwarding content prohibited by law, e.g.
content that promotes violence, defamatory or violates personal rights and other rights of third parties,
b) use the Online Store in a way that does not interfere with its operation, in particular through the use of specific software or devices,
c) failure to take actions such as: sending or placing unsolicited commercial information (spam) as part of the Online Store,
d) use the Online Store in a manner that is not inconvenient for other clients and for Eprime Marek Mucha
e) use any content posted as part of the Online Store only for personal use,
f) use the Online Store in a manner consistent with the provisions of the law in force in the Republic of Poland, the provisions of the Regulations, as well as the general principles of using the Internet.





IV.
The procedure of conclusion of the Sales Agreement



4.1.
Information about the Goods provided on the Store's websites, in particular their descriptions, technical and functional parameters and prices, constitute an invitation to conclude an agreement, within the meaning of art.
71 of the Civil Code.


4.2.
In order to conclude a Sales Agreement via the Online Store, go to the sps24.eu website, make a selection, take further technical steps based on the messages displayed to the Customer and the information available on the website.


4.3.
The selection of the Goods ordered by the Customer is made by adding them to the basket.


4.4.
During placing the Order - until the "Order" button is pressed - the Customer has the possibility to modify the entered data and the selected Good.
To do this, follow the messages displayed to the Client and the information available on the website.


4.5.
After providing the Customer using the Online Store with all necessary data, a summary of the placed Order will be displayed.
The summary of the submitted Order will contain information regarding:
a) the subject of the order,
b) unit and total price of ordered products or services, including delivery costs and additional costs (if any),
c) the chosen payment method,
d) the chosen method of delivery,
e) delivery time,


4.6.
In order to send an Order, it is necessary to accept the content of the Regulations, provide personal data marked as mandatory and press the "I am ordering and paying" button.


4.7.
Sending the Order by the Customer is a declaration of will to conclude the Sale Agreement with eprime, in accordance with the Regulations.


4.8.
After submitting the Order, the Customer receives an e-mail containing the final confirmation of all essential elements of the Order.


4.9.
The contract shall be treated as concluded with the moment the Customer receives the e-mail referred to above.


5.0.
The sales contract is concluded in Polish, with the content in accordance with the Regulations.


5.1.
Customers can access these Regulations at any time via the link found on the home page of sps24.eu and download it and print it out.


5.2.
Consolidation, security and access to the Order data and General Terms and Conditions (online shop terms and conditions) takes place via email.





V.
Delivery



5.1.
The delivery of the Goods is limited to the territory of the Republic of Poland and takes place at the address indicated by the Customer while placing the Order.


5.2.
Delivery of the ordered Goods is carried out by courier and polish post.
Delivery costs will be indicated at the time of placing the Order.


5.3.
The time of delivery is from 2 business days from the date of sending the Order by the Customer.





VI.
Prices and payment methods



6.1.
Commodity prices are given in Polish zloty and include all components, including VAT (with distinction from the rate), customs and all other components.


6.2.
The customer has the opportunity to pay the price:
a) by bank transfer to the bank account number PL 09 1090 2138 0000 0001 1801 4100,
b) payment in the pay system
c) payment with a VISA or MASTERCARD payment card "the credit card will be charged at the time of sending the goods",
d) payment in the paypal system







VII.
The right to withdraw from the contract



Only the Customer who is also a Consumer has 14 days to withdraw from the contract.
The consumer has the right to withdraw from this contract within 14 days without giving any reason.
The deadline to withdraw from the contract expires after 14 days from the day



"In which you came into possession of things or in which a third party other than the carrier and indicated by you came into possession of things."



To exercise your right to withdraw from the contract, you must inform us eprime Marek Mucha ul.Fredry 13/4 59-300 Lubin, email marek@eprime.pl about your decision to withdraw from this contract by way of a clear statement (for example, a letter sent by post , by fax or email).


You can use the model withdrawal form, but it is not mandatory.


To keep the deadline to withdraw from the contract, it is enough for you to send information regarding the exercise of your right to withdraw from the contract before the deadline to withdraw from the contract.



Effects of withdrawal from the contract



In the event of withdrawal from this contract, we will refund to you all payments received from you, including delivery costs (except for additional costs resulting from the delivery method chosen by you other than the cheapest method of delivery offered by us), promptly and in any case not later than 14 days from the date on which we were informed about your decision to exercise the right to withdraw from this contract.
We will make a refund using the same payment methods that you used in the original transaction, unless you have explicitly agreed otherwise.
in any case, you will not incur any fees in connection with this return.



"We may withhold reimbursement until receipt of the item or until proof of its return is provided to us, whichever occurs first."




"Please send back or give us a favor to eprime Marek Mucha ul.Fredry 13/4 59-300 Lubin, immediately and in any case no later than 14 days from the date on which you informed us of your withdrawal from this contract.
The deadline is met if you send back the item before the deadline of 14 days.
"






"You will have to bear the direct cost of returning the items."






VIII.
Complaints about the Goods



8.1.
eprime as the seller is liable to the Customer being a Consumer within the meaning of art.
22 [1] of the Civil Code, under the warranty for defects in the scope specified in the Civil Code, in particular in art.
556 and art.
556 [1] - 556 [3] and subsequent Civil Code.


8.2.
Complaints arising from infringements of rights guaranteed by law or under these Regulations should be sent to the following address: @ eprime, pl, eprime undertakes to consider each complaint within 14 days.
Failure to examine the complaint within the above deadline means that it is justified.


8.3.eprime is not a producer of goods.
The producer is responsible for the warranty of the sold Goods on terms and for the period indicated in the warranty card.
If the guarantee document provides for such a possibility, the Customer may submit his claims under the guarantee directly to an authorized service center whose address is included in the warranty card.





IX.
Complaints in electronic service networks



9.1.
To the extent that results from current knowledge and news, in the event that


9.2.
The customer is obliged to remove the notification of abuse or interruptions in the functioning of the Online Store.


9.3.
Irregularities related to the functioning of the Store may be reported to the following address: Marek Mucha ul.Fredry 13/4 59-300 Lubin, by e-mail at marek@eprime.pl or using the contact form.


9.4.
In the complaint, the Institution which supervises the proceedings.


9.5.
eprime undertakes to review the complaint within 14 days.
Failure to meet the conditions of simplification for their recognition as justified.





X.
Settlement of disputes and final provisions



10.1.
A customer who is a Consumer may use non-judicial means of dealing with complaints and redress if interested.
Disputes regarding online purchases can be solved through mediation proceedings before the Provincial Inspectorates of the Trade Inspection or before the arbitration court at the Provincial Inspectorate of Trade Inspection.
The consumer may also use other methods of out-of-court dispute resolution and, for example, file a complaint through the EU ODR online platform, available at: http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/


10.2.
In the absence of interest from the Consumer, the possibility of using out-of-court dispute resolution, resolution of any disputes arising between the eprime and the Consumer, will be subject to the competent courts in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Code of Civil Procedure.


10.3.The settlement of any disputes arising between eprime and the Customer, who is not also a Consumer, will be subject to the court having jurisdiction over the eprime seat.


10.4.
In matters not covered by these Regulations, the provisions of the Civil Code, the provisions of the Act on the provision of electronic services and other relevant provisions of Polish law shall apply.


10.5 In matters not covered by these Regulations, the provisions of the Civil Code and relevant laws of the Polish law, as well as European Union law, in particular RODO, shall apply.


