
         Mozilla VPN Privacy Notice Effective May 6, 2021 At Mozilla, we design products with your privacy in mind.
Mozilla VPN protects your device’s internet connections.
Mozilla partners with Mullvad to privately and securely encrypt your internet traffic.
This privacy notice explains what data Mozilla VPN collects, shares, and why.
We also adhere to the Mozilla Privacy Policy for how we receive, handle, and share information. Things you should know:
Information we collect
Firefox Account information. This service requires a Firefox Account, which sends Mozilla VPN your email address, locale, and IP address.
Learn more about Firefox Account data practices.

Location information. Mozilla VPN receives your IP address from your Firefox Account when you sign up for and use the service.
We use the IP address in order to approximate your location because Mozilla VPN is currently only available in certain countries.

Payment information. When you subscribe to Mozilla VPN, you will send payment through one of our third-party payment providers: Stripe, Apple, PayPal, or Google Pay.
Mozilla receives a record of your account (including your billing address and the last four digits of your payment method) and the status of your account’s subscription.
Mozilla does not store your full payment details.


Interaction data. Mozilla receives data about your interactions with Mozilla VPN, including when you log in and when you request the server list.

Technical data. Mozilla receives basic information from Mozilla VPN about the installed VPN version and the devices it’s installed on, including the operating system and hardware configuration.
When Mozilla VPN connects to our servers to authenticate and update your Mozilla VPN account, your IP address is temporarily collected as part of our server logs.
No server logs of your network activity are maintained by our partner Mullvad when you're using the Mozilla VPN service.
We use the data to improve performance and stability for our users, and to measure Mozilla VPN's performance. Information we shareMozilla VPN shares data to provide the service to you.
Mozilla has written agreements in place with this company contractually obligating them to protect your information.
Here’s who we use:

Mullvad. Mullvad receives your internet traffic to provide the service.
When you activate Mozilla VPN, it will encrypt your internet traffic and send it to Mullvad.
Mullvad has committed not to log any of the data it receives.
Learn more at Mullvad’s Privacy Policy. Data privacy questions?Much of the information that we store about our Firefox Account users is easily accessible by logging into your account.
You can learn more about managing your data here.
To make requests, please contact us through our Data Subject Access Request Portal.
If you have any other questions regarding our privacy practices, please contact us at compliance@mozilla.com.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Please visit our forums for general VPN related support help.
