
We value our customers and our goal is to provide the best product experience and service to you.
Our products all have trial versions for people to utilize the functions before determining to purchase.
We recommend our users get a free trial from our official website to see if it’s satisfactory to you.
There are not many functional differences between trial version and a paid one except the watermark, time limits, etc.
Once an order is placed, our system will deliver the Serial Number(s) to your email address automatically.
After you have received the serial numbers, you’re then able to activate the products and continue the usage of product without limits.
You can apply for a full refund with our approval, but it’s recommended to solve your problem with the assistance of our support team before the refund:

Get online help on the MSTech website.
Get online help, by sending your question to support@mstech-co.com email.

MSTech provides 30 Days Money-Back Guarantee (7 days for Monthly).
Refunds will only be approved with proper reasons as described below within our promised date after purchase only.
We will not issue a refund for the purchase that is over the promised date.

Hardware incompatible issues that cause our software incapable of working on your computer and cannot be fixed by our tech support.
Any other crucial tech issues reported within our promised date after purchase and cannot be solved.
Purchased wrong product which should be changed to another one in our product list.
Issues of being double charged due to the problem of the third-party e-commerce platform.
Product failed to fulfill the requirements as described on our webpages, sales materials or ads.
Cannot activate the program with the assistance of our tech support.

We reserve the right to decline refund requests in the following cases:

The change of decision in buying a product but without any particular reasons in cancelling the order.
Products fail to meet the requirements of customers which have never been stated on our product pages, specifications or other official materials.
Again, we highly recommend every customer to read the product description and try the free trial version before buying the product.
Issues about credit card fraud or unauthorized payment.
MSTech does not proceed with your payment directly but with the assistance of the third-party e-commerce platforms.
In this case, authorization during payment is out of our control.
As long as an order is processed and fulfilled, it can’t be changed.
Nevertheless, MSTech can help you get in touch with the third-party e-commerce platform for further assistance.
Products purchased from third-party resellers or affiliates could not be refunded by us.
Please contact the reseller for issuing the refund.
Bought the wrong product but quickly purchased another one from a different company without asking for supports.
Issues in using our products without contacting our tech support or providing specific description about the errors.
Cannot activate the program without the assistance of our tech support.

To request a refund, please contact us by submitting your ticket.
Once a refund is issued, the corresponding license will be disabled.
