
         Muffin's Milkers 
 News and Info News Calendar Suggestions System Status Stats Documentation FAQ 
 Moolah Market Farm Item Store Trading Floor 
 Reports Moolah Grades Delivery 
 Awards 
 Farms All Farms Supply &amp.
Demand Farms with Statuses Farm Lookup Worker Lookup 


 LiveStock Cows Bulls 
 Leaderboards Livestock Milk Seed Bull Breeds Circles Power Farm Milk Seed Circles Power Farm Hand Cows Milked Bulls Milked Milk Delivery 
 About About Privacy Policy Terms of Service 


 Login
 Muffin’s Milkers Terms of Service 
Support Email 
 Conditions of Use  Muffin’s Milkers is a service provided to users which are subject to the conditions stated below in this document.
Every time you visit this website or use Muffin’s Milkers products within Second Life you accept the following conditions.
Muffin’s Milkers urges you to read them carefully.
 Privacy Policy Privacy Policy  Copyright  Content published on this website (digital downloads, images, texts, graphics, logos) is the property of Muffin’s Milkers and/or its content creators and protected by international copyright laws.
The entire compilation of the content found on this website is the exclusive property of Muffin’s Milkers, with copyright authorship for this compilation by Muffin’s Milkers.
 Communications  The entire communication with Muffin’s Milkers is electronic.
Every time you send us an email, visit our website, messages in discord, you are going to be communicating with us.
You hereby consent to receive communications from us.
If you join Muffin’s Milkers Second Life group or purchase our products in Second Life or join the Muffin’s Milkers Discord, you are going to receive regular group notices from us and updates from us.
We will continue to communicate with you by posting news and notices on our website or Second Life group or Discord and by sending you emails.
You also agree that all notices, disclosures, agreements and other communications we provide to you electronically meet the legal requirements that such communications be in writing.
 License and Site Access  Muffin’s Milkers grant you a limited license to access and make personal use of this website and services.
You are not allowed to download or modify this website.
You are also not allowed to access any non publicly accessible area, besides pages granted to you by user accounts.
 User Account  If you are an owner of an account on this website, you are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your private user details (username and password).
You are responsible for all activities that occur under your account or password.
We reserve all rights to terminate accounts, edit or remove content and cancel orders in their sole discretion.
User accounts store no information beyond what is provided publicly by Second Life.

 (Second Life User Key, Second User name, Second Life Display name)  Proper or expected Use:  Users are expected to use the Muffin’s Milkers products as intended.
Users found to be abusing the products in ways to disrupt overall usage, discourage other users, or attempt to create instability with the system will be removed from the system.
Muffin’s Milkers reserves the right to remove users in cases of abuse to the system.
 Accountability:  Users will be held accountable for their actions regarding Muffin’s Milkers website, services, and products.
Users found to be abusing or exploiting the system with bots, multiple alts, scripting exploits in or outside of sl, or any other actions outside of normal Muffin's Milkers game system will be suject to bans or other punishments upon investigation.
 Account Termination and Data Deletion:  Users are able to terminate their account from the MyDetails page of Muffin’s Milkers website.
Users wanting all data removed can submit an email at support@muffinsmilkers.com.
 Updates and Changes:  Muffin’s Milkers system may be updated with new versions and fixes to the system at any time.
Muffin’s Milkers will attempt give notice when available for changes by news on the website, notices on Discord, or group notices in Muffin’s Milkers Second Life group.
Muffin’s Milkers reserves the right to make large scale balance changes when needed to support the growing system.
 Applicable Law  By visiting this website, you agree that the laws of the United States of America, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these terms of service, or any dispute of any sort that might come between Muffin’s Milkers and you.



