
         Privacy Policy of www.muscleandstrength.com
 This Website collects some Personal Data from its Users.
 Personal Data processed for the following purposes and using the following services: 


 Advertising 
 Facebook Audience Network Personal Data: Cookies.
unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example).
Usage Data

 Google Ad Manager, Microsoft Advertising and Google AdSense Personal Data: Cookies.
Usage Data



 Analytics 
 Google Analytics, Facebook Ads conversion tracking (Facebook pixel) and Google Ads conversion tracking Personal Data: Cookies.
Usage Data



 Commercial affiliation 
 CJ Affiliate by Conversant Personal Data: Cookies.
Usage Data



 Contacting the User 
 Contact form Personal Data: email address.
first name.
phone number



 Content performance and features testing (A/B testing) 
 Google Optimize and Google Optimize 360 Personal Data: Cookies.
Usage Data



 Displaying content from external platforms 
 YouTube video widget and Instagram widget Personal Data: Cookies.
Usage Data

 SoundCloud widget Personal Data: Usage Data

 Google Fonts Personal Data: Usage Data.
various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service



 Handling payments 
 PayPal Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service



 Handling productivity related activity 
 Google Workspace Personal Data: Data communicated while using the service



 Hosting and backend infrastructure 
 DigitalOcean Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service



 Interaction with external social networks and platforms 
 AddThis Personal Data: Cookies.
Usage Data



 Interaction with live chat platforms 
 Zendesk Chat Personal Data: email address.
first name.
Usage Data



 Interaction with support and feedback platforms 
 Zendesk Widget Personal Data: Tracker



 Location-based interactions 
 Geolocation Personal Data: geographic position



 Managing contacts and sending messages 
 dotmailer Personal Data: Cookies.
email address

 Sendgrid Personal Data: email address.
first name.
last name



 Managing support and contact requests 
 Zendesk Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service



 Registration and authentication 
 Direct registration Personal Data: date of birth.
email address.
first name.
gender.
last name



 Remarketing and behavioral targeting 
 Facebook Custom Audience Personal Data: Cookies.
email address

 Facebook Remarketing and Google Ads Remarketing Personal Data: Cookies.
Usage Data



 SPAM protection 
 Akismet Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service

 Google reCAPTCHA Personal Data: Cookies.
Usage Data



 Tag Management 
 Google Tag Manager Personal Data: Usage Data



 Traffic optimization and distribution 
 Cloudflare Personal Data: Cookies.
various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service





 Information on opting out of interest-based advertising  In addition to any opt-out feature provided by any of the services listed in this document, Users may learn more on how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the dedicated section of the Cookie Policy.
 Further information about the processing of Personal Data 


 Selling goods and services online The Personal Data collected are used to provide the User with services or to sell goods, including payment and possible delivery.
The Personal Data collected to complete the payment may include the credit card, the bank account used for the transfer, or any other means of payment envisaged.
The kind of Data collected by this Website depends on the payment system used.



 Contact information 


 Owner and Data Controller Muscle &amp.
Strength, LLC
1180 First Street South
Columbia, SC 29209
USA

Owner contact email: privacy@muscleandstrength.com




 Latest update: April 27, 2021 
 iubenda hosts this content and only collects the Personal Data strictly necessary for it to be provided.
 Show the complete Privacy Policy 
      