
        We value your privacyWe and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised ads and content, ad and content measurement, and audience insights, as well as to develop and improve products.
With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning.
You may click to consent to our and our partners’ processing as described above.
Alternatively you may access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting or to refuse consenting.
Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing.
Your preferences will apply to this website only.
You can change your preferences at any time by returning to this site or visit our privacy policy.
MORE OPTIONSAGREE Terms of use Register Login Help MyAbandonware More than 18000 old games to download for free! Search by criteria Browse By...

 Name 
 Year 
 Platform 
 Genre 
 Theme 
 Publisher 
 Developer 


My Abandonware &gt.
Terms of Use
 Terms of Use  Using myabandonware.com results in the unconditional and automatic acceptance of the following terms of use by the user, as well as the commitment to respect them.
Utopiaweb may, in its sole discretion, modify or revise these terms of use at any time, and you agree to be bound by such modifications or revisions.
It is your responsibility to be aware of the modification of theses terms of use when you visit myabandonware.com 
 These terms of use contains guarantee exclusions and liability limitations which the user declares to be aware of.
This website offers the free download of games.
The user involves himself not to use the service offered by myabandonware.com for illegal ends.

 In case of law pursuits, utopiaweb declines all responsibility relative to the use of this site by a user with bad intentions and allows itself to give all information available to law authorities to help in the pursuit.
These terms of use are subject to the French law.
Any dispute relative to the present terms of use pertains to the jurisdiction of the Cour d'appel de Paris.
 Cookie Policy  Like most websites, we use cookies and other tracking technologies on our MyAbandonware, including HTTP cookies and HTML5 local storage, web beacons/GIFs, embedded scripts and e-tags or cache browsers.
We use cookies for various purposes and to enhance your online experience, for example, by keeping you logged in, displaying adult screenshots, or distributing the global server bandwidth equally amongst users.

 Our advertising partners also use cookies to distinguish your web browser and to keep track of the ads displayed to you.
You can choose your privacy settings for these partners using the following links : 

Facebook Connect (Social) : https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Google AdSense (Advertising): http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Google Analytics (Site analytics) : http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
 Hosting MyAbandonware.com is hosted by Online SAS - BP 438 - 75366 Paris Cedex 08, France. Follow Us! 6,300 Like 2,700 Follow Top downloads 
Sid Meier's Civilization
Need for Speed II: SE
Oregon Trail Deluxe
The Incredible Machine
Mario Teaches Typing
The House of the Dead
SimAnt
Prince of Persia
The Incredible Machine 2
MechWarrior 4: Mercenaries
Yu-Gi-Oh!: Power of Chaos - Yugi the Destiny
Championship Manager: Season 97/98
Lemmings
Rogue
Dune II: The Building of a Dynasty
 List of top downloads Latest releases 
Precision Skateboarding
Bait
NGT: US Open 2002
Sharp Shooter
Operation Blockade
 List of new games here Follow us on Facebook or Twitter Screenshots needed 
They Sold a Million II
More War: The Return of the Horde
Tower FRA
 Read our screenshot tutorial  Ad Consent Terms About Contact FAQ Useful links Contribute Taking screenshots How to play  MyAbandonware utopiaweb 
      