
Update to our Privacy Policy
 We have recently updated our privacy policy, which will be implemented from March 19, 2021 onwards. Read our Privacy Policy for users in the EU/EEA here.


Download PDF

LAST UPDATED: [March 19, 2021] Privacy Policy In this Privacy Policy, “MAL”, “MyAnimeList”, “Company”, “we”, “us”, or “our” means MyAnimeList Co., Ltd.
(previously MyAnimeList, LLC), the owner and operator of the website www.MyAnimeList.net and MyAnimeList branded mobile applications and related online services (collectively the “Sites”).
Your privacy is important to the Company, and we take your privacy very seriously.
We designed our Privacy Policy to cover how we collect and use your information in connection with use of our Sites.
how you can control the use and disclosure of your information.
how your information is protected.
and how this information may be used and disclosed.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at legal@mail.myanimelist.net.


Scope
What information the Sites collect
How we use the information that we collect
Information sharing
Your choices, cookies and other tracking technologies and “do not track” signals 
Access
California Residents
Children 
Confidentiality and security
Data Storage in Japan and the United States
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contacting Us
 1.
Scope This Privacy Policy is applicable only to the Sites and does not extend to information collected by any other websites or applications or to the practices or procedures of companies that the Company does not control.
Note that the Sites may contain links to other websites, such as ad banners linking to another website.
In such cases, this Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected on that website (or other websites).
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites, and we recommend that you read the privacy policies of each website that you visit or application that you use. 2.
What information the Sites collect Information you provide to us: You do not need to provide information directly to us in order to view the Sites.
However, when you use certain functions on the Sites, such as accessing certain features or content, registering for certain services, setting up a profile or contacting the Sites directly, you may provide us or we may ask for personally identifiable information or other information, which may include:

contact information, such as name, email address, postal address and phone number;
username and password for your account;
information posted in community discussions and other interactive online features;
information you may decide to provide on your profile or through your account, such as photographs, friends, biographies, anime or manga related lists and favorites, comments, posts, reviews, ratings, recommendations and other information or content you may provide through your account or on your profile.

search queries conducted on the Sites.
and
correspondence you send to us.
 Information automatically collected when you visit and interact with the Sites: When you use, interact with and visit the Sites, certain information may automatically be collected, including:

information collected through HTML cookies, Flash cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies;
your computer's Internet Protocol (IP) address;
your bandwidth speed and information about the software programs that are installed on your computer or other device.

your browser type and operating system;
the web pages you were visiting immediately before and after you came to the Sites;
aggregated data about email click-through rates and user video viewing;
activities within community discussions.
and
standard server log information.
The above listed technologies and information track your usage of the Sites and help us with respect to certain functionality of the Sites such as recognizing you, remembering your preferences, bringing you advertising (both on and off the Sites) and otherwise providing you with a more personalized experience.

 Information we collect from other sources: We may access information about you from third-party sources and platforms (such as Google Analytics Demographics and Interests Reports social networking sites, databases, online marketing firms, our strategic business partners and ad targeting firms), including:

unique identifiers, including mobile device identification numbers, that can identify the physical location of such devices in accordance with applicable law.

demographic data, such as age range, gender, and interests;
if you access third-party social networking services (such as Facebook Connect or Twitter) through the Sites, your username and connection lists for those services.

contact information such as name, email address, phone number and postal address.
and
advertisement interaction and viewing data, such as ad click-through rates and information about how many times you viewed a particular ad.


Please note that the Sites may combine information we obtain from third-party sources with the information that we collect.
Please also note that, if you make a payment on or through the Sites for digital content or for other transactions, we use third-party service providers to process your payment information. 3.
How we use the information that we collect Advertising: In order to provide our users with free access to our content, we display advertisements and other content on the Sites, many of which are targeted based on information about you.
We may also send you advertising through other means, such as email.
Using information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other sources, we may use demographic data or information about your online activities or interests to display or communicate targeted advertising that may be relevant to your preferences.
Through this process, advertisers reach Sites visitors who are most interested in their products, and you see advertising for products or services in which you may be interested. Third-party advertisers and advertising platforms also may serve targeted ads on the Sites.
Please remember that the information practices of third-party advertisers or platforms collecting data on our Sites are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Email Communications: We may use the information that we collect to send you e-mail communications, such as information about changes to the Sites or your account, promotional messages about our email newsletters, and our own or our affiliates’ or marketing partners' products and services. Request Fulfillment: We may use the information that we collect to fulfill your requests for products, services, and information.
We may use your contact information to respond to your customer service requests or to enable you to participate in features on the Sites such as surveys, polls, sweepstakes, and message boards. User Accounts: To provide you with an open and civil, discussion forum, we track user involvement in our community discussions.
Our forum moderators monitor discussions and delete comments that we deem inappropriate in our forums.
For more information on this process, please see the Sites' community rules, forum rules or comment policies about comment moderation guidelines. Statistical Analysis: In order to learn more about how the Sites are used, we aggregate and analyze the data that we collect.
We may use this information, for example, to better tailor our content and design to suit our visitors' needs, to increase our Sites' functionality, and to monitor and analyze use of the Sites. Support, Personalization and Security: We may use the information we collect to provide support for and personalize the Sites and our products and services, and to create, maintain and secure your account.
We may also use the information we collect to develop and improve and to help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Sites, products and services. Enforcement: We may use the information that we collect to prevent illegal activities, to enforce the our Terms of Use, and/or to otherwise protect our rights and the rights of our users.
By using the Sites, you consent to the uses stated above and any other use of information identified in this Privacy Policy.
In addition, we may use the information that we collect for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent. 4.
Information sharing The Company values your privacy, and shares information about the Sites' users mentioned in Section 2 of this Privacy Policy with third parties with which the Company has a business relationship and only under certain circumstances, provided that the Company should be responsible for the management of such information.
We will make information about you, including personal information, available to such third parties only in situations and for purposes listed below:

We may employ the third parties to perform Sites-related services, including maintenance services, database management, data processing, analytics, marketing, and email and text message distribution.
Access to your information is granted to these third parties only for the purpose of performing these tasks.

We may share your information with our strategic business partners in connection with offering you co-branded services, selling or distributing our content, offering content or products that you may be interested in on our Sites or on our partners’ services, or engaging in other joint marketing activities.
We may also share aggregated information or certain personal information with such partners or other the third parties to help us develop or provide you services, content, and advertising that may be of interest to you and our users.

We may share information about you to respond to judicial proceedings, court orders, or subpoenas, or search warrants, legal process, or other legal or law enforcement measures, to establish or exercise our rights, to comply with our legal obligations and/or to defend against legal actions or claims.

We may share information about you to prevent, investigate, or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety or other rights and interests of any person, violations of the Sites' Terms of Use, or as otherwise required by law.

If you choose to engage in public activities on the site, such as posting comments on community message boards, any information you submit can be read, collected, or used by others.
Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal information in public activities or submissions.

From time to time, we may deploy technology such as application programming interfaces (or “APIs”) for use by third party application developers and make information concerning your public activities on the Sites, such as your comments on community message boards, available to third party websites and applications.
If you use such third party websites and applications, they may also collect, process and share your information, including personal information.
You should review the privacy policies of any third party websites or applications before using them.

We may share information about you in the event that the Sites are acquired by a third party or third parties, or as part of a sale, merger, bankruptcy or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events.

We may share information about you for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.


Please note that the third parties may independently collect data about you, through cookies, clicks on links, or other means when you visit or view ads on the Sites.
We work closely with our affiliated companies, such as our parent companies and their affiliated entities and subsidiaries under common ownership or control.
We share your information with our affiliates that either are subject to this Privacy Policy or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Policy.
In some cases, these affiliates may operate portions of the Sites or aspects of related services, or market or sell offerings to you.
In other cases, we operate stores, provide services, or sell digital content or other offering jointly with these affiliates. 5.
Your choices, cookies and other tracking technologies and “do not track” signals Deactivating your account If the Sites functionality permits, you can deactivate your account at any time by visiting the preferences page for your profile or delete any content you provide from the Sites, though we may retain a copy of any deactivated accounts or deleted content for compliance purposes.
When you deactivate your account, your user profile will be disabled, but your public comments will remain on the Sites.
We have no responsibility, other than as may be required by applicable law, to take down, remove, or edit any of your public activities or any submissions that are a result of your public activities.
For more information, please review our Terms of Use. Cookies and other tracking technologies Some information that is collected about you is collected automatically through cookies and other tracking technologies.
Cookies are small amounts of information stored in files within your computer's browser.
We may use these technologies to collect information about your activity, browser and device, and to collect information when you interact with services we offer through one of our third party partners, such as advertising.
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default, but, if you prefer, you can usually remove or reject cookies through the settings on your browser or device.
However, please note that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our Services.
Please see our Cookie Policy for more information about how we use cookies and your choices.
 “Do not track” signals The “do not track” (or “DNT”) concept has been promoted by regulatory authorities for the internet industry to develop and implement a mechanism for allowing internet users to control the tracking of their online activities across websites.
Various web browsers offer a DNT option that sends a signal to websites visited by the user’s browser about the user's DNT preference.
You can usually access your browser's DNT option in your browser's “preferences” or similar settings.
As of the time of the posting of this Privacy Policy, there is no internet industry DNT technology standard.
We take privacy and security seriously.
With regard to DNT, the Sites do not currently respond to DNT signals in browsers because, as mentioned above, no DNT standard has been adopted.
However, as explained above, you do have choices regarding how your browser handles cookies and other similar technologies.
 Third Party Online Advertising Some of the advertisements you see on the Sites are from third parties, such as advertising agencies, advertisers, ad networks, and audience segment providers.
These third parties may collect information about you and your online activities, either on the Sites or on other websites, through cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to understand your interests and tailor certain advertisements to your interests.
The Company does not have control over, or access to the information these non-affiliated third parties may collect.
Such third parties' information practices are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
If you choose to opt out of having your information used to deliver advertisements tailored to your interests, you will continue to see advertisements on the Sites, but these advertisements may not be as relevant to you.
For more information about how we use cookies and your choices, please see our Cookie Policy.
 6.
Access If you choose to share personal information with us, you may update or amend this information by contacting us at legal@mail.myanimelist.net.
Please include in your email the name of the Site(s) to which you provided the information you wish to amend. 7.
California Residents This Section 7 applies to users who are California residents.
We include this Section 7 in our Privacy Policy to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Section 7. Information We Collect We collect “personal information” as defined under the CCPA, which is information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device.
Personal information does not include publicly available information from government records, deidentified or aggregated consumer information or information excluded from the CCPA’s scope.
In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information about consumers (i.e., California residents) within the last 12 months: Categories: Examples of Personal Information in the Category: Collected (“Yes” or “No”): A.
Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Yes, we have collected personal information included in this category.
B.
Personal information categories described in the California Customer Records statute (Cal.
Civ.
Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
 Please note that some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Yes, we have collected personal information included in this category.
C.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
Yes, we have collected personal information included in this category.
D.
Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Yes, we have collected personal information included in this category.
E.
Biometric information.
Genetic (e.g., DNA), physiological, behavioral, or biological characteristics, imagery of the iris, retina, fingerprint, face, hand, palm, vein patterns, and voice recordings, from which an identifier template, such as a faceprint, a minutiae template, or a voiceprint, can be extracted, and keystroke patterns or rhythms, gait patterns or rhythms, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
No, we have not collected personal information included in this category.
F.
Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Yes, we have collected personal information included in this category.
G.
Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
No, we have not collected personal information included in this category.
We do collect IP addresses which may provide general geographic location information, but we do not collect specific physical location or movements information.
H.
Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
No, we have not collected personal information included in this category.
I.
Professional or employment related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
No, we have not collected personal information included in this category.
J.
Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C.
Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R.
Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
No, we have not collected personal information included in this category.
K.
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
No, we have not collected personal information included in this category.
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above as described above in Section 2 ("What information the Sites collect"), such as directly from you, automatically and indirectly from you and from third-party sources and platforms. Use of Personal Information We describe how we may use or disclose the personal information we collect above in Section 3 ("How we use the information that we collect").
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice. Sharing Personal Information We may disclose your personal information to third parties for a business purpose.
When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter into an agreement with the third party that describes the purpose and requires the third party recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the agreement.
We may share your personal information with the categories of third parties described above in Section 4 (“Information sharing”).
Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose:
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:

Category A: Identifiers.
Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories.
Category C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Category D: Commercial information.
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.

We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to service providers, business partners and our affiliates.
Sales of Personal Information:
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have shared Category A personal information (“Identifiers”) with third party advertisers, or have allowed those advertisers to collect Category A personal information, through the Sites.
This disclosure of personal information may be considered a “sale” of personal information under the CCPA.
 Your Rights Under the CCPA The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information, as we describe further below.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights:
As a California resident, you have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see below “Exercising Your CCPA Access, Data Portability and Deletion Rights”), we will disclose to you:

The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing: 
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased.
and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.



Deletion Request Rights:
As a California resident, you have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see below “Exercising Your CCPA Access, Data Portability and Deletion Rights”), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if keeping the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:

Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal.
Penal Code § 1546 et.
seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.

Exercising Your CCPA Access, Data Portability and Deletion Rights:
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by email at: legal@mail.myanimelist.net or by regular mail at: MyAnimeList, Attn: Privacy Officer, 1-1-1 Hitotsubashi Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-0003 Japan.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information.
You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period.
The verifiable consumer request must (a) provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative and (b) describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of receipt, but if we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt.
If we cannot comply with the request, our response will explain the reasons we cannot comply.
For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to easily transfer the information from one entity to another entity.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.
If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights:
If you are 16 years of age or older, you have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time (the “right to opt-out”).
We do not sell the personal information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the “right to opt-in”) from either the consumer who is 13 to 15 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13 years of age.
Consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time.
To exercise the right to opt-out, you can click on the “Do not sell my data” link available on our homepage and other pages of this website.
You will then have the option of clicking on a toggle button or checking a box and confirming your choice to opt-out.
Once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve (12) months before asking you to reauthorize personal information sales.
However, you may change your mind and opt back in to personal information sales at any time by clicking on the “Do not sell my data” link again and unchecking the box or clicking on the toggle button again and confirming your choice to opt back in. Non-Discrimination We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights.
Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not do any of the following:

Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.

However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels.
Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information’s value and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects.
Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time. Other California Privacy Rights If you are a California resident, under California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) you may request further information about our practices related to disclosing your personal information to certain third parties and/or opt-out of our sharing of your personal information with unaffiliated third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes.
Please send your request (with the subject line labeled “Your California Privacy Rights”) by email to legal@mail.myanimelist.net. 8.
Children Information for parents and guardians: The Company does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children or allow children to register without verifiable parental consent.
The Sites are appropriate for a wide range of users, but the Company’s Sites are not directed to children.
However, children under the age of 13 in the U.S.
may access the Sites if, and only if, we have obtained verifiable parental consent from their parent or guardian in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”).
Similarly, children under the age of 16 in Europe are only allowed to access the Sites with verifiable parental consent.
If you are a parent or guardian of a child who wishes to access the Sites, please review our Privacy Policy (including the “California Residents” section above if your child is a resident of California) and discuss it with your child so that you and your child will understand our policies regarding the collection, use and sharing of personal information.
If your child is in Europe, please also review the “Privacy Policy (for the users in EU/EEA)” below. Collection, use and sharing of children’s information: We may collect, use and share personal information of children under the age 13 in the U.S.
and under age 16 in Europe if it is collected from a child whose parent or guardian has provided verifiable parental consent.
In such cases, and subject to our compliance with applicable law, we may collect personal information from children for any of the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy and may use, share, and otherwise process such information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
We take reasonable measures to maintain the confidentiality, security, and integrity of children’s personal information, including by taking reasonable steps to release such information only to third parties capable of maintaining its confidentiality, security and integrity.
We retain children’s personal information only as long as is necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected and delete such information using reasonable measures to protect against its unauthorized access or use.
In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 in the U.S.
or under the age 16 in Europe without verification of parental consent, we will delete such information.
If you are a minor age 13 or over in the U.S., a minor age 16 or over in Europe or an individual considered a child in another jurisdiction, you may only use the Sites with the permission and under the supervision of your parent or guardian. Parental consent, choices and access: A parent or guardian who has given us permission to collect, use, and share their child's personal information can, at any time:

Review, correct, or delete the child’s personal information.
and/or
Revoke permission for us to further collect, use or share the child’s personal information.


To do any of the above,or if you have questions about parental consent, please contact us at legal@mail.myanimelist.net with your request or question.
Please be sure to include your child’s name and username and your name. 9.
Confidentiality and security We limit access to contact information about you to employees or service providers who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.
We also have adopted commercially reasonable technical, physical, and administrative procedures to help protect information about you from loss, misuse, and alteration. Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
We want you to feel confident using the Sites, but we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. 10.
Data Storage in Japan and the United States Our offices are located in Japan.
We store and process data for the Sites in Japan and may also store and process certain data in the United States.
If you visit the Sites from another country, please be aware that information you provide to us or that we obtain as a result of your use of the Sites may be processed in and transferred to Japan and the United States and will be subject to Japan and U.S.
law.
By using the Sites or providing us with your information, you consent to the collection, transfer, storage, and processing of information to and in Japan and the United States. 11.
Changes to this Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy may be amended by us from time to time and we reserve the right to do so at any time.
Any amendments to the Privacy Policy will be posted here and the date indicated on the top of the Privacy Policy will state the date the Privacy Policy was last revised.
If we make any material changes in the way we collect, use, and/or share personal information that may impact you, we will notify you by sending an email to the email address associated with your user account (if you have chosen to provide an email address) or by otherwise providing notice through the Sites.
Before we use your personal information for a purpose that is materially different than the purpose we collected it for or that you later authorized, we will provide you with the opportunity to opt out.
Your continued use of our Sites after any amendments to the Privacy Policy constitutes your acceptance of the new Privacy Policy.
Information collected prior to the time any change is posted will be used according to the rules and law that applied at the time the information was collected. 12.
Contacting Us If you have any questions, inquires, requests, or complaints concerning this Privacy Policy or our information collection practices, please contact us at legal@mail.myanimelist.net or by regular mail at: MyAnimeList, Attn: Privacy Officer, 1-1-1 Hitotsubashi Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-0003 Japan. Privacy Policy (for the users in EU/EEA) LAST UPDATED: [March 19, 2021]
In this Privacy Policy (for the users in EU/EEA) (hereinafter “EU Privacy Policy”), "MyAnimeList”, “MAL", "we", "us", or "our" means MyAnimeList Co., Ltd.
(previously MyAnimeList, LLC), the owner and operator of this website www.MyAnimeList.net and MyAnimeList branded mobile applications and related online services (collectively referred to as the “Services” in this EU Privacy Policy).
This EU Privacy Policy contains additional terms that apply to users located in the European Union (“EU”) / European Economic Area (“EEA”) and supplements the Privacy Policy above.
 Your privacy is important to MAL.
We designed our EU Privacy Policy to cover how we collect, use and share your information in connection with use of the Services.
By using our Services, you agree to our collection and use of your information, including your personal information, as described in this EU Privacy Policy.
 So please take a moment to learn the five W's, the How, and other important matters about the information we collect and how we use and share it.
If you have any questions, please contact us.
 Contents 
 The What and the Why  The types of data we collect from you and which data is used for what purpose 
 The When When we start using your data and how long we store it 
 The How How your data are processed and used 
 The Who  With whom we share your data 
 The Where Where your data will be processed 
 Changes to Privacy Policy 
 Other Important Matters 
 The What and the Why In the course of using our Services, you may provide us, directly and indirectly, with both personal and non-personal information.
Personal information is information that can be used to identify you as an individual.
Non-personal information is information that does not permit direct association with you.
Both personal information and non-personal information may be used alone or in the aggregate with information collected from other users.
Certain non-personal information would be considered a part of your personal information if it were combined with other identifiers (e.g., combining your zip or postal code with your street address) in a way that enables you to be identified.
But the same pieces of information are considered non-personal information if they are taken alone or combined only with other non-personal information (e.g., your viewing preferences).

We describe the categories of personal information we may collect above in Section 2 of our Privacy Policy (“What information the Sites collect”).
Some data we collect is necessary for enabling us to provide the registration to and usage of our Services.
Below is a table further describing data we may collect and the purpose of use: Item Types of Data Purpose of use Basic information 
Date of birth
Gender
E-mail address
Postal address
Nationality
 To help us develop, deliver, and improve our Services, including the following aspects of our Services: 
messaging and other communication to and with users
the creation, updating, accessing, and maintaining of lists of friends or contacts
transactions for and use of virtual currency and virtual items
social communication and user-interactive features
providing end-user support .
and
to bring you advertising that may be relevant and of interest to you and to inform you of our future offers and similar products and services.
 Data about your account and use of Services 
Log-in ID
Password
User ID


To secure and enable you to register and login to your account.
 Data we collect with Cookies 
Session ID
Browser ID


Please see our Cookie Policy for more information about how we use cookies and your choices.
 Payment-related information 
PayPal payer ID
Stripe customer ID


In connection with payment processing when you purchase products or services.
 Information from Third Parties 
Facebook user ID
Google user ID
Twitter user ID
Apple user ID


To enable integration with social networking services and plugins.
 IP address 
IP　address


To prevent and take measures against fraud, illegal activities, infringement of our rights or interests, or breaches of our Terms of Use, and this EU Privacy Policy.

For market research purposes that support our efforts to deliver a more valuable service to our community of users, including using your information to contact you with announcements, newsletters, and promotional materials related to our Services or to offer you opportunities to participate in surveys, contests, or sweepstakes via our Services.

 Basic Information 
E-mail address


To send important notices, such as changes to our Terms of Use, this EU Privacy Policy, or other Services-specific policies.

 Information from Third Parties 
Facebook user ID
Google user ID
Twitter user ID
Apple user ID


To audit and analyze data for technical administration, to improve our Services, and for end-user communications 
 Data about your account and use of Services 
Log-in data


For security and enabling basic services in the use of our Services and your account.

For general advertisement purposes and to inform you of our future offers and similar products
 Data about your account and use of Services 
Anime list
Manga list


The delivery and targeting of advertising in the Services
Tracking of advertisement fulfillment metrics in the Services
Recommending Services-related products or services of interest directly to you

If you are in the EEA, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this EU Privacy Policy depends on the personal information we collect and the specific context in which we collect it, as we discuss above in these policies.
We process your information with your consent, or because we have legitimate interests, such as:

It enables us to provide you with the Services
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it's not overridden by your rights
To comply with the law
 The When Direct interaction and use of our Services Your information is collected by us when you directly interact with our Services and otherwise through use of our Services via your devices (such as computers, smartphones or other internet enabled computing devices) (as described in the “How” section below). Social Networking Services and Plug-ins 
 Twitter - Website: https://twitter.com/ - Privacy Policy: https://twitter.com/privacy 
 Facebook - Website: https://www.facebook.com/ - Privacy Policy: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update 
 Google - Website: https://about.google/ - Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy 
 Apple - Website: https://www.apple.com/ - Privacy Policy: https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/ 

Your information may also be made available to us when you register with any social networking service (“SNS”), such as those listed above, for use of our Services and/or permit any SNS to share any of your information with us in connection with your use of our Services, including any profile information (such as username, images, date of birth, real name), type of device, SNS account ID, gender, location information, and your SNS friends' lists, and when any changes are made to that information.
By accepting an SNS's applicable terms, you agree and consent to the SNS making such information available to us on those terms.
Further, when you use a plugin for an SNS on our Services, information about your usage of our Services may be transmitted to the SNS. Promotion services If you actively choose to participate in a promotion, we may request that you provide us with personal information such as your email address or postal address in order to administer your participation in the promotion. Duration of Storage We will not keep your personal information any longer than needed for the purpose it was collected or than is necessary for legal or legitimate business purposes. The How As already mentioned, we may collect information from you when you directly interact with our Services and otherwise indirectly through your access to or use of our Services, as described above in the Privacy Policy. Direct interaction Direct interaction includes such actions as creating a username, providing an email address, creating a friends' list, chatting with other users, or posting to walls and other forums through our Services.
It also includes the sending of pre-formatted messages for various purposes such as to challenge friends to beat a high score.
We may store the email address of the friend that you choose to email via our Services, but would only do so for social purposes such as generating friend recommendations.
You specifically agree that we shall have the right, but not the obligation, to collect and store the information referred to in this paragraph. Information from Third Parties We may also collect your information from third parties who provide it to us, including other users of our Services. Cookies and other tracking technologies Some information that is collected about you is collected automatically through cookies and other tracking technologies.
Cookies are small amounts of information stored in files within your computer's browser.
We may use these technologies to collect information about your activity, browser and device, and to collect information when you interact with services we offer through one of our third party partners, such as advertising.
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default, but, if you prefer, you can usually remove or reject cookies through the settings on your browser or device.
However, please note that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our Services.
Please see our Cookie Policy for more information about how we use cookies and your choices.
 "Click-Through URLs" Some of our Services, including messaging, may use "click-through URLs" linked to other content on our Services.
We track this click-through data to help us determine interest in topics, Services usability, and other measures of user engagement. Recording information from your device In using our Services, our servers record information sent from your device, which may include information such as device type, mobile carrier, unique device identifier ("Device Number"), Internet Protocol ("IP") address, email address, browser type, language, Internet service provider, network status, time zone, geo location, referring and exit pages, time spent, information searched for, time and date stamp, clickstream data, and other statistics on your use of our Services.
for some games or other software no Device Number is recorded but in those and other cases we may have access to a generated and non-permanent unique identification number functionally matched with your device ("Matching Number"). The Who Our Responsibility for Our Collections While we will collect and use your information as explained in the Privacy Policy and this EU Privacy Policy, as a user of our Services you may be permitted to use and create your own profile, connect with other users of our Services, and send messages and transmit information through various channels.
Please remember that any communications you have via our Services, depending on, for example, the functionality of the Services used, may reveal information such as any SNS and/or Services profile(s) you create (including your username(s), profile image(s), and profile status/comments, "Profile") and the content of your communications, making this information publicly available to other users.
We are not responsible for the activities of other users or other third parties with whom you choose to provide your information or otherwise interact. Interaction with Other Users via Social Features As mentioned in "The Why", social interaction is an important part of our Services.
You understand and agree that your Profile may be viewable in the Services by other users of the Services and may also be searchable for the purpose of facilitating user-user invitations or other social aspects of the Services.
You also understand and agree that certain in-Services achievements/activities of yours may be displayed and viewable in the Services by other users of the Services in connection with social features of the Services.
For example, other users of the Services may be able to see your leaderboard ranking, an item you received in a game, or your in-game event history (event ranking, points, etc.).
Note that where available you may have the option to change certain aspects of your Profile (e.g., profile image). Persons and Entities with Whom We May Share Your Information We are based in Japan and process data for the Services in Japan.
We may also process some data for the Services in the United States.
To the extent you have not withdrawn your consent pursuant to this EU Privacy Policy, we may share your information with non-affiliated third parties as follows:

With Non-Affiliated Third Parties for Industry Analysis and Advertising
You agree that we may share technical information related to your device (such as IP address, Matching Number, or Device ID), aggregated non-personal information, anonymous information and, in some cases, personal information with advertisers, ad networks, and analytics analysis entities ("Ad Entities") with whom we have strategic relationships, and Ad Entities may also be permitted to collect such information via cookies and other tracking technologies.
This information may be used to undertake user trend analyses, demographic profiling, and analytics, and to provide to you tailored and personalized ads and advertising (behavioral advertising).
Please note, though, that some Ad Entities also act as Service Providers (defined below) for us, and in those cases we may share your information as explained below.

With Strategic Business Partners
We may share your information with our non-affiliated strategic business partners in connection with offering you co-branded services, selling or distributing our content, offering content or products that you may be interested in on our Services or on our partners’ services, or engaging in other joint marketing activities.
We may also share aggregated information or certain personal information with such partners or other non-affiliated third parties to help us develop or provide you services, content, and advertising that may be of interest to you and our users.

With our Service Providers
Sharing of your information may also occur where we engage or employ service providers, vendors, or other non-affiliated third parties to help us provide our Services (e.g., improvement of our Services' features, promotion and marketing, administration, analytics, customer service, cloud storage, hosting, and other related services) (“Service Providers”), to provide the Services on our behalf, or to assist us in analyzing how our Services are being used.
Our Service Providers may have access to your personal information only to perform these tasks on our behalf, and they are obligated not to disclose or use your personal information for any other purpose.


With Third Party Developers
From time to time, as stated above, we may deploy technology such as APIs for use by third party application developers and make information concerning your public activities on the Services, such as your comments on community message boards, available to third party websites and applications.
If you use such third party websites and applications, they may also collect, process and share your information, including personal information.
You should review the privacy policies of any third party websites or applications before using them.


With Certain Non-Affiliated Third Parties in Special Circumstances
At times, we may disclose information about you to law enforcement officials or private parties as we believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of MAL or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity.

Under another special set of circumstances, for example, we may share information about you in the event that the Services are acquired by a third party or third parties, or as part of a sale, merger, bankruptcy or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events.


Once we share your information with another non-affiliated third party, the information received by that party becomes subject to the other party's privacy policies.
Please note that non-affiliated third parties may independently collect data about you, through cookies, clicks on links, or other means when you visit or view ads on the Services.
We work closely with our affiliated companies, such as our parent companies and their affiliated entities and subsidiaries under common ownership or control.
We share your information with our affiliates that either are subject to this EU Privacy Policy or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this EU Privacy Policy.
In some cases, these affiliates may operate portions of the Services or aspects of related services, or market or sell offerings to you.
In other cases, we operate stores, provide services, or sell digital content or other offering jointly with these affiliates. Policy Regarding Children Our Services are appropriate for a wide range of users, but none of our Services is intended for children under the age of 16 ("children" or “child”).
However, children under the age of 16 in Europe may access our Services if, and only if, we have obtained parental consent from their parent or guardian.
If you are a parent or guardian of a child in Europe who wishes to access our Services, please review this EU Privacy Policy and discuss it with your child so that you and your child will understand our policies regarding the collection, use and sharing of personal information.

We may process personal information of children if it is collected from a child whose parent or guardian has provided verifiable parental consent.
In such cases, and subject to our compliance with applicable law, we may collect personal information from children for any of the purposes set forth in this EU Privacy Policy and may use, share, and otherwise process such information as set forth in this EU Privacy Policy.
We take reasonable measures to maintain the confidentiality, security, and integrity of children’s personal information, including by taking reasonable steps to release such information only to third parties capable of maintaining its confidentiality, security and integrity.
We retain children’s personal information only as long as is necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected and delete such information using reasonable measures to protect against its unauthorized access or use.

In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child in Europe without verification of parental consent, we will delete such information.
If you are a minor age 16 or over in Europe, you may only use our Services with the permission and under the supervision of your parent or guardian.

A parent or guardian who has given us permission to process their child's personal information can, with our verification of the identity of the parent or guardian, exercise the child’s rights including those discussed below under “Your Rights” in this EU Privacy Policy.
 The Where You understand and agree that we may transfer your information to and process it outside your country of residence, including in Japan and the United States.
Your consent to this EU Privacy Policy by accessing or using our Services represents your consent to such transfer and processing.
 Changes to EU Privacy Policy This EU Privacy Policy may be amended by us from time to time and we reserve the right to do so at any time.
Any amendments to the EU Privacy Policy will be posted here and the date indicated on the top of the EU Privacy Policy will state the date the EU Privacy Policy was last revised.
If we make any material changes in the way we collect, use, and/or share personal information that may impact you, we will notify you by sending an email to the email address associated with your user account (if you have chosen to provide an email address) or by otherwise providing notice through the Services.
Before we use your personal information for a purpose that is materially different than the purpose we collected it for or that you later authorized, we will provide you with the opportunity to opt out.
Your continued use of our Services after any amendments to the EU Privacy Policy constitutes your acceptance of the new EU Privacy Policy.
Information collected prior to the time any change is posted will be used according to the rules and law that applied at the time the information was collected.
 Other Important Matters Your Rights and MAL’s EU Representative For the exercise of any of your rights mentioned below, please contact us at legal@mail.myanimelist.net or by regular mail at: MyAnimeList, Attn: Privacy Officer, 1-1-1 Hitotsubashi Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-0003 Japan.
MyAnimeList’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) Article 27 Representative, ADVOKAT PRO, located in Oberhonnefeld, Germany, can be contacted by emailing dataprotection@mail.myanimelist.net.
The following are summaries of your rights as a user located in the EU/EEA, subject to the provisions of the GDPR and any other applicable law: Withdrawal of Consent You can withdraw your consent for the collection, usage and storage of your information and data free of charge and at any time by giving us reasonable notice.
Your withdrawal can be sent via mail to legal@mail.myanimelist.net or by regular mail at: MyAnimeList, Attn: Privacy Officer, 1-1-1 Hitotsubashi Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-0003 Japan. Upon receiving your request, we will inform you of the likely consequences of the withdrawal of your consent, and will cease to process your information therefrom, unless otherwise permitted or required by applicable laws and regulations.
Please note that if you withdraw your consent to any or all usage of your data, depending on the nature of your request, we may not be able to provide to you our Services anymore.
 Right of Information, Correction and the Right to be Forgotten You have the right to request anytime information about the data stored by us concerning you, their source and their recipients as well as the purpose of the data processing.
You further have the right of correction, and the right of deletion of the data stored with us anytime.
 Right to Object You have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning yourself which are necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us.
We will no longer process the personal data unless there are legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of you or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.


Your right to object includes the right to object at any time to processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
 Right to Restriction of Processing of Personal Data You have the right to obtain restriction of processing of personal data when: (a) the accuracy of the personal data is contested by you, for a period enabling us to verify the accuracy of the personal data; (b) the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of the personal data and request the restriction of their use instead; (c) we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but it is required by you for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; (d) you have objected to processing your personal data pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of ours override those of you. Right to Data Portability You have the right to receive the personal data concerning yourself, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from us, where: (a) the processing is based on consent; (b) the processing is carried out by automated means In exercising your right to data portability, you have the right to have the personal data transmitted directly from us to another controller, where technically feasible.
The exercise of the right to data portability is without prejudice to the right to erasure. Right to Lodge a Complaint Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the EU Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement if you are not satisfied with our response or think we are processing your personal data not in accordance with the law.
 Deleting a Matching Number You may have the option of deleting a Matching Number by performing a dedicated reset or a device factory reset from the settings of your device.
You understand that by deleting a Matching Number any and all data you had prior to the reset may be lost and irretrievable, and that you may not be able to view or use portions of our Services due to limited functionality.
 Push and Local Notifications Unless you indicated otherwise at installation or chose not to receive push and local notifications where the option is made available to you, you agree that we may send push and local notifications to your device concerning updates, events, and special offers for our mobile games and other mobile applications of the Services installed on your device.
Please note that where available you may have the option of deactivating push or local notifications by changing the settings of the game/application or of your device.
 Protecting Your Information We take your privacy very seriously and employ reasonable administrative, physical, and electronic measures to safeguard information received from you and held by us against identity theft and unauthorized access or alteration.
In addition, we will take reasonable steps to assure that third parties to whom we transfer any personal data will provide sufficient protection of your personal information.
We do not and will not, at any time, request your credit card information, your username, login password, or any national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited communication (e.g., via e-mail, telephone, or mobile device).

We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored "personal data" or "personal information" (as defined in applicable statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting on our website in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement.
or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.

If you have any concerns with the way we collect and handle your personal information, or would like to correct or request that we delete such personal information held by us, please contact us.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request.
please note, though, that at a minimum we may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or to send necessary communications to you under this EU Privacy Policy.
You understand that deletion of your personal information may result in you not being able to view or use portions of our Services which depend on such information.

If you wish to stop receiving SMS messages from us, text "STOP" to the number from which they are sent.

For more information, including possible options you may have, on the use of behavioral advertising by Ad Entities generally, see, e.g., the Digital Advertising Alliance, the Network Advertising Initiative.
 Other Websites and Services Our Services may contain links to or integrate with other websites, applications, online services or offers from third parties.
For example, non-affiliated third parties may access our Services through our APIs, as discussed above, or our Services may include offers from third party advertisers or the ability to engage in transactions with such entities.
If you choose to participate in offer-linked information requests or "click on" an advertisement or another third party link, you may be directed to that third party's website or service and/or be prompted to provide personal information in connection with such activity.

The fact that we link to a third party website, application or service or that third parties access or integrate with our Services is not an endorsement or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of such third party's privacy or information security policies or practices or their compliance with any laws.
We do not exercise control over third party websites, applications or services, and this EU Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected by them, including Ad Entities.
These other websites, applications or services may place their own cookies or other tracking devices on your computer or mobile device, or collect data or solicit personal information from you.
Other websites, applications and services follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them or allow them to access.
We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites, applications and services you use and the terms of the offers in which you participate.
You agree that we are not responsible for, nor will we be liable to you or any third party for, your interaction with such third parties or the information requests initiated by such third parties or the subsequent use, treatment, or dissemination of the information you provide to them.
 IAB Europe Transparency &amp.
Consent Framework MyAnimeList participates in the IAB Europe Transparency &amp.
Consent Framework and complies with its specifications and policies.
We use the Consent Management Platform with the identification number 10.
 Contacting Us If you have any questions, inquires, requests, or complaints concerning this EU Privacy Policy or our information collection practices, please contact us at legal@mail.myanimelist.net or by regular mail at: MyAnimeList, Attn: Privacy Officer, 1-1-1 Hitotsubashi Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-0003 Japan.

