


Download PDF

Effective: October 9, 2020 Cookie Policy A cookie (also called a “browser cookie”, “HTML cookie” or similar names) is a small piece of data that is stored on your device to help websites and mobile apps track and remember things about you.
Other technologies, including Flash cookies (also called “locally shared objects”), Web beacons (also called “pixels”, “transparent GIFs”, “web bugs” or “action tags”) and other Web storage and identifiers associated with your device, may be used for similar purposes.
In this policy, we say “cookies” to refer to all of these technologies.
Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect and use information from and about you when you use myanimelist.net and certain other MyAnimeList Co., Ltd.
applications and services.
This policy explains more about how we use cookies and your related choices. How We Use Cookies We use cookies (like many online service providers), including third-party cookies, for a number of reasons, like to recognize you when you visit our website or applications, remember your preferences, give you a personalized experience consistent with your browser settings and to make your interactions with MyAnimeList faster and more secure.
Additionally, cookies allow us to bring you advertising.
Some cookies we use are strictly necessary to enable us to provide our website and application services to you (such as cookies that provide your log-in status when that account ID is linked to functionality on our website).
The cookies we use generally fall into one of the following categories:
Categories of Use
Description Authentication We may save login information using cookies so that you do not need to sign in again when you revisit our website.
If you're signed in to myanimelist.net, cookies also help us show you the right information and personalize your experience.
For example, we generate and collect Session ID and Browser ID information through cookies for purposes of user authentication.
Security We may use cookies to help us keep our websites and applications secure, and to help us detect malicious activity or violations of our Terms of Use Agreement.
Preferences, features and services We use cookies to recognize your browser as a previous visitor and save and recall any preferences that may have been set while you visited our website.
Cookies enable us to remember certain choices you make in interacting with our website and application services, such as any geographic location, language, or fonts you choose, which helps us tailor our services to your preferences.
We also use cookies to improve our website and application services, and cookies enable us to provide you with features, insights, and customized content.
Advertising We may use cookies to customize and show you relevant advertising through our websites and applications.
Similarly, our third party partners may use cookies to determine whether we've shown an ad and how it performed, or collect information about how you interact with ads.
Performance, analytics and research Cookies help us research and measure the effectiveness of our interactive online features, content, advertisements, and other communications.
We also use cookies to track our website and application analytics and use.
Performance-gauging cookies we may use reveal how you use our websites and applications, such as which content is the most popular, how much time users are spending there, and what advertising is relevant to you.
These cookies help us provide an optimized experience (and we may engage third parties to carry out this analysis, and they may set their own "third party" cookies).
Your Choices Your browser may provide you with the option to refuse some or all cookies.
You may also be able to remove cookies from your browser.
For more information about how to manage browser cookies, please follow the instructions provided by your browser.
Please note that refusing or removing certain types of cookies, such as Flash cookies, may require separate procedures.
However, please note that if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to view or use parts of our website or other online services due to limited functionality.
Some cookies we use may be stored using a web-browsing component other than a browser application?which might not be capable of being disabled on your device, but the information collected does not personally identify you, and does not permit tracking between online services.
Your operating system may let you opt-out from having certain device identifiers used for interest-based advertising.
You should refer to the instructions provided by your computer or mobile device’s manufacturer.
this information is typically available under the “settings” function.
To opt out of having information collected by non-affiliated third party ad networks, advertising agencies, advertisers, and audience segment providers used for behavioral advertising, to obtain information about the technologies these third parties might use, and to view information regarding their privacy policies, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices&nbsp.
if you are located in the United States, www.youronlinechoices.com if you are located in Europe, youradchoices.ca/choices if you are located in Canada, or www.youronlinechoices.com.au if you are located in Australia.
If you opt out of these technologies, you may continue to see advertising displayed through our website or mobile app, but the advertising may not be targeted to your interests.
Please remember that we do not have access to, or control over, non-affiliated third party advertisers' or service providers' cookies, and the information practices of such third parties are not covered by this Cookie Policy or our Privacy Policy.
For more information on the use of cookies in online advertising, please visit the NAI's website.
And of course, if you have installed our mobile app on your mobile device and your device offers an uninstall process, you can always stop us from collecting information through our mobile app by uninstalling the MyAnimeList app.
