
         Privacy Policy Last Updated: February 22, 2019
Before submitting any personal information via this website, please review the following MyGrantResource.com Privacy Policy.
The following sets forth the policies for the collection and use of personally identifiable information (“Information”) by MyGrantResource.com (“Company”, “we”, “us,” “our”).
We take our obligations regarding privacy very seriously, and want to ensure users are fully informed about the Information they provide us.
This Privacy Policy is designed to inform users about the types of Information we gather and how we gather it, how we may use that Information, how and to whom we may disclose that Information, how long we retain that Information, the choices available to you with regards to that Information, and how we protect that Information.
This policy applies to our website (the “Website”), technology, products features and services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Company may make changes to this Privacy Policy and our services from time to time, in its sole discretion.
we will let you know about the updated Privacy Policy by posting them on the Website or though other communications.
Any such revisions will be effective on the date of posting to the Website, and will apply to all information collected by us both prior to and following the effective date Your continued use of the Website following the posting of a new version of the Privacy Policy constitutes your acceptance of any such changes.
Accordingly, whenever you visit the Website, check to see if a new version has been posted.
If you do not agree to by bound by the updated Privacy Policy, then you may not use the Website anymore.
Collection of Information.
In connection with the Website, we may collect Information in the following ways:

Through registration forms filled out by a user on the Website 
Through Information provided by a user in connection with the purchase of products or services on the Website 
Through the maintenance and analysis of Web server logs 
Via e-mail or push notification sent by a user to us
Through the use by the Website of third-party databases from which user Information is extracted and combined with Information obtained by Website through other mean

Cookies and Other Tracking Tools.
We may also connect non-personally identifiable information from users via “cookies” (small text files placed by us on user computers), single-pixel GIF image files (also called “Web beacons”), Web server log analysis and other similar technological means.
Such non-personally identifiable information may be used to track site trends and enhance the user experience, and may be shared with third parties.
To the extent third parties may place advertising on the Website, such third parties may utilize cookies or other technological means within the advertising to collect and utilize non-personally identifiable information.
We are not responsible for information collected by third parties in this manner, nor for the collection or use of Information by other sites to which the Website is linked.
Types of Information We Collect.
We obtain Information about you from the various sources described above to provide our product and services to users.
The following types of Information about a user are among those that may be collected by us in connection with the Website:

Name 
Postal address 
E-mail address 
Telephone number 
Cellular telephone number 
Facsimile number 
Payment information (e.g.
credit card numbers and billing addresses), if purchases or payments are made 
Banking information 
Social Security number 
Date of birth 
Age except with any offer of credit
Gender except with any offer of credit
Other demographic information (e.g.
occupation, income range) 
IP Address 
Referring site 
Information about applications you have installed or enabled, web browser, web language, language setting, operating system, device type and network provider
Other technical information collected by our servers.

Use of Information.
We may use Information collected in connection with the Website in the following ways:

To provide requested information, products and services to users
To improve the user experience 
In connection with the operation of our business
In connection with other website or offline businesses owned or operated by us 
For Users to obtain information and offers for products and services offered by us as well as selected third parties.

In order to do the foregoing, we may provide your Information to trusted third parties, including but not limited to selected third party marketers and vendors as well as third party contractors providing services to us for the operation of the Website and its business, communication services and fulfillment of orders.
Email address will only be provided to selected mailing partners of ours.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to limit use of the Information by such third parties to the specific uses set forth above.
We also utilize electronic and physical security to reduce the risk of improper access to or manipulation of Information during transmission and storage, but cannot guarantee the security or integrity of the Information.
Sharing Personal Information with Third Parties.
We may share, sell or trade your Information gathered online with the following third parties and for the following purposes.

Members of our corporate family (e.g., parents, subsidiaries, affiliates and related companies).
Employees, contractors and subcontractors.
To third parties to market their products or services to you.
Vendors that provide services to us.
Financial institutions that provide us with capital.
Auditors.
Payment network requests.
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
Any potential investors, buyers, or other successor in event of a merger or other sale or transfer of assets.
To enforce our Terms and Conditions and other agreements.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our customers or others.

By checking “I Agree” on the opt-in express consent form upon registering to use our Website and services, you expressly consent to being contacted by telephone (including calls to your mobile telephone), email and/or text message by us or vendors working on our behalf with information related to our services.
Calls or texts may employ automated dialing technology and prerecorded/artificial voice messages.
I understand that consenting is not required to make any purchase.
Please be advised that by agreeing to this Privacy Policy, you are obligated to immediately inform us if and when the telephone number that you have previously provided to us changes.
Without limiting the foregoing, if you: (i) have your telephone number reassigned to another person or entity.
(ii) give up your telephone number so that it is no longer used by you.
(iii) port your telephone number to a landline or vice versa.
or (iv) otherwise stop using that telephone number for any reason (collectively “Phone Number Change”), you agree that you shall promptly notify MyGrantResource of the Phone Number Change via e-mail at: contact@MyGrantResource.com, or by using one of the methods set forth in the “Contact Us” section below.

Children’s Privacy.
The Website is not intended for users under the age of 18.
Do not use the Website if you are under the age of 18.
We do not knowingly collect or retain Information in connection with the Website from children under the age of 13.
If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with information, we shall take immediate steps to delete such information.
Access to Information.
Users may modify and correct certain Information through a written request sent to MyGrantResource, 2153 Wealthy St SE #156, East Grand Rapids, MI 49506.
Security
The security of your Information is important to us.
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards, consistent with legal requirements where the information was obtained, designed to protect against unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, use, disclosure of, or access to the Information provided to us.
Please be aware that the transmission of information over the internet is not completely secure.
No security measures are impenetrable or perfect.
We cannot guarantee the security of your Information and are not responsible for the circumvention of any security measures on or in connection with the Website.
Any transmission of information is at your own risk.
Opting Out from Offers from Site.
At any time, a user may opt out from receiving future offers from us by following the instructions contained within each marketing communication.
Such opting out will not apply to any communications from third parties to whom we may have provided Information regarding the user.
Third parties’ use of the Information is subject to such parties’ own privacy policies, for which we shall not be responsible.
You may opt out of receiving push notifications by changing the settings regarding notifications on your device (the method of opting out may differ depending on the device).
This will not affect advertisements placed by any other organization.
Do Not Track Notifications.
Some web browsers may include a “do not track” optional setting, we do not alter our behavior or change our services based upon receiving a “do not track” request.
Such a feature is the responsibility of the web browser. California Privacy Rights This website is in compliance with the California Consumer Protection Privacy Act, which gives California consumers the right to request what personal information, if any, has been collected.
Under the CCPA, consumers have the right to request access to the personal information this website holds about them, and you may request to have your personal information deleted.
Personal Information that this website collects may include:

First name and last name
Email address
IP address
Telephone number
Information related to your job search
Geolocation data

We may collect demographic information which may include, but not limited to, zip code, and telephone number.
This purpose is so that we may provide you with information related to your job search.
We may also collect behavioral information, which includes your IP address, geolocation, internet browser and more.
This information is to prevent fraud, provide accurate results, and improve our services.
The CCPA allows California consumers to request whether Personal information was sold in the preceding 12 months, and if so, categories and purpose for the sale.
Additionally, consumers may request whether their Personal Information was shared with Service Providers.
If you would like to request to information, or have your information deleted, with regard to your rights under this law, you may complete the process here privacy@mygrantresource.com.
California residents may only submit one request per year
Changes to this Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to revise and update this Privacy Policy at any time.
Any such revisions will be effective on the date of posting to the Website, and will apply to all information collected by us both prior to and following the effective date.
Your use of the Website following any such revisions will be deemed your acceptance of such revisions.
Users should periodically visit this page to review the current policies with regard to Information. Contact Us.
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: 

 MyGrantResource  2153 Wealthy St SE #156  East Grand Rapids, MI 49506 
