
         You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.RegisterSign InFAQMyIR Privacy PolicyEffective date: September 15th 2021
STChealth, LLC ("STChealth," "we," and "us") provides this Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of the information we receive from our https://myirmobile.com/ website (together with all subdomains, related websites, and mobile versions) and the MyIR application and connected applications (together with the related mobile device applications) (collectively, "MyIR" or “MyIR Services”).
This Privacy Policy applies only to information we obtain from you when you are online while visiting or using the MyIR Services.
It does not apply to information we have obtained or may obtain offline through other traditional means.
This Privacy Policy supplements and should be read in conjunction with the STChealth Privacy Policy, available at https://stchealth.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/Privacy-Statement-final-7.2-1.pdf, which provides additional information on STChealth’s privacy practices.
If you are in the European Union, the STChealth subsidiary or affiliate who owns and operates the website that you are visiting will be the data controller responsible for the collection and use of your data.
If you have a query about how your data is being used, you can contact the data controller through the Data Protection Officer whose contact details appear below.
This Privacy Policy applies to your access to and use of MyIR, and by choosing to use it, you consent to the collection, transfer, processing, storage, disclosure and other uses of your information described in this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, you may not use.Information We Collect We collect two basic types of information from you in conjunction with your use of MyIR – Personal Information and non-Personal Information (collectively, “Information”).
“Personal information” is any information that can individually identify you and includes, as an illustrative example and without limitation, your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, etc.
“Non-Personal Information” includes information that does not personally identify you, but may include, as an illustrative example and without limitation, use of the website and the Internet, etc.
We may collect and store the following Personal Information and Non-Personal Information (collectively, “Information”) that you provide directly or generate through your use of MyIR, which includes connections to state Immunization Information Systems and health care providers.

Personal Information


Contact information, such as email address, phone, mailing address;
Personal and family information, including your name and family member names, genders and date of births;
Immunization history &amp.
recommendations;
Information about your use of MyIR (such as settings, in-app usage information, including features used, frequency and duration of use of the app);
MyIR profile data (such as username, profile photo settings);
MyIR account information;
Device information (such as IP address, IP address of your Internet Service Provider, firmware version, operating system, device identifiers including MAC address, Android ID, serial number and mobile advertiser identifiers).
and 
Geolocation data, where location-based features and location settings have been activated on your device.

Personal Information We May Obtain from Other Sources
We may receive information about you from other sources, including publicly available databases, trusted third-party services, or partners with which we offer co-branded services.
We may also receive information from our affiliated companies.
This helps us to update and analyze our records.How We Use InformationWe may use this Information:

to enable you to access and use MyIR;
to provide the MyIR Services and features that you request;
to process and facilitate your Immunization Ambassador application;
to deliver customized content;
to respond to your requests and inquiries;
for our advertising, such as providing customized advertisements, notifying you of new products, services, and sponsored content and sending you promotional communications;
to communicate with you about MyIR, your immunizations and health and your family’s immunizations and health;
to operate, evaluate, and improve our business (including developing new products.
enhancing and improving our products and MyIR.
managing our communications.
analyzing our products, consumer base and MyIR.
performing data analytics.
and performing accounting, auditing and other internal functions);
for billing, account management and other administrative matters;
to protect against, identify and prevent fraud and other criminal activity, claims and other liabilities;
to send you important information regarding the MyIR Services, changes to our terms, conditions, and policies and/or other administrative information.
and
to comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards and our policies including this Privacy Policy, the STChealth Privacy Policy and the MyIR Terms of Service.
How We Share and Disclose InformationWe will not disclose your personal information to third party-businesses for our own or their own independent marketing or business purposes without your consent.
We will only provide personal information to third parties after contacting you and obtaining your consent for the particular third-party business.
We may share your personal information with our third-party service providers as necessary, for the purposes of providing the MyIR Services and features as described above.
We and our third-party service providers also may disclose information about you if as we believe to be necessary or appropriate:

under applicable law, including laws outside your state or country of residence;
to comply with legal process;
to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your state or country of residence;
to enforce our terms and conditions;
to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates;
to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others;
to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain;
aggregated or de-identified Non-Personal Information may be disclosed for any purpose.
For example, we may share aggregated or de-identified Non-Personal Information with prospects or partners for business or research purposes;
to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
Use of Cookies/Tracking TechnologyWhen you interact with the MyIR Services, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, “cookie” information, and the page you requested.
Cookies and other tracking technologies (such as pixels and beacons) are comprised of small bits of data that often include a de-identified or anonymous unique identifier.
Websites, apps and other services send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer, so the website can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that service.
We may use these technologies to collect and store information about your usage of the Website (such as the pages you have visited, content you have viewed, search queries you have run, and advertisements you have seen), which information is then used to understand your preferences so as to enable us to provide you with improved services in future visits, and to compile aggregate data about site traffic and interactions so that we can offer better experiences and tools in the future.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether.
Please consult the “Help” section of your browser for more information.
Please note that by blocking any or all cookies, you may not have access to certain features, content, or personalization available through the Website.
We utilize email tracking systems that provide us with data such as who opened or forwarded an email, the time it was opened, and whether the reader clicked certain links within the email.AnalyticsWe, as well as third-party service providers acting on our behalf (such as Google), may use our cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as WordPress) or other third-party identifiers to gather anonymous analytics and statistics about the MyIR Services and how they are being used by our visitors so we can improve the MyIR website.
Our web server storage logs may collect the domain names, internet protocol addresses, the types of web browsers, and certain data of visitors to the website.
Data about your activities online may be collected for use in providing advertising tailored to your individual interests, either by us, our affiliates, or third parties.
We may work with third parties such as network advertisers and ad exchanges to serve advertisements across the internet and may use third party analytics service providers to evaluate and provide us and/or third parties with information about the use of these ads on third party websites and viewing of ads and of our content.
We and these third-party service providers, including Google, may use third-party technologies (such as a Facebook Custom Audience Pixel) together with our own technologies in order to analyze ad impressions, your use of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services.
The information collected may also include information about your visits to the MyIR website, the pages you have viewed, and what content you have seen.
These third-party tracking technologies may be set to, among other things: (a) help deliver advertisements to you that you might be interested in.
(b) prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times.
and (c) understand the effectiveness of the advertisements that have been delivered to you.
You can opt out of certain advertising by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative consumer opt out page at http://optout.networkadvertising.org/, by using the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout, or by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page at https://www.aboutads.info/choices.
Please note, at this time we do not respond to browser-based “do not track” signals.Email and Other CommunicationsWe may contact you by email or other means at an email address that you have provided to us.
For example, we may send you account information or promotional offers.
If you do not want to receive email from us, please let us know through the “unsubscribe” feature included in our communications.Social Media SitesWhen you interact with MyIR on or through a social media platform, such as Facebook or Twitter, we collect the Personal Information that you make available to us on that page or account, including your user ID and/or username, and any information you have made public in connection with that social media service.
Please note, however, that we will comply with the privacy policies of the corresponding social media platform and we will only collect and store such Personal Information that we are permitted to collect by these social media platforms.
The MyIR website includes social media widgets, such as Facebook and Twitter widgets.
These features collect information about your IP address and which page you’re visiting on the MyIR website, and they set a cookie to make sure their features function properly.
Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website.
Your interactions with those features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them.Third Party Sites and Privacy PracticesThis Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including Providers or public health authorities.
The inclusion of a third-party link within the MyIR Services does not imply endorsement by us or by our affiliates of any such third party site.
This Privacy Policy does not reflect the privacy practices of any third party, including health service provider and public health authority, and STChealth is not responsible for third party privacy policies or practices.
STChealth does not review, comment upon, or monitor third party privacy policies, including health service provider’s or public health authority’s privacy policies or their compliance with their respective privacy policies, nor does STChealth review third party instructions to determine whether they are in compliance or conflict with the terms of a their published privacy.Storage and ProcessingInformation collected from you may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country where we or our service providers maintain facilities.
The servers and databases in which Information is stored may be located outside the country from which you accessed MyIR, and in a country that does not have the same privacy laws as your country of residence.
The Information you provide to us may be transmitted abroad, but we will collect, process and use Information only in accordance with this Privacy Policy.International Transfer of InformationIf you choose to provide us with Information, we may transfer that information to our affiliates and subsidiaries or to other third parties, across borders, and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world in accordance with legal requirements.Data RetentionSTChealth will retain your Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law.SecuritySTChealth takes security of data very seriously.
STChealth uses commercially reasonable efforts to protect Information collected, used, stored, shared, or transferred through using MyIR from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access or disclosure.
Our practices and policies take into account the sensitivity of the Information we collect, process and store and the current state of technology.
Given the nature of communications and information processing technology, STChealth cannot guarantee that Information during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care will be absolutely safe from intrusion by others.
We do not promise, and you should not expect, that your Information or private communications will always remain private.
You are also responsible for taking reasonable steps to protect your Information against unauthorized disclosure or misuse such as by maintaining the confidentiality of your username and password and logging out of your account when not using the MyIR Website.
When you click a link to a third-party site, you will be leaving our site and we don’t control or endorse what is on third party sites.Use of Site by MinorsSTChealth respects the privacy of children and we are committed to complying with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and the requirements under Article 8 of the GDPR.
The MyIR Services are not permitted for use by individuals under the age of eighteen (18) unless they have provided the written consent of their parents or legal guardians, and we request that these individuals do not provide Information to us.
Your parent or legal guardian may revoke consent at any time, and STChealth will take reasonable steps to delete all Information collected from you.
STChealth will also provide your parent or legal guardian with the ability to request to review your Information, prohibit further collection of your Information, and delete, or instruct the deletion of, your Information.
If we learn that a child under 18 has provided Information to us without verification of parental consent, we will take commercially reasonable steps to delete that information.Accessing and Changing Your InformationIf you would like to review, correct, update, delete or otherwise limit our use of your Information that has been previously provided to us, you may contact us in accordance with the Contact Us section below.
In your request, please make clear what information you would like to have changed, whether you would like to have your Information deleted from our database or otherwise let us know what limitations you would like to put on our use of your Information.
We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
Please note that in order to comply with certain requests to limit use of your Information we may need to terminate your account with us and your ability to access and use the MyIR Services, and you agree that we will not be liable to you for such termination or for any refunds of prepaid fees paid by you.
Although we will use reasonable efforts to do so, you understand that it may not be technologically possible to remove from our systems every record of your Information.
The need to back up our systems to protect information from inadvertent loss means a copy of your Information may exist in a non-erasable form that will be difficult or impossible for us to locate or remove.Notice to non-U.S.
usersAs the Internet is a global environment, collecting and processing Personal Information may involve the transmission of this data internationally, including into and/or outside of the United States.
Therefore, by communicating electronically with us, you acknowledge and agree to your personal data being processed in this way.
Specifically, if you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that by using MyIR, your Information may be transferred to the United States or other third-countries, the privacy laws of which may be deemed by your country to have inadequate data protection.
If you are located outside of the United States and voluntarily submit Personal Information to us, you thereby consent to the general use of such information as provided in this Privacy Policy and to the transfer of that information to, and/or storage of that information in, the United States or other third-countries.
If you reside in the European Union and the United Kingdom, you have certain rights under the European Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), including:

The right to be informed of the Personal Information we collect and how we process and use that data;
The right to request access to your Personal Information;
The right to request that inaccurate Personal Information be rectified, or completed if incomplete;
The right to request erasure of your Personal Information;
The right to restrict our processing or use of your Personal Information;
The right to obtain and reuse your Personal Information for your own purposes;
The right to object to our processing or transferring your Personal Information;
The right to withdraw your consent for us to use your Personal Information.
and
The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority under the GDPR.

We have a legitimate interest in collecting and processing your Information for the purposes we have outlined in this Privacy Policy and so that we can optimize your experience with MyIR.
To the extent that STChealth’s processing of your personal data is subject to the General Data Protection Regulation (or applicable laws covering the processing of personal data in the United Kingdom), STChealth relies on its legitimate interests, described above, to process your data.
STChealth may also process Information that constitutes your personal data for direct marketing purposes, and you have a right to object to STChealth’s use of your personal data for this purpose at any time.
We retain and store your Information only for as long as we have a legitimate business purpose to do so and in accordance with our data retention policies and this Privacy Policy.
Some of the rights here can be exercised through your account.
If you cannot use the settings and tools provided therein, please contact us at privacy@stchome.com (ATTN: Data Protection Officer) or at the address below.
In response to receiving a request for one of the rights set forth above, we will timely comply with the request within the time periods set forth in the GDPR for each right.
Several of the above rights are not absolute and apply only in certain circumstances.
We will comply with requests for those rights as set forth in the GDPR.
We are intent on resolving any issues relating to our handling of your personal data and you may contact us at any time regarding any questions or concerns.
We do not make any decisions about you based on automated processing or profiling of your personal data.Your California RightsIf you are a California resident and have an established business relationship with us, you can request a notice disclosing the categories of Personal Information we have shared with third parties, if any, for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes, during the preceding calendar year.
To request a notice, please submit your request to the contact information provided below.
California law also permits residents of California to opt-out of MyIR’s disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
You may choose to opt-out of the sharing of your Personal Information with third parties for marketing purposes at any time by submitting a request in writing to the contact information provided below.
Please note that this opt-out does not prohibit disclosure made for non-marketing purposes.
For more information about the personal information we collect about California consumers and the rights afforded to them under the California Consumer Privacy Act or “CCPA,” please click here.Updates to Privacy PolicySTChealth reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify this Privacy Policy, at any time and without prior notice.
If we modify this Privacy Policy, we will post the modified Privacy Policy.
By continuing to access or use the Site, the App or the Services after we have posted a modified Privacy Policy or have provided you with notice of a modification, you are indicating that you agree to be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If the modified Privacy Policy is not acceptable to you, your only recourse is to cease using the Site, App and Services.Contact UsIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or to communicate with our Data Protection Officer, please contact us by email at privacy@stchome.com, or please write to:
ATTN: Data Protection Officer
STChealth, LLC
411 S.
1st Street
Phoenix, AZ.
85004
Please note that email communications are not always secure.
please do not include sensitive information in your emails to us.
