
Notice: Any transactions done on this site are deemed to have taken place at our office, regardless of where the site might have been viewed from.
Warning: A cash advance is intended as a short-term financial solution to a short term problem.
The first loan has to be paid in full before a new loan can be issued.
Terms and conditions: In this Agreement (“Agreement”), the words “you or your” mean the customer identified on front.
The words “Us”, “Our” mean Mynextpay.
Acceptance – As set forth herein, you accept the terms and conditions as outlined in this Agreement by authorizing us to debit your bank account when your loan comes due.
This Agreement is a confirmation of our agreement including the terms, which were available to you in writing from our office, on our website located at www.mynextpay.ca and verbally from one of our operators prior to the completion of the transaction.
Electronic Presentment of Funds – You agree to the electronic presentation by us of any funds owed and to the representation of any presentations that are returned to us for any reason.
Such electronic representation may be for less than the original amount owed us or in any increments totaling the amount due including the maximum permissible non-sufficient funds fees charged by us.
Class Action – You agree, to the extent permitted by law, that you will not bring, join, or participate in any class action or multi-plaintiff action as to any claim, dispute, or controversy you may have against Mynextpay.
You agree to the entry of injunctive relief to stop such a lawsuit or to remove yourself as a participant in the suit.
This agreement does not constitute a waiver of any of your rights and remedies to pursue a claim individually as outlined herein.
Documentation – You agree that electronic mail, electronic forms, records, photocopies, and /or facsimile copies of the documents you submit are valid and enforceable as the original.
Further, you agree that by verbal consent in person or by phone, typing your name as your electronic signature, or any other manner or method of acceptance as outlined herein constitutes an acceptance of all terms and conditions of the Agreement for which will be deemed valid and binding on all parties to this Agreement.
Electronic Signature/Verbal Consent – By agreeing to this application, you understand and agree to all terms and conditions of this Agreement and by submitting the online application by Internet or by phone, you are applying for a cash advance and certify that information provided by you is true and correct under penalty of perjury.
You agree that upon submission of your electronic signature or verbal consent by phone, you are not presently involved in, or contemplating bankruptcy now or in the future.
You authorize us to verify the information in this application and hereby give the Mynextpay, consent to obtain information on you from a consumer reporting agency or other various means available.
You understand that Mynextpay, reserves the right to decline an applicant at any time, with cause determined by judgment of risk, upon completion of due diligence of applicant.
In order to process this application, you understand verification of the information you have provided is necessary, including, but not limited to, employment and bank account verification.
You accept personal responsibility for safeguarding any PIN or CUSTOMER NUMBER that might be assigned to you.
