
        
MyVidster respects the intellectual property of others.
It is MyVidster's policy to respond expeditiously to legitimate claims of copyright and other intellectual property infringement.
MyVidster will promptly process and investigate notices of alleged infringement and will take appropriate actions under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") and other applicable intellectual property laws.
Upon receipt of notices complying or substantially complying with the DMCA, MyVidster may act expeditiously to remove or disable access to any material claimed to be infringing or claimed to be the subject of infringing activity and may act expeditiously to remove or disable access to any reference or link to material or activity that is claimed to be infringing.
MyVidster will terminate access for subscribers and account holders who are repeat infringers.


Notifying MyVidster of Copyright Infringement: To provide MyVidster notice of an infringement, you must provide a written communication to the attention of "DMCA Infringement Notification Dept." at copyright@myvidster.com that sets forth the information specified by the DMCA (http://www.copyright.gov/title17/92chap5.html#512).
Please note that you may be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) if you materially misrepresent that an activity is infringing your copyright.

While not require, if you want to mail us your notice it should be sent to our designated agent as follows:
Marques Gunter
SalsaIndy LLC.
815-A Brazos Street #365
Austin, TX 78701

Providing MyVidster with Counter-Notification: If we remove or disable access to content in response to an infringement notice, we will make reasonable attempts to contact the owner or administrator of the affected content.
If you material has been removed and you feel that your material does not constitute infringement, you may provide MyVidster with a counter notification by written communication to the attention of "DMCA Counter Notification Dept." at copyright@myvidster.com that sets forth all of the necessary information required by the DMCA (http://www.copyright.gov/title17/92chap5.html#512).
Please note that you may be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) if you materially misrepresent that an activity is not infringing the copyrights of others.
If you are uncertain whether an activity constitutes infringement, we recommended seeking advice of an attorney.

      