
        HDNS, a DNS resolver we built to make Handshake domains accessible from any device is live! Set up HDNS Set up HDNS Domain searchAbout HNSBuy/Sell HNSSupportLog InSign UpDomain searchAbout HNSBuy/Sell HNSSupportLog InSign UpLast revised on: March 28, 2019Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy (“Policy”) describes how Namebase Inc., Namebase Limited.
and its related companies
(collectively, “Company” “Namebase”, “us”, “our”, and “we”) collect, use and share personal information
of consumer users of https://testnet.namebase.io, https://namebase.io, or any associated websites, APIs, or
mobile applications (collectively the “Site”).
This Policy also applies to any of our other websites that post
this Policy.
This Policy does not apply to websites that post different statements.
By signing up to use an
account through the Site, you agree that you have read, understood, and accept all of the terms and
conditions of this Privacy Policy.
Any capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Namebase Terms of Use
(“Terms of Use”).
WHAT WE COLLECT
We get information about you in a range of ways and this includes personal information:
Information You Give Us.
We collect your name, postal address, email address, date of birth,
username and password, as well as other information you directly give us on our Site.
In addition,
we may collect certain personal information (e.g., social security number or other proof of identity
such as driver’s license, passport or government-issued ID) in order to verify and authenticate your
identity as required by applicable law.
To use certain Namebase Services, you may also be required
to provide certain financial information.
Information We Get From Others.
We may get information about you from other sources,
including from publicly available data on a blockchain network such as information collected from
using blockchain explorers.
We may add this to information we get from this Site.
We also receive
information about you from third party services we partner with to verify and authenticate your
identity as required by applicable law.
Information Automatically Collected.
We automatically log device information when you access
the Site and use the services.
For example, when visiting our Site, we log your computer operating
system type, browser type, browser language, the website you visited before browsing to our Site,
pages you viewed, how long you spent on a page, access times and information about your use of
and actions on our Site.
Cookies.
We may log information using "cookies." Cookies are small data files stored on your hard
drive by a website.
We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web
browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide
you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Site.
This type of information is
collected to make the Site more useful to you and to tailor the experience with us to meet your
special interests and needs.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We have set out below, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal information.
We note
that unless otherwise stated, we rely on the legal basis of legitimate interest to process your personal
information:

LEGAL_US_E # 139021424.4
• We use your personal information to operate, maintain, and improve the Site, products, and
Namebase Services.
• We use your personal information to create and manage your Namebase Account,including
communicating with you regarding your Namebase Account.
• On the basis of it being necessary for the performance of a contract, we use your personal
information to process and deliver auction entries and rewards on the Handshake Blockchain.
• We use your personal information to respond to and provide customer service.
• We use your personal information to send information including confirmations, invoices, technical
notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages.
• With your consent, we use your personal information to communicate about promotions, upcoming
events, and other news, including news about products and services offered by us and our selected
partners.
• We use your personal information to link or combine user information with other personal
information as part of our process to verify and authenticate your identity as required by applicable
law.
• We use your personal information to protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent,
unauthorized, or illegal activity or money laundering.
• On the basis of it being necessary for the performance of a contract, we use your personal
information to enable you to access and use certain Namebase Services in connection with the
purchase or sale of Handshake Coins.
• We use your personal information to conduct security investigations and risk assessments.
• We use your personal information as described in the “Sharing of your Personal Information”
section below.
SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may share personal information as follows:
• We may share personal information with your express consent.
• We may share personal information when we do a business deal, or negotiate a business deal,
involving the sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets.
These deals can include any
merger, financing, acquisition, or bankruptcy transaction or proceeding.
• We may share personal information for legal, protection, compliance and safety purposes.
o We may share information to comply with applicable laws.
o We may share information to respond to law enforcement, officials, regulatory agencies
and other lawful requests, subpoenas and legal processes.
o We may share information to protect the rights and property of Namebase Inc., our agents,
customers, and others.
This includes enforcing our agreements, policies, and terms of use.
o We may share information in an emergency.
This includes protecting the safety of our
employees and agents, our customers, or any person.

• We may share your information with financial institutions with which we partner to provide you
certain Namebase Services.
• We may share your information with our corporate affiliates.
• We may share your information with certain service providers to help provide the Namebase
Services, including certain third-party identity verification partners.

INFORMATION CHOICES AND CHANGES

LEGAL_US_E # 139021424.4
You may send requests about personal information to our Contact Information below regarding the
following:
•Opt-out.
You may contact us anytime to opt-out of: (i) direct marketing communications.
and (ii) any
new processing of your personal information that we may carry out beyond the original purpose.
Please
note that your use of some of the Site and the Namebase Services may be ineffective upon opt-out.
Our
marketing emails also tell you how to “opt-out.” If you opt out, we may stillsend you non-marketing emails.
Non-marketing emails include emails about your Namebase Account and our business dealings with you.
•Access.
You may access the information we hold about you at any time by contacting us directly.
•Amend.
You can also contact us to update or correct any inaccuracies in your personal information.
•Move.
Your personal information is portable – i.e.
you to have the flexibility to move your data to other
service providers as you wish.
•Erase and forget.
In certain situations, for example when the information we hold about you is no longer
relevant or is incorrect, you can request that we erase your data.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us using the details in Contact Information section
below.
In your request, please make clear: (i) what personal information is concerned.
and (ii) which of the
above rights you would like to enforce.
For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect
to the personal information associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request,
and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request.
We will try to comply with
your request as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event, within one month of your request.
Cookies
What are cookies?
We may collect information using “cookies.” Cookies are small data files stored on the hard drive of your
computer or mobile device by a website.
We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close
your web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer or mobile device until you delete
them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Site.
We use two broad categories of cookies: (1) first party cookies, served directly by us to your computer or
mobile device, which are used only by us to recognize your computer or mobile device when it revisits
our Site.
and (2) third party cookies, which are served by service providers on our Site, and can be used
by such service providers to recognize your computer or mobile device when it visits other websites.
Cookies we use
Our Site uses the following types of cookies for the purposes set out below:
Type of cookie Purpose

LEGAL_US_E # 139021424.4
Essential Cookies These cookies are essential to provide you with services available
through our Site and to enable you to use some of its features.
Without
these cookies, the services that you have asked for cannot be provided,
and we only use these cookies to provide you with those services.
Functionality Cookies These cookies allow our Site to remember choices you make when you
use our Site, such as remembering your language preferences,
remembering your login details and remembering the changes you
make to other parts of our Site which you can customize.
The purpose
of these cookies is to provide you with a more personal experience and
to avoid you having to re-enter your preferences every time you visit
our Site.

Analytics and Performance
Cookies

These cookies are used to collect information about traffic to our Site
and how users use our Site.
The information gathered does not identify
any individual visitor.
We use this information to help operate our Site
more efficiently and to monitor the level of activity on our Site.
We use Google Analytics for this purpose.
Google Analytics uses its
own cookies.
It is only used to improve how our Site works.
You can
find out more information about Google Analytics cookies here:
https://developers.google.com/analytics/resources/concepts/gaConcept
sCookies
You can find out more about how Google protects your data here:
www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html.
You can prevent the use of Google Analytics relating to your use of
our Site by downloading and installing the browser plugin available via
this link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB

Disabling cookies
You can typically remove and reject cookies from our Site with your browser settings.
In order to do this,
follow the instructions provided by your browser (usually located within the “settings,” “help” “tools” or
“edit” facility).
Many browsers are set to accept cookies until you change your settings.
If you remove or
reject our cookies, it could affect how our Site works for you.
Further information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your computer or
mobile device and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org and
www.youronlinechoices.com.uk.
INFORMATION SECURITY
We take your privacy very seriously and work hard to protect Namebase and you from unauthorized access
to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we collect and store.
We encrypt the
Site using SSL encryption technology and all traffic on the Site is forced to use SSL.
We review all
information practices on a regular basis, and we restrict access to information on a need-to-know basis for
all employees and other Namebase service providers who are subject to confidentiality obligations and are

LEGAL_US_E # 139021424.4
subject to termination or disciplinary action, including legal action, should such employees or service
providers breach these obligations.
While two factor authentication is not presently required to access the
Site and use Namebase Services, we reserve the right to require use of two factor authentication in the
future.
RETENTION
We will only retain your personal information for as long as is reasonably required for you to use the Site
and the Namebase Services until you close your Namebase Account unless a longer retention period is
required or permitted by law (for example for regulatory purposes).
PROTECTING CHILDREN'S ONLINE PRIVACY
The Namebase Services are only intended for use by those who have reached age 18 and older.
By using
the Namebase Services you are affirming that you are at least 18 years old.
We do not knowingly collect
personal information from children under 13.
If you believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided
information to us, please notify us at alert@namebase.io.
If we inadvertently collect information of children
under 13, we will delete that information immediately upon notice.
We are not liable for any damages that
may result from the user’s misrepresentation of age.
CONTACT INFORMATION
We welcome your comments or questions about this privacy policy.
You may also contact us at our address:
Namebase Ltd.
ATTN: CEO
Address:
6 Honduras Street
London
United Kingdom, EC1Y 0TH
Telephone: +1 (857) 540-5647
Email: hello@namebase.io
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
This privacy policy is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any substantial changes, we may notify
you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us (if any), and/or by prominently

posting notice of the changes on our Site.
You are responsible for providing us with your most current e-
mail address.
In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any

reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing
such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice.
Continued
use of our Site and the Namebase Services following notice of such changes shall indicate your
acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Your information, including personal information that we collect from you, may be transferred to, stored at
and processed by us and our affiliates and other third parties outside the country in which you reside,
including, but not limited to the United States, where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer
the same level of protection as in other parts of the world.
By using our Site, you agree to this transfer,

LEGAL_US_E # 139021424.4
storing or processing.
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your information is treated
securely and in accordance with this Policy.
One such step we will take to ensure the security of your
personal information is to enter into specific contract clauses approved by the European Commission which
ensure your personal information is given the same protection it has in Europe.
LearnLearning CenterFAQStatsCompanyAboutBlogPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceProductBuy / Sell HandshakeHandshake domainsClaim airdropLeave feedbackAPICommunityNamer NewsCommunityJoin the effort©2021 Namebase, Inc | Banking services are provided by Synapse's bank partners, Members FDIC
      