
         Terms &amp.
Conditions of Use
Last updated: May 25, 2018
In English
NationStates is a free online political game.
Players should respect the fun,
playful atmosphere of the game, and remain civil when interacting with each other.
However, this is politics,
and there are more players than moderators, so someone may post content that
you find objectionable.
By continuing, you agree that you understand this, and that
NationStates.net is not a publisher and not responsible for posts by players.

Please also note that
the NationStates forums sometimes
contain discussions of a mature nature and are not suitable for visitors
under 13 years of age.
In Legalese
BY USING THIS SITE, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ACCEPTANCE TO THESE TERMS OF USE.
If you do not
agree to these terms and conditions, do not use this site.

You may submit content to NationStates.net so long as it is not obscene, illegal,
threatening, malicious, or defamatory, does not invade the privacy or infringe the
intellectual property of a third party, and does not constitute "spam." You may
not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, attempt to
"hack" the site or another player's account, nor otherwise mislead as to the
origin of information.

You agree to abide by all posted site rules, a fuller accounting of which may be found in the
FAQ and
The One Stop Rules Shop
forum thread.

You are aware that the site Privacy Policy forms a part
of these Terms &amp.
Conditions.

Should you breach these terms and conditions you agree to indemnify NationStates, Max
Barry, and any and all employees, agents, administrators, moderators, volunteers, and
affiliates associated with NationStates.net from and against any and all third party
claims, demands, liabilities, costs or expenses, including reasonable legal fees.

You understand that this site is open to the general public, and agree that while using
it you may encounter content posted by other users that you consider objectionable.
You
understand that while reasonable efforts will be exerted to ensure the site remains free
from offensive and illegal content, the site administrator(s) and/or moderator(s) cannot
control what other people upload.
All responsibility whatsoever is expressly
disclaimed for content posted by the general public.

You understand that this web site contains satiric content, and presents views and
opinions exaggerated for the purposes of parody.

Where your country of access imposes laws regulating this web site, you agree to use
your best efforts to comply with them.

All content, services, and software on this web site are provided "as is"
without warranty of any kind, either express or implied.
You assume total responsibility
and risk for your use of the web site.

When you submit content to NationStates.net, you grant the site and its
administrator(s) a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual license to reproduce,
distribute, transmit, and publicly display such content.

By entering the NationStates forum you assert that you are at least 13 years of age.

The portion of site content that has not been submitted by users is
copyright under international law (c) Max Barry 2002-2015.

Any claim relating to this web site shall be governed by the laws of
the State of Victoria, Australia without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

These terms may be revised at any time without notice and it is your
responsibility to stay up-to-date with them.
This document contains a "Last Modified"
date at the top.
You may also enjoy
Our Privacy Policy

Frequently Asked Questions

The One Stop Rules Shop
Changelog

October 9, 2014: Rewritten version.

August 13, 2015: Corrected typo in page title.
Extended copyright date to 2015.
Added this Changelog.

April 19, 2017: Added links to FAQ and One Stop Rules Shop.

May 25, 2018: Added additional link to Privacy Policy.


