
         Nautilus Nonprofit Assoc.
Privacy Policy What information do we collect?

You may browse this website anonymously.
We don't use ads, cookies, analytics, pixel tracking, spam, etc.


We only collect information from you when you place an order for our products or services.
When ordering or registering, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, email, address, phone number, and/or credit card information.
 What do we use your information for?

Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:


To process transactions

Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.


To send important updates

The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
 How do we protect your information?

We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.


All supplied private information is encrypted and transmitted via Transport Layer Security (TLS) technology.
Payments are processed via audited Payment Gateway providers.
Sensitive data is stored encrypted and physical access is restricted to authorized personnel only.
 Do we use cookies?

No.
 Do we disclose any information to outside parties?

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
 Third party links

Occasionally, at our discretion, we may link to third party products or services on our website.
These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies.
We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
 Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance

We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age.
Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
 Your Consent

By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
 Changes to our Privacy Policy

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.

 
Last updated: June 26, 2021
