


Menu



Home
Join &amp.
Manage Your Membership
Benefits
Ride Calendar
Newsletters
Routes 
Ride with GPS Club Account
Route Library


Officers
Sponsors
Contact

Menu

 Who we are Our website address is: https://www.ncbikeclub.net. Comments We do not allow comments on blog postings, so we do not collect your information. Media If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included.
Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website. Cookies If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies.
This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices.
Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year.
If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks.
If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser.
This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited.
It expires after 1 day. Embedded content from other websites Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g.
videos, images, articles, etc.).
Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website. Who we share your data with If you request a password reset, your IP address will be included in the reset email. What rights you have over your data If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us.
You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you.
This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes. Pages
Articles
Benefits
Contact
Homepage
Membership
Officers
Privacy Policy
Ride and Race Summaries
Ride Calendar
Ride with GPS Club Account
Sponsors
Categories
Events

Frontpage Article

News

Archive
June 2021
April 2021
March 2020
October 2019
September 2019
August 2019
June 2019
May 2019
April 2019
March 2019
February 2019
January 2019
October 2018
September 2018
August 2018
June 2018
May 2018
April 2018
March 2018
February 2018
January 2018
 NCBC Affiliates TeamCBC
Slow Spokes
Selma Cyclepaths
Carolina Tarwheels
Raleigh Gyros
Triangle Off Road Cyclists
Carrboro Bicycling Coalition Business Hours Our support Hotline is available 24 Hours a day: (555) 343 456 7891


Monday-Friday: 9am to 5pm 

Saturday: 10am to 2pm

Sunday: Closed 
 Calendars and Forums NC DOT Projects
TriangleMTB
bikeradar
BikeForums DisclaimerThere are links to third party websites contained in NCBC's website.
These third party sites are not under NCBC's control.
NCBC does not intend these third party links to be endorsements of the linked entities and are provided for convenience only.Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyINTERESTING LINKS Ride and Race Summaries
Articles
Research Trailer Park
BikeWalk NC
bikelaw
Admin Login © Copyright 2018 - North Carolina Bicycle Club, Inc.
Scroll to top This site uses cookies.
By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. OK 
      