
         nelink Privacy Policy Welcome to nelink.
This Privacy Policy describes the policies and procedures of nelink, LLC (“nelink”, “we” or “us”) on the collection, use, security and disclosure of personal information about you on https://ne.link (the “Site”) and the services, features, content or applications offered by nelink (collectively with the Site, the “Services”).
It also describes your choices regarding use, access and correction of your personal information.
Scope This Privacy Policy covers the treatment of the personal information gathered by nelink when you use or access the Services, or when you view or interact with an nelink link (either our ne.link links of one of our branded domains).
This Privacy Policy also covers nelink’s treatment of any information about you that nelink’s customers share with nelink.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of other businesses that nelink does not own or control, including other companies’ websites, services and applications (“Third Party Services”) that you can access through the Services, such as Facebook or Twitter, or to individuals that nelink does not manage or employ.
We cannot take responsibility for the content or privacy policies of those Third Party Services.
We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any Third Party Services you access.
Information We Collect nelink may collect personal information about you as described in this Privacy Policy when you (i) use the Services, or (ii) view or interact with an nelink link (either our ne.link links or one of our branded domains) on a third-party website.
We collect the following types of information from you, some of which might be considered personal information under applicable law.
When You Create an nelink Link One feature of the Services is the ability to create shortened uniform resource locators (URLs) of websites (“nelink Link” or “nelinks”).
Users can create nelink Links without registering for an account.
When you create an nelink Link, nelink collects and stores both the original URL and the shortened URL.
nelink also collects and stores your IP address, your location, which we derive from your IP address, the time and date on which you shortened the original URL.
When You Interact With an nelink Link nelink automatically collects personal information about the interaction (such as clicks or views) with every nelink Link created through the Services (either our ne.link links or one of our branded domains) on a third-party website.
This information includes, but is not limited to: (i) the IP address and location derived from the IP address.
(ii) the referring websites or services.
(iii) the time and date of each access.
(iv) device settings, such as browser type, operating system, and language.
(v) cookies, as described below, and mobile advertising identifiers and (v) information about sharing of the nelink Link on Third Party Services such as Twitter and Facebook (collectively, “nelink Metrics”).
As described in this policy, we use nelink Metrics to provide the Services, to understand and analyze how our Services are used and to identify trends, and to detect, deter and prevent malicious, fraudulent or unlawful activity.
Please see the “Information We May Share” section of this Privacy Policy for a description of how we may share information we collect when you create, view or interact with nelink Links.
Other Information We Automatically Collect When you visit the Site, we automatically collect (i) your IP address and location derived from the IP address.
(ii) the referring websites or services.
(iii) the time and date of each access.
(iv) device settings, such as browser type, operating system, and language.
and (v) cookie information.
This type of data enables us and third parties authorized by us to figure out how often individuals use parts of the Site so that we can analyze and improve them.
We may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us.
We use this confirmation to improve our customer service.
nelink may use third-party APIs and software development kits (“SDKs”) to provide certain functions in our Services.
Cookies and Other Similar Technologies nelink and its partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
Cookies are pieces of text that may be provided to your computer through your web browser when you access a website.
Your browser stores cookies in a manner associated with each website you visit.
We use cookies to enable our servers to recognize your web browser and tell us how and when you visit our Site and use the Services through the web.
nelink cookies also allow nelink to track when you have clicked on a nelink Link.
Each click of an nelink Link is tracked using a unique identifier assigned to you in one or more cookies stored by your web browser and associated with nelink.
We may associate the unique identifier in our cookies with the other information we automatically collect when you use the Services, as described above, including your IP address, nelink Links you click, and nelink Links you create.
Most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allowing you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways.
If you disable cookies, you will not be able to use some features of the Services.
We partner with third parties to track utilization and behavior on our websites, display advertising on our websites, and to manage our advertising on other sites.
Our third-party partners may use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags or similar technologies in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests.
If you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising click here or if located in the European Union click here.
This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by nelink only and does not cover the use of cookies by any Third Party Services.
nelink does not control when or how third parties place cookies on your computer, such as when you visit the website from an nelink Link.
You can manage other companies’ cookies used for online advertising by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Consumer Choice Page.
Note Regarding Children We do not knowingly collect personal information from children.
If we learn that we have collected personal information of a child under 13 (or older as required by applicable law), we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible.
How We Use Information We use the personal information we collect for a variety of administrative and business purposes to: 
operate our Site and provide the Services,
process and complete any transactions,
verify individual identity,
 respond to inquiries, questions and comments and provide customer and technical support, 
provide access to certain functionalities of our Services,
 personalize and improve the Services and develop new products and services, 
 to communicate with our current and prospective customers concerning our services, 
measure interest and engagement in our Site and Services,
monitor and analyze usage and trends of the Site and Services,
 provide services to our customers to allow them to understand how you interact with our Services and to help detect, deter and prevent malicious, fraudulent or unlawful activity, 
comply with any legal obligations, and
 enforce our terms and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.

 Usage Across Devices We may use the information we collect to make inferences that a unique individual has created or interacted with nelink links on different devices so that we can to detect, deter and prevent malicious, fraudulent or unlawful activity and analyze how users use our Services.
For example, if you created an nelink link on a computer connected to your residential WiFi network, and you soon thereafter clicked on an nelink link on a mobile device connected to the same WiFi network, we may infer that a single individual created and clicked on the nelink links because both events were associated with the same IP address in the same time period.
Other Legitimate Interests We also may use personal information to pursue legitimate interests, such as direct marketing, research (including marketing research), network and information security, prevention of fraudulent, malicious and unlawful activities, or any other purpose disclosed to you at the time you provide personal information or allowed by law.
Retention We retain the personal information we receive as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.
Changes to This Privacy Policy nelink may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time.
If we make material changes in the way we collect or use information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on the Services or sending you an email, and we will indicate when those changes will become effective.
You are agreeing to be bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when you use the Services after those changes become effective.
Questions? If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy using the Services, please send us a detailed message to: privacy@ne.link.
We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.
This policy is effective as of 1 August 2020.
