


Games
Forums

 PC 
 PS4 
 XB1 
 Switch 
 3DS 
 Vita 


​ 




Guides
FAQs
Cheats
 Games Release List News Fanart Concept Art 
 wikis 
Spotlight Wikis
Pokemon
PES Wiki




 forum 


 Login Forgot your password? Username Password Remember me Sign in with the following networks





















 or	create a new account 
Register
 Sign in with: 










 Neoseeker : Terms of Use neowiki.neo - Terms of Use history edit Terms of Use 
Please read the following terms, conditions, and legal disclaimers before using this site.

By using Neoseeker, a website owned and operated by Neo Era Media, Inc, you are signifying your agreement to the Terms and Conditions as described herein.




On Content, Copyrights and Links[edit]
All original content and images contained within this site are property of Neo Era Media, Inc and may not be reproduced in whole or part without express, written permission from Neo Era Media.

All referenced company names and trademarks are registered trademarks or copyrights of their respective owners.

On Editorial Policy[edit]
Neoseeker is an independent publisher and maintains a strict and impartial position in its Editorial reviews.
Neoseeker does not accept sponsored articles and does not receive compensation from manufacturers and game publishers for reviewing hardware or games.
From time to time, companies may sponsor the site with banner advertising campaigns, but these campaigns have no affect on what is reviewed or how it is reviewed and the business of banner advertising are kept separate from Editors.

Items being reviewed are sometimes provided by the companies, free of charge, under the understanding that the final review is under the editorial control of Neoseeker and its Editors.

Some links on Neoseeker are monetized through affiliate programs, and as a result Neoseeker receives a small portion of revenue if a reader clicks through a link and buys an item.
These affiliate links do not affect the editorial opinion of products: products are rated and reviewed on their stand alone merits.

On User Submitted Content[edit]
Some of the services offered by Neoseeker include community discussion forums and user submitted product reviews, as well as other content which may be submitted by visitors to the site.
These services are provided for the entertainment and convenience of members and visitors to Neoseeker, and Neo Era Media, Inc.

Aside from fan art, FAQs and Walkthroughs, all user submitted reviews, comments, forum postings, tips/cheats, and other content that is posted on the site as part of the site content become the property of Neo Era Media, Inc and is protected by copyright.
Fan art, FAQs and Walkthroughs remain the property of their respective authors (for details on our FAQs/Walkthroughs policy and for information on FAQs click here).
Neoseeker, and its operators and appointed moderators or adjudicators, reserve the right to remove any user contributed materials which are deemed grossly inaccurate, misleading, vulgar, racist, or otherwise inappropriate for a public contribution forum.


 Spam, advertisements, and other submissions which are blatantly posted for reasons other than to participate in the community are absolutely not tolerated.
Unrelated submissions, misleading posts, and posts with vulgar and inflammatory language are not welcome in any area of the community.
Members who consistently contribute materials which are inappropriate and unwanted will be banned or even reported to the appropriate authorities.

If you do not agree with any of these Terms and Conditions, do not use the site.
Neo Era Media, Inc.
reserves the right to modify these Terms and Conditions at any time.


Terms of Use
Privacy Policy


 Contact Us
Advertise
© 2020 Neo Era Media Inc.



















Walkthroughs:

Chicken Police
Assassin's Creed Valhalla
Spider-Man: Miles Morales
The Dark Pictures Anthology: Little Hope
Ghostrunner
Amnesia: Rebirth
Baldur's Gate 3
Genshin Impact
Medieval Dynasty
 (0.1973/d/www3)
      