
         Privacy Policy Who we are

NDIA is a network of neurodiverse staff and students from different institutions around Exhibition Road, London.
Read more about our team here.
Our website address is: www.ndia.co.uk.

NDIA uses the HTTPS protocol to help ensure the secure communication of data from this website to your browser.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Cookies for Visitors

We set three cookies to remember your choices about the font size, spacing, and colour theme of this website.
These are discarded when you close your browser.
We work with Cloudflare to improve our site’s loading time and security.
Cloudflare sets a cookie to allow them to route your requests to the correct datacenter.
This cookie expires after one month.

Cookies for site administrators
If you’re an administrator of this website, we will set the following, additional cookies:

When you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies.
This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices.
Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year.
If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks.
If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser.
This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited.
It expires after 1 day.

Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g.
videos, images, articles, etc.).
Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We collect no analytics data, and we set no cookies for that purpose.
We don’t use Google Analytics or related products.
Who we share your data with
If you request a password reset, your IP address will be included in the reset email.
How long we retain your data
If you’re an administrator on this website, we’ll store the personal information you provide in your user profile.
All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username).
Other website administrators can also see and edit that information.
Email Newsletter
A separate privacy policy applies when you sign up to our email newsletter.
It’s available here (PDF, 95KB).
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us.
You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you.
This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
If you have questions about our privacy policies, please contact us. Published February 26, 2021, updated May 3, 2021 
      