
         Terms &amp.
Conditions General Terms 
1.
Participation at Nevada777 Casino is at your sole option, discretion and risk.2.
You are solely responsible for ascertaining whether it is legal in Your Jurisdiction to participate.3.
Internet Gambling may be illegal in the jurisdiction / country in which You are located or residing.
Nevada777 Casino does not intend to enable You to contravene applicable law.
You are responsible for any gaming activity and You are also responsible for ensuring that You are not contravening any law or legislation prohibiting gaming online.
Before relying on any information contained on the Website you should consult the rules in your jurisdiction.
Nevada777 Casino excludes to the fullest extent lawfully permitted all liability for any use of the Website, whether the service is moderated or not.
You are solely responsible for ascertaining whether it is legal in Your Jurisdiction to participate at Nevada777 Casino.4.
Residents from the following countries are restricted from using the services of this website: The Netherlands Antilles, Curacao, Hong Kong, Israel, France, Cyprus, Estonia, Bulgaria and Spain.
The Casino reserves the right to amend the list of countries from which it will not open accounts, or process bets or financial transactions from time to time at its sole discretion.5.
All applicants must be over 18 years of age to register an account.
In addition to the provisions above, you may only participate if you have attained the legal age of majority within Your Jurisdiction.
We reserve the right to ask for Your proof of age and suspend Your account until satisfactory documentation is provided.6.
We do not warrant the legality of your participation in terms of the laws of Your Jurisdiction.7.
We have the right to request you to furnish us with proof of your identity and age as a condition precedent to us allowing you to participate.
All information supplied upon registration must be accurate and complete in all respects.8.
You may not open and maintain more than one account at any point in time.
All winnings will be void for players with having more than one active account.
Nevada777 Casino allows only one account per computer, household, email address, IP address.9.
We may impose any limits or conditions that we, in our sole discretion, deem fit on any persons who open or attempt to open Accounts at Nevada777 Casino where such Accounts originate from environments where computers are, or the environment is shared.10.
All Player offers are limited to one per person, family, household address, email address, telephone number, debit/credit card and shared computer, e.g.
school, public library or workplace.
All offers are intended for recreational players and we may in our sole discretion limit the eligibility of Players to participate in any promotion.
We reserve the right to withdraw the availability of any offer or all offers to any Player or group of Players.11.
We reserve the right to reclaim all bonuses/free bets awarded and any winnings accrued if Players are found to be tampering with or abusing any aspect of a promotion.
Where there is evidence of a series of bets placed by a Player or group of Players, which due to enhanced payments through promotional offers results in guaranteed Player profits irrespective of the outcome.
We further reserve the right to ask any Player to provide sufficient documentation for us to be satisfied in our absolute discretion as to the Player’s identity prior to us crediting any bonus, free bet or offer to their account.12.
By registering, you are deemed to have accepted and understood all the rules, Terms and Conditions displayed on the Website.
We recommend that all members print out (or save to file) all transaction records, rules of play, cancellation policies, and pay-out policies.13.
If using a credit or debit card, the Cardholder’s name MUST be the same as the name used when registering with the site.
Where this is not the case the account may be suspended.
Where an account is suspended, You should contact customer support for details of our verification process.
Any withdrawals that are made by bank wire will only be payable to the name used when registering with the site and if a debit or credit card has been used to deposit funds the name must correspond to the name registered on the card.14.
Nevada777 Casino is not liable for any downtime, server disruptions, lagging, or any technical or political disturbance to the game play.
We are not liable for any acts or omissions made by Your internet service provider or any third party with whom You have contracted to gain access to the server that hosts the Website.
Software and Services are provided ‘as is’ and Nevada777 Casino makes no warranties or representations, whether express or implied, in relation to the satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose, completeness or accuracy of the Software/Services or infringement of applicable laws and regulations.
The entire risk of as to the use, quality and performance of the Software/Services relies on You.15.
We shall not be liable for computer malfunctions, failure of telecommunications service or Internet connections nor attempts by you to participate in games by methods, means or ways not intended by us.
You are solely responsible for any telecommunications devices and services utilized by you to participate at the Nevada777 Casino.16.
Nevada777 Casino makes no warranty that the Software or Services will meet Your requirements, be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free, that defects will be corrected or that the Software or server that makes it available are free from viruses or bugs or represents that the full functionality, accuracy and reliability of the Software or Services as to results or accuracy of any information obtained by You.
In the event of systems or communications errors relating to the generation of random numbers, bet settlement or other element of the Product, we will not be liable to You as a result of any such errors and we reserve the right to void all bets on the draws in question.17.
Nevada777 Casino shall accept no liability for any damages or losses which are deemed or alleged to have arisen out of or in connection with the Website or the Services.
including without limitation, delays or interruptions in operation or transmission, loss or corruption of data, communication or lines failure, any person’s misuse of the site or its content or any errors or omissions in content.18.
In the event of a discrepancy between the result showing on Your software and the Nevada777 Casino server software, the result showing on the server software shall be the official and governing result.19.
The Customer is solely responsible for keeping their account details (e.g.
login and password) secret, for all actions performed from their Casino account, and for logging out from their Casino account after each gaming session.20.
Nevada777 Casino reserves the right to void any winnings that were obtained as a result of hardware/software error or malfunction.
Players found abusing such errors/malfunctions are subject to having their account closed and any deposits and/or winnings forfeited.
In the event of a Website system malfunction all bets are void.
Nevada777 Casino reserves the right to suspend, modify or remove or add to the Website any games or software at its sole discretion with immediate effect and without notice.
Nevada777 Casino shall not be liable to You for any loss suffered by You resulting from any changes made or for any modification or suspension of or discontinuance of the Software or Services and You shall have no claims against Nevada777 Casino in such regard.21.
It is the sole responsibility of the player to account and report relevant taxes on winnings that might be applicable in their jurisdiction.22.
The website, its directors, officers, employees and shareholders shall not be liable for any acts or omissions of or advertisements published by third party advertisers and marketers.23.
Nevada777 Casino shall, from time to time, offer certain promotions, tournaments and cash- back programs which may have separate terms, conditions and rules.
Any complimentary bonus credited to Your account must be used in adherence with such terms and conditions.
Where wagering requirements for bonus money or free credits are not specifically stipulated in promotional offers then the rules are available on the Nevada777 Casino website.24.
Nevada777 Casino may, without notice to you, amend, alter, delete, interlineate or add to these Rules, Terms and Conditions, the promotion or competition-specific Rules, Terms and Conditions or Rules of Play at any time whatsoever.
These Changes shall become effective, and you shall be bound by these Changes, immediately upon their posting on the Website.
You agree to regularly review these Rules, Terms and Conditions, promotion or competition-specific Rules, Terms and Conditions and the Rules of Play regularly in order to assess whether any changes have been made.25.
We reserves the right to exclude players from taking part in any promotion in its sole discretion.
Promotions are for limited time only and we reserve the right to terminate any Promotion at any time without prior notice.
If unused bonuses remain, that bonus, as well as any winnings generated by such bonuses and loyalty points issued, will lapse after 6 months of date of issue.
This is applied at our absolute discretion notwithstanding having met playthrough requirements for such bonuses.26.
If you do not want any Bonus which has been deposited into your account you are entitled to request that it be reversed out of your account, subject to no Play Through having taken place on Bonus, the initial deposit and/or associated Sign-Up Bonus.
You can do this by contacting Customer support by email or live chat.
If any part of the Bonus has been used, then the Bonus may not be removed from your account (either by means of withdrawal or a request to the support staff) until the Play Through Requirement associated with the Bonus has been met.27.
Before any withdrawals are processed, your play will be reviewed for any irregular playing patterns.
In the interests of fair gaming, equal, zero or low margin bets or hedge betting, shall all be considered irregular gaming.
Other examples of irregular game play include but are not limited to, placing single bets equal to or in excess of 30% or more of the value of the bonus credited to their account, until such time as the wagering requirements for that bonus have been met.
For the purposes of this rule, a bet is defined as one roulette spin or one dealer’s dealt hand in any table game, or one deal in any Video or Power Poker game (this includes Multi-Hand/Play games).
Any double or gamble shall be considered a new bet.
Should it be deemed that irregular game play has occurred.
the Nevada777 Casino reserves the right to withhold any withdrawals and/or confiscate all winnings.28.
Nevada777 Casino reserves the right to decide in its sole discretion which activities constitute “irregular play” and to withhold any withdrawals where irregular play has occurred.29.
In the event that Nevada777 Casino believes you are abusing or attempting to abuse a bonus, free bet or other promotion, displaying irregular betting behavior, or you are likely to benefit through abuse or lack of good faith from a gambling policy adopted by Us, the casino may at its sole discretion, deny, withhold or withdraw from you any bonus or promotion, or rescind any policy either temporarily or permanently, or terminate your access to the Services and/or block your account.
In such circumstances, we shall be under no obligation to refund to you any funds that may be in your accounts other than your original deposit amounts.30.
The maximum bet while a bonus is actively being played through is set to $10.
Failure to follow this condition may result in forfeiting any winnings.31.
We are under no obligation to refund a deposit.
In cases where we do refund a deposit, we reserve the right to charge a refund fee of 5% of the refund amount, with a minimum of €5.
 Payouts 
32.
Nevada777 Casino reserves the right to ask You for verification documents upon registration and / or prior to processing financial transaction.
This includes, but is not limited to:a.
Copy of photographic identification documents, such as a Passport or Drivers Licenseb.
Documents confirming residence such as a bank statement or utility bill no older than 3 monthsc.
Proof of ownership for any payment method used to deposit or withdraw funds (if applicable)33.
It is the Cardholder’s responsibility to retain copies of transaction records and Website policies and rules.
It is also the Cardholder’s responsibility to know the laws concerning online gambling in the country of domicile.34.
Any withdrawals that are made by bank wire will only be payable to the name used when registering with the site and if a debit or credit card has been used to deposit funds the name must correspond to the name registered on the card.
There may be charges incurred for withdrawals.
Funds must be withdrawn with the same method used for depositing, up to the amount of the deposit.
Please note that any withdrawals may experience a slight delay due to our identity verification process.35.
During processing time, which in most cases last 4 days (no withdrawal processing on weekends), the withdrawal will be in a pending status and will be accessible to the player through the cashier and may be reversed.36.
Processing time period will commence once a full verification of the players identity has been done, for which the player will be asked to submit the following documents:a.
Copy of photographic identification documents, such as a Passport or Drivers Licenseb.
Documents confirming residence such as a bank statement or utility bill no older than 3 monthsc.
Proof of ownership for any payment method used to deposit or withdraw funds (if applicable)d.
Credit card confirmation document signed by the player37.
A maximum of $3,000 will be approved per week period.
All balances will be sent the following weeks until the withdrawal is paid fully.
This limit may vary according to the players VIP status and level, or as per mutual agreement with the players VIP agent.
If there are any concerns or queries regarding the collection of winnings, please email us directly.38.
Withdrawals via Bank Transfer may incur a processing fee of up to $40.39.
In some cases withdrawal payouts will be sent back to the processor by which deposits were made.
Although the player may choose a preferred payout method, we reserve the right to make the final decision through which payout method will be used to receive payouts.40.
Only one pending withdrawal is allowed at a time.41.
By accepting these Terms and Conditions You are fully aware that there is a risk of losing money when wagering by means of the Website and You are fully responsible for any such loss.
You agree that Your use of the Website is at Your sole option, discretion and risk.
In relation to Your Losses You shall have no claims whatsoever against the Casino or any white label partner or their respective directors, officers or employees.42.
These Rules, Terms and Conditions may be translated into many different languages.
If there is any discrepancy between the English language version of these Rules, Terms and Conditions and any other language- version of these Rules, Terms and Conditions in the meaning and interpretation of any of the provisions of these Rules, Terms and Conditions, the meaning and interpretation of the provisions under the English language version shall prevail.43.
Any withdrawals will be executed in the EUR equivalent of the currency deposited by the Player.
 Complaints 
44.
Should You wish to make a complaint regarding the Services, as a first step You should, as soon as reasonably practicable, contact complaint center at support@nevada777.com, which will be escalated as necessary within our Customer Services team until resolution.45.
If You remain unhappy with any solution offered by us or we have not provided our response within 6 weeks you can use the Central Dispute System service offered, by clicking on the icon at the footer of the site.
 Contact Information  support@nevada777.com


This Agreement is considered signed and approved
By the company operating and managing the url https://cdk.nevada777.com:4072/Lobby.aspx?SkinId=1 and the player.
Nevada777 (www.nevada777.com).
support@nevada777.com 
      