
         We strive to honor the privacy and security of our users, customers and suppliers, as well as their representatives, in relation to all products, services, applications and websites provided by Newell Brands Inc.
and our affiliates (“Newell Brands”).
This Cookies Policy explains what Cookies are, how we use Cookies, how third-parties we may partner with may use Cookies on our Site, your choices regarding Cookies and further information about Cookies.
 Newell Brands websites and digital media, including apps, mobile apps, social media accounts, internet and wifi-enabled devices, etc.
(“Sites”) may use cookies and similar technologies (such as pixel tags, web beacons, etc.) to allow us and third parties to obtain information about your visits to the Sites, including to analyze your visiting patterns.
We may use this information to process your transactions or requests, and, where applicable, deliver online and mobile advertisements, messages and content from us, as well as third parties, that are specific to your interests.

What Are Cookies? Cookies are small text files stored on your computer or other devices.
They are widely used to make websites work or improve the efficiency of a website.
Cookies help with website functionality and user experience because websites can read and write to these text files, enabling the site to recognize you and remember important information that will make your use of the site more convenient (i.e., by remembering your language or font preference settings).
 Functionality tags/files do not require your consent.
For analytical and other tags/files, however, where applicable and required by law we request your consent before placing them on your device or allow you to opt out of our use of these types of Cookies.
You can give your consent by clicking on the appropriate button on the Cookies banner displayed to you when you visit our Sites or using the preference center in our cookie management tool.
Cookies Use By Our Sites Our Sites may use the following Cookies: 

Essential Cookies. These are Cookies required for the operation of our Sites.
Essential Cookies may enable you to, among other things, log in to secure areas of our Sites, navigate our Sites, add products to your bag, checkout, make use of our e-billing services, etc.


Analytical/Performance Cookies. These Cookies allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors navigate our Sites.
We may use these Cookies to, among other things, measure how our customers are using the site to improve functionality and optimize the shopping experience for you.
This helps us improve the way our Sites work, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.


Functionality/User Preference Cookies: These Cookies are used to recognize you when you return to our Sites.
We may use these to remember the language and currency that you use onsite and to help streamline your shopping experience.
These Cookies enable us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences.


Marketing/Targeting/Social Sharing Cookies. These Cookies record your visits to our Sites, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed.
We will use this information to make our Sites, and the advertising displayed on them, more relevant to your interests.
Where applicable and as allowed by law, we may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use Cookies, over which we have no control.
 How to Manage, Disable or Opt-Out of Cookies Used By Our Sites Internet browsers allow you to change your Cookies settings for various reasons, including to block certain kinds of Cookies or files.
You can therefore block certain Cookies by activating the applicable settings on your browser.
However, if you use your browser settings to block all Cookies, you may not be able to access all or parts of our Sites because some may be functionality or essential Cookies.
For further information about deleting or blocking cookies, please visit: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/.
You may refuse, accept or remove Cookies from our Sites at any time by activating or accessing the Cookie preferences setting on your browser.
For further information about changing your Cookies preferences or disabling Cookies altogether, refer to  http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies for information on commonly used browsers.
Please be aware that if Cookies are disabled or removed, you may not be able to access all or parts of our Sites, or features may not operate as intended.
 To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Further Information You can find more information about cookies and similar tags/files at the following addresses:  - http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
 - http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ (a guide to behavioral advertising and online privacy, produced by the internet advertising industry).

 If you have questions or concerns or require further information, do not hesitate to contact us at Data Privacy Enquiry.

      