

Effective May 23, 2018

The following privacy notice addendum, together with the Endurance International Group Privacy Notice (the “Privacy Policy”), is applicable to you if you purchased domain registration services from The Endurance International Group, Inc.
or its subsidiaries (“we,” “us” or “Endurance”).
Please review the below in addition to the Privacy Notice.Information CollectionWhen you purchase Domain Registration services for top level domains (“TLDs”), as the domain registrar, we are required to collect the following personal information from you (collectively, “Personal Information”):
Registrant Name Registrant Organization (where applicable) Registrant Address Registrant Email Registrant Fax (where applicable) Registrant Phone number Administrative Contact Administrative Contact Organization (where applicable) Administrative Contact Address Administrative Contact Email Administrative Contact Fax (where applicable) Administrative Contact Telephone Number Technical Contact Technical Contact Organization (where applicable) Technical Contact Address Technical Contact Email Technical Contact Fax (where applicable) Technical Contact Telephone Number Billing Contact Billing Contact Organization (where applicable) Billing Contact Address Billing Contact Email Billing Contact Fax (where applicable) Billing Contact Telephone Number
Our collection of Personal Information is necessary to comply with contractual obligations we have with the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (“ICANN”) and with certain TLD registries (“Registries”) so that you can validly register your domain name.
In addition to Personal Information, our contracts with some Registries may require us to collect other personal information for the registration of a TLD such as certain professional affiliations, identification or other qualifiers (“Additional Personal Information”).Disclosure of Information

Public Whois. Our contracts with ICANN and other Registries require us to make certain domain name information (“WHOIS Information”), available and accessible to the public through a WHOIS search as required by ICANN/Registry Policy (the “WHOIS Directory”).
The WHOIS Directory is a publicly accessible database that lists WHOIS Information, including a particular domain name, the name server(s) to which the domain name points, and the domain name’s creation and expiration date.
Except for EU/EEA natural persons (as described below), your Personal Information could be displayed on the WHOIS Directory.

EU/EEA natural persons. Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679, or GDPR, if you are a EU/EEA natural person (as defined by the GDPR), other than as specified in this addendum, our publication of WHOIS Information will not contain any Personal Information.
Accordingly, we will not display Personal Information of a EU/EEA natural person in the WHOIS Directory.

Transfer Out. If you initiate a transfer out of a domain name away from us as the registrar of record, pursuant to our contract with ICANN, we may need to publish your registrant email address obtained from your Personal Information in the WHOIS Directory for a period of approximately five (5) calendar days.
After this period and assuming a valid transfer has occurred, you would cease to be our customer for that domain name and your WHOIS Information would be managed by the gaining registrar.

Certain Registries. Registries are third party providers of TLDs that are independent of domain registrars.
If required by contract with a particular Registry, we may be obligated, as a domain registrar of domains provided by the Registry, to provide Personal Information and Additional Personal Information to such Registry to successfully complete your domain name registration.
If we provide your Personal Information and Additional Personal Information to a Registry, the Registry has its own obligation to comply with applicable data privacy laws.

Data Escrow. Our contract with ICANN requires us to deposit the Personal Information collected with a secure third-party escrow provider who acts solely as a holder of the data.

Permitted Disclosures. We may also disclose your Personal Information when required by the rules, regulations and policies of ICANN, including but not limited to the Uniform Domain-Name Dispute-Resolution Policy (UDRP).


Last modified September 18, 2019

