
         Terms of Service 
 Contents Changes to Policies and Services General usage of websites and services Fair Use Policy Anti-Piracy Policy Accounts and User Identity User-submitted Content Prohibited and Illicit Content Limitation of Liability Refund Policy Email Communications
 Nexus Mods strives to provide its users with services and information that facilitate the discussion and distribution of user-submitted video game modifications ("mods") and other video game related digital media.
To that end, this document establishes various acknowledgements, entitlements, and restrictions in regards to the usage of Nexus Mods websites, content, systems, and software.
Nexus Mods reserves the right to discontinue providing any or all of these services, as well as cease any form of communications, to any user or organisation and for any reason and at any time.
Changes to Policies and Services
 We reserve the right to change this document, as well as our various policies and guidelines, at any time.
By continuing to use the service, you automatically agree to any revisions of these terms.
We encourage you to review these documents periodically at our Help Center.
 Nexus Mods reserves the right to reconfigure its offerings and organisation and may choose to do so at any time.
This includes but is not limited to our services, website designs, membership pricing and offerings, advertising programs and partnerships, as well as staff related and/or administrative restructuring.
General Usage of Websites and Services
 By accessing Nexus Mods services, you hereby represent that you are aged 18 or older, or that you are aged 13 or older and do so with the consent of a parent or legal guardian.
 You will use Nexus Mods services reasonably and as intended.
You may not display, duplicate, dismantle, reverse engineer, circumvent, or repurpose any property or service owned or operated by Nexus Mods without consent.
You will not intentionally harm, disparage, or in any way disrupt the operation of Nexus Mods websites, systems, property, or staff.
You view and use all content at your own risk.
We do not warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any content presented.
User-submitted content expresses the views of the author, not necessarily the views of any staff at Nexus Mods.
 In the interest of upholding our community standards when it comes to etiquette, we ask you to abstain from interacting with user-submitted content that you do not find to your liking, rather than engaging in active disparagement of content you disapprove of.
Fair Use Policy
 Attempting to download files or otherwise record data offered through our services (including but not limited to the Nexus Mods website and the Nexus Mods API) in a fashion that drastically exceeds the expected average, through the use of software automation or otherwise, is prohibited without expressed permission.
Users found in violation of this policy will have their account suspended.
Anti-Piracy Policy
 We have a strict anti-piracy policy and will take proactive action against anyone whose on-site activity gives us reasonable grounds to believe they are using pirated content such as, but not limited to, games and software.
Discussing, promoting or distributing such content on our sites will be met with administrative action.
Accounts and User Identity
 In order to access certain Nexus Mods services, you must create and utilise a singular account (i.e.
one account per person) consisting of a username, email address, and password.
Households or facilities from which multiple users (and therefore accounts) may access the sites and services are encouraged to inform staff to ensure that there are no potential misunderstandings in the case of moderation review.
More information can be found in our Moderation Policy.
Users who create multiple accounts may have any or all of those accounts terminated with other measures being taken to prevent such abuse as appropriate.
 It is your responsibility to ensure the email address attached to your account is up-to-date.
In the event of you losing access to your account, your email address is the only method that can be used to reclaim your account.
 When creating an account on our services, the username you choose must be appropriate for all audiences (i.e.
be free of profanity).
Accounts registered with inappropriate usernames will be subject to an immediate ban.
It is important that you keep your account information secure.
Nexus Mods is not responsible for any unauthorised use of your account.
It is the sole responsibility of the user to keep these records up to date and your failure to do so may lead to you losing access to your account.
 We encourage you not to disclose any personally identifying information on our services.
For more information about how we use information associated with your account, please refer to our Privacy Policy.
 By creating an account, you understand and agree that access to these services may be restricted at our discretion.
These restrictions may be imposed by but are not limited to, membership status such as Supporter or Premium memberships, administration as described in our Moderation Policy, as well as our content/user blocking systems.
 Avatar and signature images shall comply with the site rules.
If you are using links in your signature or on your profile page, please make sure that content featured on the linked website or webpage conforms to our requirements.
Ensure that any animated images you would like to use as your avatar do not contain excessively involved animations that can be construed as overly distracting.
We reserve the right to remove animated avatars at our sole discretion.
 Users are able to permanently delete their account using the feature found on the ‘Security’ section of your account settings.
More information on the deletion process, deleted data, and best practices can be found in our Account Deletion Guidelines.
User-submitted Content
 User-submitted content includes all data submitted to our services by a Nexus Mods user.
Nexus Mods does not claim any ownership of your content.
By submitting content to our services, you are granting an infinite, non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license for Nexus Mods to store, distribute, copy or reproduce, edit, translate, reformat, publicly display, or perform the submitted content, at our discretion.
 All user-submitted content is provided for personal use.
You are not entitled to redistribute, repackage, sell, or otherwise distribute content without express permission from the associated content owner(s), and/or other invested parties, when applicable.
For more information, refer to any applicable documentation included or associated with the file.
 By submitting content to our services, you understand that your Nexus Mods account and associated content will be held to the standards which are described by our various Policies and Guidelines and may be subject to review which can result in administrative actions as described in our Moderation Policy.
Additionally, you understand that we reserve the right to remove any content with or without reason at our discretion.
 Given the volume of user-submitted content on our services, we rely on community reports and reactive moderation when it comes to upholding our various rules and guidelines.
The mere existence of a file violating our rules on our services does not imply our approval of, or indifference to said file.
As such, user-submitted content which is found to be in violation of our standards is not excusable based on the existence of other, similar submissions.
Prohibited and Illicit Content
 Content deemed illegal by UK law, including but not limited to pornographic depictions of sexual violence, indecent depictions of minors, bestiality, necrophilia, etc., is strictly prohibited and will result in administrative action and when appropriate, notification to the proper authorities.
Limitation of Liability
 Nexus Mods is not liable for any damages incurred through the use of its services, including that which may be associated with the user-submitted content.
You agree that any use of user-submitted content or modifications made to your property is done at your own risk.
 By submitting content to our services, you accept full responsibility for and absolve Nexus Mods of any liabilities associated with your submitted content, including any potential damages it may incur to anyone's property or well-being, directly or indirectly.
 Nexus Mods is not responsible for any charges or fees incurred by any third-party service provider(s) that may result from the use of our services.
 All Nexus Mods services are provided as-is.
Though we attempt to ensure that our services are consistent and functional, we do not guarantee service for any length of time or any measure of quality.
Refund Policy
 We offer a full refund on any purchases provided that you have not downloaded more than 15 files from the date and time your payment was made, and provided you make the request for a refund within 15 days of the date and time your payment was made.
If you'd like a refund please contact us via our contact form.
Email Communications
 By creating a Nexus Mods account, you acknowledge that we may send email to the address associated with your account with important information regarding your account, as well as our services and policies.
 If you wish to reach us by email, you may do so by emailing us ( support@nexusmods.com).
While we appreciate suggestions, comments, and feedback provided by our users, they do not imply any obligation on the part of Nexus Mods.
