
         TOS Renters have relatively unrestricted control of their servers and webspace, but there are limits to what we can allow on our end to maintain fairness to all and keep prices low.
Those Terms of Service are listed below.
This list is subject to change, so renters should check it frequently.
Any violation of the Terms of Service will generate a warning and mandatory removal of the offending material (by either Nuclearfallout employees or voluntarily by the renter) on the first offense, a temporary disabling of the server on the second offense, and a cancellation of service on the third offense.
For violations that cause significant damage to Nuclearfallout, the renter may have his or her server disabled on the first offense.
For items to which those actions do not apply, such as server cancellations, the response will be detailed below.

It is possible to have some of these rules waived by requesting (and being granted) permission from a respondent at the support@nfoservers.com email address.
If you are requesting an exception, make sure to include a good reason for why you feel you should be treated differently.

It is the responsibility of the person signing up (and checking the box that he or she read this document) to have the payer of the server read and agree to this document, if a different person will be paying.
He or she must also ensure that any secondary users granted access to the service have read and agreed to these terms.
General restrictions on servers and services.
 This section applies to all services (sometimes called "servers" in this document) offered by Nuclearfallout (also referred to as "NFO", "NFOservers", or "NFOservers.com") with the exception of dedicated servers and virtual dedicated servers (which are broken out separately, below).
In each case, the singular term "server" applies to one identifier and type of server at once (the type depending on the context), but never multiple types (for example a game server and the webserver) at the same time.
A server may not: 
+ Run a "sub-service" from the server that allows connections to a different IP address on the machine or to a different port on the server's IP address, or which piggybacks on a provided server port to provide "back door" abilities to control the server that are not already included with the server as provided by Nuclearfallout  + Read or alter any files outside the renter's server directory (the contents of which are represented either in the FTP site of the server or, if that is not provided, in the server's control panel), with the exception of those files needed by the base server itself as provided by Nuclearfallout  + Create and store backups or copies of server files for any NFO service on NFO servers. + Initiate connections to external IP addresses (outside of the server machine), to include pinging another address or connecting to an external database or client, other than according to the functionality included in the base server, without prior permission from a respondent at the support@nfoservers.com email address  + Attempt to escalate user rights beyond those given to the server when it was initially set up by Nuclearfallout  + Attempt to raise the maximum number of concurrent connections allowed for the server without prior permission from a respondent at the support@nfoservers.com email address  + Advertise for a competitor of Nuclearfallout or denigrate Nuclearfallout services  + Do anything that would violate the INAP Acceptable Use Policy (AUP) or cause NFOservers to violate the INAP AUP.
As of this writing, the INAP AUP is located at https://www.inap.com/legal/terms-of-use/#acc-use-policy, but its location may change from time to time.
If the INAP AUP cannot be located or there is a question about what it covers, the customer must contact NFO for clarification. + Run a tool that uses resources to perform cryptographic operations for the purpose of storing value (such as with Bitcoin) + Cause NFO to violate a contractual obligation, such as the EULA associated with a game server
Game servers.

 Additionally, game servers may not: 
+ Run any sort of bot or artificial player, with these exceptions: bots based on Olo's Fakefull code that sit as spectators and do not interact with players on the server.
up to four standard bots at a time in games that natively provide them as options, such as CS:Source, Condition Zero, Team Fortress 2, and CS:GO.
and computer-run opponents in games such as Left4Dead, Left4Dead2, ArmA2, and Team Fortress 2 in "Mann v.
Machine" mode that are required for basic play. + Run a "ping booster", "ping accelerator" or other such utility which enables the multimedia timer on the server machine, as these can cause significantly increased latencies and load times for all servers on the machine and disrupt additional services such as stats  + Run a plugin or other modification that performs local-storage-based backup or snapshotting + Use more than 20 gigabytes of hard drive space total
Webhosting.

 Additionally, webhosting accounts (also known as "webspaces" or "websites") are limited in the following ways.
These limitations are in place to restrict the ability for compromised websites to be exploited and for the webhosting to be used for tasks other than webhosting.
clients can request exceptions from NFO through support@nfoservers.com if they feel that they will exceed them through normal operation.
Clients may not:
+ Run any process on the server whose execution lasts 60 seconds or longer, apart from FastCGI, Ruby on Rails, and PHP-based scripts run through Apache, and included shells, file transfer utilities, and text editors run from the command line + Run any process that uses more than 2 full minutes of "CPU time", regardless of how long it runs in "real time" + Run more than 100 processes at once, per account + Use more than a gigabyte of resident memory at a time, per account + Directly stream media (audio or video) + Run any sort of "peer-to-peer" or other file sharing application + Be logged in via SSH or FTP more than 10 times at once, per account + Display or distribute pornographic, excessively violent, or illegal materials  + "Mirror" or host files on behalf of another website + Use the webspace to hold content that is not meant to be commonly served to the public through a web browser + Use the webhosting to facilitate duplicating any service that Nuclearfallout provides in another capacity + Run an auto-refreshing script such as a "shoutbox" that causes page refreshes more frequently than once every 30 seconds + Have open more than 20 remote (non-local) connections to the MySQL server per remote IP address + Use NFO-hosted email servers to send bulk or automated emails 
 To limit the use of the webspace for illegal activities and for mirroring files, and because our hosting is not optimized for the storage or transfer of large files, those files over 200MB in size are subject to a throttle of 50 k/s per connection when downloaded through HTTP.
FTP upload and download connections are similarly throttled at 100 k/s.

Virtual dedicated servers and dedicated machines.

 Clients of Virtual Dedicated Servers (also known as "VDS", "VPS", "virtual machines", and "virtual servers") and dedicated machines (also known as "dedicated servers" and "machines") may not:
 + Send any spam (also known as "unsolicited bulk email").
We have a zero-tolerance policy towards spam and immediately shut down any account used to send spam. + Initiate connections to external IP addresses (outside of the server machine) without the permission of the owner of the external IP, to include pinging another address or connecting to an external database or webserver. + Run the "Camfrog" server software, similar software to "Camfrog", or any related services. + Run a tunnel or proxy to a server at another host + Host, store, proxy, or use a Denial of Service (DoS/DDoS) tool in any capacity, including a tool referring to itself as a "network testing" utility + Do anything that would violate the INAP Acceptable Use Policy (AUP) or cause NFOservers to violate the INAP AUP.
As of this writing, the INAP AUP is located at https://www.inap.com/legal/terms-of-use/#acc-use-policy, but its location may change from time to time.
If the INAP AUP cannot be located or there is a question about what it covers, the customer must contact NFO for clarification. + On a managed game-server-only machine, run game servers that are not meant to be played in directly (such as "redirect" servers). + Run a tool that uses resources to perform cryptographic operations for the purpose of storing value (such as with Bitcoin) + In the case of a VDS, heavily use the disk (a shared resource) to the point that other customers are significantly affected (as NFO determines it).

 In order to prevent abuse, all VDS accounts are prevented from contacting external hosts on port 25 (SMTP) for the first two weeks of the rental period.

 Nuclearfallout does not keep data backups for VDSes and dedicated servers, and NFO can't provide compensation in the case of lost data.
There is always a possibility for data loss, even with the RAID configurations used with all NFO VDSes, so it is necessary for the customer to make his or her own backups of important files.

Other items.
+ We reserve the right to cancel service at any time, for any reason, and give the renter a prorated refund according to how much time is left in the rental period.
However, refunds will not be granted when the renter cancels early (as outlined below).
+ The policies listed in this document are governed by the laws of the State of California and any claims, legal proceeding, or litigation arising in connection with them will be brought solely in Orange County, California.
You consent to the jurisdiction of such courts.
Cancellations.

Service cancellations must be made as outlined below.
If a service is not cancelled in the applicable manner, a customer's funding source may be automatically charged for continuation of the service.

For a newer-style direct subscription:

Log in to the NFO control panel, click "My account", and then click "Payments".
Under the "Packages" section, click "Cancel" for the active package that needs to be cancelled, then "Submit".
Always confirm that the subscription is in a "Stopped" state following the submission, before closing the page.


For an older-style Paypal subscription:

 1.
E-mail support@nfoservers.com to inform NFO of the cancellation and the reason for cancellation.

 2.
Cancel in Paypal by finding the active subscription, then clicking on its "Details" and choosing "Cancel" at the bottom of the resulting page.
If this method does not work, an alternate cancellation method in the Paypal help system.


Both steps are required.

 If step #2 is missed, Paypal may charge for another month of server rental.
If step #1, is missed, the service may be shut down prematurely by the system, depending on the payment status.




Refund policy
NFO will provide a full refund of a payment only when these circumstances are met: 

The payment is triggered automatically by NFO's payment system (it is not triggered by a user action) 
The subscription that made the payment was started more than two weeks before the payment occurred 
No coffer funds were involved with the payment 
The customer cancels the subscription that triggered the payment within 24 hours, using the tool on the Payments page of the NFO control panel (as described under 'Cancellations') 
The customer, within 24 hours, also contacts NFO through an email to support@nfoservers.com or via the "Help!" page in the control panel 

In all other cases, NFO does not offer refunds unless NFO cancels a service forcibly (against a renter's wishes).
For these NFO-triggered forced-shutdown cases, a prorated refund will be provided to cover the remaining prepaid days.
It is important to note that NFO offers a free trial for new customers of many services.
customers are notified whether a specific order qualifies for the trial on the order confirmation/review page.
Since no payment is made before the free trial, it is truly free -- a renter may cancel during the free trial without penalty and without needing to pay anything.
NFOservers also offers a 100% SLA and performance guarantee, which provide credits when certain service-affecting conditions are met and the customer notifies NFO.
Such credits are issued to the linked NFO account ("coffer"), and not as refunds. Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Performance guarantee | SLA | Contact us 
 Want to see messages from us? Follow us on Facebook or Twitter!
 Copyright © 2021 NFOservers (NuclearFallout Enterprises, Inc.) All rights reserved.

      