
         Night Owl Security Products Privacy Policy Introduction

Night Owl SP, LLC  ("Company" or "we") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes:

The types of information we may collect or that you may provide when you download, install, register with, access, or use any of the Night Owl Security Products software applications.
Our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.

This policy applies only to information we collect through one or more of our designated websites that are accessed solely by an Application in connection with your access to and use of an Application and, in email, text, and other electronic communications sent through or in connection with an Application.
Please note that additional or different privacy terms may be applicable to a particular Application.
Any such additional or different privacy terms that apply to a particular Application(s), but not to all Applications, are specified in this Software Application Privacy Policy.
This policy DOES NOT apply to information that:

We collect offline or on any other Company websites or applications (other than the Applications specified above), including but not limited to our Company’s primary website, www.nightowlsp.com.
You provide to, or is collected by, any third party.

Our other websites and applications, and these third parties may have their own privacy policies, which we encourage you to read before providing information on or through them.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it.
If you do not agree with our policies and practices, do not, install, download, register with, or use an Application.
By installing, downloading, registering with, or using an Application, you agree to this privacy policy.
This policy may change from time to time (see the “Changes to our Privacy Policy” section below).
Your continued use of this Application after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Children Under the Age of 18
The Application is not intended for children under 18 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18.
If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 18 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information.
If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us by mail at the following address: Night Owl Security Products, Night Owl Legal Dept.
4720 Radio Rd, Naples, FL 34104
Information We Collect and How We Collect It
We may collect information from and about users of an Application:

Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically when you use the Application.

Information You Provide to Us
When you install, download, register with, or use an Application, we may ask you to provide information by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, email address, telephone number, or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline ("personal information").
This information includes:

Information that you provide by filling in forms in the Application.
This includes information provided at the time of downloading or installing an Application, registering to use the Application, or subscribing to any of our services, as applicable.
We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with the Application.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses and phone numbers), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Details of activities or queries you carry out through the Application.

Automatic Information Collection and Tracking
The Application is hosted in the cloud by Amazon Web Services.
When you install, download, access, or use an Application, Amazon Web Services may use technology to automatically collect, and we may have access to:



Usage Details. When you access and use the Application, Amazon Web Services may automatically collect and enable us to access certain details of your access to and use of the Application, including traffic data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on or through the Application.

Device Information. Amazon Web Services may collect and enable us to access information about your device and internet connection, including the device's unique device identifier, IP address, operating system, browser type, mobile network information, and the device's telephone number.

Stored Information and Files. The Application also may access metadata and other information associated with other files stored on your device.
This may include, for example, photographs, audio and video clips, personal contacts, and address book information.


If you do not want us to collect this information do not download the Application or delete it from your device.
For more information, see the “How We Use and Disclose Your Information” section of this privacy policy.
Cookies
Our Application may use cookies to automatically collect information.
A cookie is a small file placed on your device.
It may be possible to refuse to accept cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your device.
However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of an Application.
Third-Party Information Collection
When you use the Application or its content, certain third parties may use automatic information collection technologies to collect information about you or your device.
These third parties may include, among others:

Your mobile device manufacturer.
Your mobile service provider.
Your internet service provider.
Amazon Web Services, our cloud services provider for the Application.

These third parties may use tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use this Application.
The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites, applications, and other online services websites.
They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising.
However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way.
You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") on the NAI's website.
We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used.
If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
How We Use Your Information
We may use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information, to:

Provide you with the Application and its contents, and any other information, products or services that you request from us.
Verify your initial activation of the Application.
Assist you with resetting your access password if necessary.
Provide notifications to you of activity recorded on security cameras connected to the Application.
Enable you to access one or more features of an Application.
Give you notices about your account.
Carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
Notify you when Application updates are available, and of changes to any products or services we offer or provide though it.
Fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.

The usage information we collect also helps us to improve the Application and to deliver a better and more personalized experience by enabling us to:

Analyze usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, which gives us the option to customize our Application according to your individual interests.
Speed up your access to certain features and functions of an Application.
Recognize you when you use the Application for security and user authentication purposes.

We may also use your information to contact you about goods and services that we may offer that may be of interest to you.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual or device, without restriction.
In addition, we may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide:

To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of the Company's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by the Company about our Application users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For example, if you give us an email address to use as part of an Application for the purposes of notifying the email recipient of a certain fact or condition, we will transmit the contents of that email, which may include your email address, to the recipient.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including any Software Application End-User License Agreement, and for billing and collection.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of our Company, our customers or others.
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.

Accessing and Correcting Your Personal Information
You can review and change your personal information by logging into the Application and visiting your account profile page.
You may also send us an email at TechTeam@nightowlsp.com to request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that you have provided to us.
We cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account.
We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users of our Application that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
To make such a request, please send an email to TechTeam@nightowlsp.com.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure.
All information you provide in connection with your use of the Applications is stored on secure servers maintained by Amazon Web Services.
Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Application, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet and mobile platforms is not completely secure.
Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted through our Application.
Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk.
We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures we provide.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may update our privacy policy from time to time.
If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will post the new privacy policy on this page and notify you of material changes through an in-Application alert the first time you use the Application after we make the change.
The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of this privacy policy.
You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address and phone number for you and for periodically visiting this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, please mail your questions or comments to:
Night Owl Security Products
Legal Deptartment.
621 NW 53rd St., Ste.
310
Boca Raton, Florida 33487
What we collect
We may collect the following information:

name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers

For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:

Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes.
We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.

Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure.
In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive.
Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site.
Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual.
The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used.
This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs.
We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not.
A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest.
However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website.
Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:

whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by letting us know using our Contact Us information

We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998.
A small fee will be payable.
If you would like a copy of the information held on you please email a request using our Contact Us information.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address.
We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store. Cookie NameCookie Description FORM_KEY
Stores randomly generated key used to prevent forged requests.
PHPSESSID
Your session ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to view and edit their orders.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history, if you have asked for this.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
MAGE-CACHE-SESSID
Facilitates caching of content on the browser to make pages load faster.
MAGE-CACHE-STORAGE
Facilitates caching of content on the browser to make pages load faster.
MAGE-CACHE-STORAGE-SECTION-INVALIDATION
Facilitates caching of content on the browser to make pages load faster.
MAGE-CACHE-TIMEOUT
Facilitates caching of content on the browser to make pages load faster.
SECTION-DATA-IDS
Facilitates caching of content on the browser to make pages load faster.
PRIVATE_CONTENT_VERSION
Facilitates caching of content on the browser to make pages load faster.
X-MAGENTO-VARY
Facilitates caching of content on the server to make pages load faster.
MAGE-TRANSLATION-FILE-VERSION
Facilitates translation of content to other languages.
MAGE-TRANSLATION-STORAGE
Facilitates translation of content to other languages.

      