
By accessing the website at https://nilly.io operated by Lyo GmbH, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws.
If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site.
The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
Use License

Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Lyo GmbH's website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only.
This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not: 
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Lyo GmbH's website;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials.
or
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.


This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Lyo GmbH at any time.
Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.

Subscriptions
Some parts of the Service are billed on a subscription basis (“Subscription(s)”).
You will be billed in advance on a recurring and periodic basis (“Billing Cycle”).
Billing cycles are set either on a monthly or annual basis, depending on the type of subscription plan you select when purchasing a Subscription.
At the end of each Billing Cycle, your Subscription will automatically renew under the exact same conditions unless you cancel it or Lyo GmbH cancels it.
You may cancel your Subscription renewal either through your online account management page or by contacting Lyo GmbH customer support team.
A valid payment method (including credit card) is required to process the payment for your subscription.
You shall provide Lyo GmbH with accurate and complete billing information including full name, address, state, zip code, telephone number, and a valid payment method information.
By submitting such payment information, you automatically authorize Lyo GmbH to charge all Subscription fees incurred through your account to any such payment instruments.
Should automatic billing fail to occur for any reason, Lyo GmbH will issue an electronic invoice indicating that you must proceed manually, within a certain deadline date, with the full payment corresponding to the billing period as indicated on the invoice.
Fee Changes
Lyo GmbH, in its sole discretion and at any time, may modify the Subscription fees for the Subscriptions.
Any Subscription fee change will become effective at the end of the then-current Billing Cycle.
Lyo GmbH will provide you with a reasonable prior notice of any change in Subscription fees to give you an opportunity to terminate your Subscription before such change becomes effective.
Your continued use of the Service after the Subscription fee change comes into effect constitutes your agreement to pay the modified Subscription fee amount.
Refunds
Except when required by law, paid Subscription fees are non-refundable.
Accounts
When you create an account with us, you must provide us information that is accurate, complete, and current at all times.
Failure to do so constitutes a breach of the Terms, which may result in immediate termination of your account on our Service.
You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the Service and for any activities or actions under your password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service.
You agree not to disclose your password to any third party.
You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
You may not use as a username the name of another person or entity or that is not lawfully available for use, a name or trade mark that is subject to any rights of another person or entity other than you without appropriate authorization, or a name that is otherwise offensive, vulgar or obscene.
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Lyo GmbH and its licensors.
The Service is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the Swiss and foreign countries.
Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of Lyo GmbH.
Disclaimer

The materials on Lyo GmbH's website are provided on an 'as is' basis.
Lyo GmbH makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
Further, Lyo GmbH does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.

Limitations
In no event shall Lyo GmbH or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Lyo GmbH's website, even if Lyo GmbH or a Lyo GmbH authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage.
Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
Accuracy of materials
The materials appearing on Lyo GmbH's website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors.
Lyo GmbH does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current.
Lyo GmbH may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice.
However Lyo GmbH does not make any commitment to update the materials.
Links
Lyo GmbH has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site.
The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Lyo GmbH of the site.
Use of any such linked website is at the user's own risk.
Modifications
Lyo GmbH may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice.
By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.
Governing Law
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Switzerland and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location. Questions?
Let us know
