
As a privacy-first focused service and company, we do not use cookies and we do not collect any personal data of our visitors.
If you would like to use our service and therefore create an account, we only ask for information that is necessary in order to offer you our service.
If further necessary, we share information only with third-parties listed below:


Stripe: for secure payment processing.
We do not collect or store any payment details (eg.
like your card details)

Mailerlite: for sending newsletters and important information.
We don't spam and send newsletter rarely.
You can always unsubscribe without affecting our service.

Lyo GmbH ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://nilly.io website (hereinafter referred to as the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service.
By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://nilly.io Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you. Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data").
Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

E-Mail Address
First and Last Name
Phone Number
Address, State, ZIP/Postal code, City
 Usage Data
We do not collect information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g.
IP address), browser version, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
All data collected is aggregate data without personal information. Tracking &amp.
Cookies Data
We do not use cookies. Use of data
Lyo GmbH uses the collected data for various purposes:

To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues

We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you.
You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications by simply clicking the unsubscribe link at any time. Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Lyo GmbH legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.

Lyo GmbH may process your Personal Data because:

We need to perform a contract with you
You have given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it is not overridden by your rights
For payment processing purposes
To comply with the law
 Retention of Data
Lyo GmbH will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

Lyo GmbH will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes.
Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer periods. Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside Switzerland and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Switzerland and process it there.

Lyo GmbH will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information. Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, Lyo GmbH may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g.
a court or a government agency).
 Legal Requirements Lyo GmbH may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Lyo GmbH
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
 Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Your Data Protection Rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights.
Lyo GmbH aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed about what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:

The right to access, update or delete the information we have on you.
Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section.
If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification.
You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object.
You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction.
You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability.
You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent.
You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Lyo GmbH.
relied on your consent to process your personal information.

Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.

You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data.
For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
 Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us.
If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site.
We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
 We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services. Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
 We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18.
If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us.
If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time.
We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
 We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
 You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
 Questions?
Let us know
