

 Cookies &amp.
Interest-Based Ads  How We Use Cookies Cookies are small files that are typically downloaded to the browser application on your device.
They help us ensure the safety and smooth functioning of our websites and services and help us collect information about your preferences.
We use information collected from cookies to improve your user experience and the quality of our services.
For example, by saving your preferences, we may be able to customize our services in ways that you prefer.
We also permit third-party service providers to set cookies and use web beacons, software development kits, and similar technologies on our websites and services to help us perform various functions necessary to operate our business.
We use this information to analyze your use of our websites and services and to display interest-based advertising to you within our sites and services, or elsewhere on the internet.
The third-party service providers with whom we work include, but are not limited to, those partners listed on the page found here.
 Cookie Preferences &amp.
Opt-Out Instructions If you would like to opt-out of allowing these third-party service providers to collect and use certain information about you and your use of our websites and services, as described above, you can do so by clicking the following link to manage your Cookie Preferences.
Please note that you can only disable cookies used for performance and interest-based advertising purposes.
cookies that are strictly necessary for the proper functioning of our websites and services cannot be disabled.
Please note that these preferences may not apply across all of our digital properties.
Please follow the instructions below to ensure that your cookie preferences are set accordingly for these other digital properties.
For our Animal Crossing, Nintendo New York store, and Zelda websites, you must adjust your cookie preferences individually, on each of these sites, by scrolling to the bottom of the page and selecting ‘Cookie Preferences.’ From there, you can adjust your cookie preferences for that website.
To opt-out of the Google Analytics cookies we use on our My Nintendo website, please follow the opt-out instructions found here.
Further, to opt-out of Google Analytics cookies that are used on the Nintendo Switch, please refer to the opt-out instructions that are located on the system.
Finally, if you would like to opt-out from the collection and use of cookies and other data in our mobile apps, please follow the opt-out instructions in each mobile app’s settings.
 Interest-Based Advertising Interest-based ads, sometimes also referred to as targeted or personalized ads, are advertisements about goods and services, that may be more useful and relevant to you, based on information gathered about your activities across non-affiliated websites.
In providing interest-based ads, we follow the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising developed by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA).
To learn more, please visit https://youradchoices.com/.
Many of our third-party service providers that serve interest-based advertisements to you across our services are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or they follow the DAA’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising.
You can choose to opt-out directly from these third-parties by visiting the opt-out pages on the NAI website (http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/) and DAA website (http://www.aboutads.info/choices/).
However, please note that if you “opt-out” you will still see online ads, but they will not be personalized.





 About Nintendo 
Company Info
Careers
CSR Report
Sitemap


 Where To Buy 
Game Store
Online Retailers
Nintendo NY
Nintendo Store


 Support 
Health &amp.
Safety Precautions
Updated Warranty
Nintendo Switch Support
Wii U Support
Nintendo 3DS Support
Repair Help
Nintendo Product Recycling


 Parents 
Info for Parents 
Parental Controls
Online Safety Principles


 Legal 
Documents and Policies
Terms of Use


 Privacy 
Privacy Policy
Cookies and Interest-Based ads


 Change Region 


 Contact Us 
 Website Feedback 












© 2020 Nintendo.
Games are property of their respective owners.
Nintendo of America Inc.
Headquarters are in Redmond, Washington

