

 Nintendo Privacy Policy Last Updated: 08/2020  What's changed?

At Nintendo, we know your privacy is very important to you, so please take the time to carefully read our privacy policy.
Our policy is designed to help you understand the types of information that we collect, how we use and share the information and how the information is protected.
This privacy policy applies to all Nintendo services that directly reference or link to this policy, but does not apply to Nintendo services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this policy.

 Categories of information we collect 


Information that you give to us

When you register for and use our services we collect the information that you give to us.
This may include information like your name, email address, phone number, date of birth, country of residence, language, gender, and time zone.



Information about your device

When you use our services we may collect specific information about your device, and across your devices, such as the product model, serial number, operating system, device settings, device performance, device and advertising identifiers, Internet service provider, IP address and other unique personal or online identifiers.
If you or your device experiences an error, we collect information about the error, the time the error occurred, the application or features being used, the state of the application when the error occurred, and any communications or content provided at the time the error occurred.



Information about your use of our services

We collect information about your use of and interaction with our services.
This could include information about your gameplay, your online status, your service use history, your connections and interactions with other users, the content you share, the date and time of your visit, information about the links you click, pages you view, and advertising you interact with within our services, inferences used to create a profile about preferences and characteristics, standard server log information, and other information about how you use our services.



Your content

Our services may allow you to create, upload or share content such as text, images, audio, video, your nickname and user icon, or other content that you create or is licensed to you.
When you use any of our services that include these or other similar capabilities we may collect your content in accordance with our user agreements or terms of use and this policy.



Your purchases

Some of our services allow you to make purchases.
If you use any of our services to make a purchase, we may collect information about the purchase.
This could include payment information, such as your credit card number, account authentication information, and contact information like your billing and shipping address.



Location information

With your consent, we may collect and process information about your precise location.
When we have your location information, we use it to tailor our services for you and others, like helping you establish friend relationships with other Nintendo users.



Information from other sources

We may also receive information about you from other sources, including from users of our services, entities that sell information, and third-party services and organizations.
For example, if you access any social media or similar services through our services to login or to share information about your experience on our services with others, we may collect information from these third-party services.



Aggregated and deidentified information

We may aggregate or de-identify the information described above.
Aggregated or de-identified information is not subject to this policy.



 How we use your information We use the information that you give us and the information we collect to deliver, maintain and improve our services, including for the performance of troubleshooting, data analytics, testing, research, statistical analysis and surveys.
We also use this information to provide you with services that you request, develop new services, suggest personally relevant features, offer you customized content, allow you to participate in interactive features of our services, manage accounts, provide you with tailored advertising, send you promotional materials from us or our affiliates and trusted business partners, keep our services, business and users safe and secure, comply with applicable laws and regulations, and to protect or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
Whenever you contact us, we use the information that you provide to us to help resolve issues you might be having when you use our services.
We also use information, such as your email address or phone number, to respond to you when you contact us, to let you know about changes to our policies and terms, to let you know about changes or improvements to our services and to inform you about other services that we offer.
We may use cookies, or other similar technologies, on some of the features of our services.
Cookies are small files that are typically downloaded to the browser application on your device.
We also may permit our third-party service providers to set cookies and use web beacons, Software Development Kits, and similar technologies within our services to perform various analytics functions and to provide you with more relevant or interest-based advertisements.
To learn more about how we, or our third-party service providers, may use these cookies, and to manage your preferences as they relate to the collection and use of cookies across our website and services, go here.
We do not, and will not sell your personal information to third parties.
However, we do permit third-party service providers to collect personal information, as described here, through some of our services and we share personal information with third party service providers for business purposes as described in this policy, including but not limited to providing advertising on our services and elsewhere based on users’ online activities over time and across different sites, services, and devices.

 How your information is shared 


Authorized third-party service providers

We may share some or all of the categories of your personal information, as identified above, with third-party service providers that provide services to us for a variety of business purposes, such as payment processing, customer service, email deployment, advertising and marketing (including counting ad impressions, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, ensuring compliance with industry standards and specifications, ad delivery, reporting, personalization, audience segmentation, and analytics), security and performance monitoring, maintaining or servicing accounts, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, information hosting, auditing, and information processing.



Corporate affiliates

We sometimes share your information within our family of Nintendo companies.



Legal purposes

We may share your information to comply with legal process, respond to claims or inquiries, enforce our terms, or protect and defend the rights, property or personal safety of our operations, our users, or the public.



Business transfers

We may share your information as part of a substantial corporate transaction, such as a sale or transfer of company assets, a merger, consolidation, or as otherwise legally permitted.



Other users and the public

Some of our services allow you to share information and content with others or engage in public activities.
When you decide to use these services, the information or content that you share, your nickname, your user icon, your online status, your country of residence, and your gameplay information may be visible to Nintendo and its trusted business partners, other Nintendo users, and in some cases the public.
Please keep in mind, when you use these services, that the information and content that you choose to share can be read, collected, or used by others.
You are fully responsible for the information and content that you choose to share in these instances.



When you access third-party services

If you access third-party services -- such as third-party online gaming services and social media services -- through our services, these third-party services may be able to collect information about you, including information about your activity on our services, and they may notify your connections on the third-party services about your use of our services, in accordance with their own privacy policies.



With your consent

We may share information for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect the information or pursuant to your consent.



 Your controls, choices and rights We may offer you certain controls and choices regarding the information we collect, how the information is used, and how it is shared.
These controls and choices may include the ability to update, correct or delete information that you have provided to us or information that we have collected through your use of our services.
They may also include the ability to opt-out of receiving notifications, promotions, offers or other advertising from us.
Depending on your place of residence, you may have the right, in accordance with applicable law, to request access to, deletion, and portability of your information.
For information on how to submit such a request go here.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights and choices, although some of the functionality and features available on our services may change or no longer be available to you.

 Information retention and information security Personal information will be retained only for so long as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, in accordance with applicable laws.
We have implemented administrative, physical and technical security measures that are designed to protect your information from loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
You should understand though that, despite our efforts, no security can be guaranteed as impenetrable.
Please note that information collected by third parties may not have the same security protections as information you submit to us, and we are not responsible for protecting the security of such information.

 Information about children We do not knowingly collect, use or share personal information from children under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent or as permitted by law.
Where a parent or legal guardian has provided consent, the child may be able to use his or her Nintendo Account to play certain third-party games and applications that are not published by Nintendo.
Parents or guardians may review, modify, or delete the child’s personal information, or withdraw consent, by contacting us using the contact information provided at the end of this privacy policy, and may manage which third-party games and applications can access and use the child’s Nintendo Account information through your Nintendo Account profile settings.

 Changes Nintendo may update this privacy policy from time to time.
When we update it, we will revise the "Last Updated" date above.
If we make material changes in the way we collect, use, retain or share your personal information, we will notify you by sending you an email at the last email address that you provided us, or by posting notice of the changes on the services covered by this privacy policy.

 ESRB Certification This privacy policy and the certification seal located on our websites that link to this policy confirms that we are a valid licensee, and participating member, of the Entertainment Software Rating Board's Privacy Certified Program.
To help protect your privacy, we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative.
As a licensee in this privacy certification program, we are subject to frequent audits of our websites and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by the ESRB.
All of our sites containing the ESRB certification seal have been reviewed, and certified, by ESRB to meet established online information collection and use practices.

 Contact information If you have any questions, concerns or comments regarding this privacy policy, or any of our privacy practices, please contact us via email at privacypolicy@noa.nintendo.com, via phone at 1-888-977-7627, or via regular mail at Nintendo of America Inc., Attn: Privacy Administrator, 4600 150th Avenue NE, Redmond, WA 98052, U.S.A.
You may also contact ESRB Privacy Certified via email at privacy@esrb.org, or at https://www.esrb.org/privacy/contact/.





 About Nintendo 
Company Info
Careers
CSR Report
Sitemap


 Where To Buy 
Game Store
Online Retailers
Nintendo NY
Nintendo Store


 Support 
Health &amp.
Safety Precautions
Updated Warranty
Nintendo Switch Support
Wii U Support
Nintendo 3DS Support
Repair Help
Nintendo Product Recycling


 Parents 
Info for Parents 
Parental Controls
Online Safety Principles


 Legal 
Documents and Policies
Terms of Use


 Privacy 
Privacy Policy
Cookies and Interest-Based ads


 Change Region 


 Contact Us 
 Website Feedback 












© 2020 Nintendo.
Games are property of their respective owners.
Nintendo of America Inc.
Headquarters are in Redmond, Washington

