

 Code of Conduct Effective Date: March 2018

This Code of Conduct is provided to help you understand our expectations about your behavior when interacting with our products and services (the "Service" or the "Services").
To help keep our Services fun, friendly, and safe for all users, you will not engage in any harmful, illegal, unauthorized, or otherwise offensive conduct, such as: 


a) Misrepresenting, impersonating, abusing, stalking, threatening, or harassing any person or company, such as other users, Nintendo, or Nintendo employees, representatives, moderators, or contractors.
engaging in or promoting any discriminatory, defamatory, hateful, obscene, physically dangerous, or otherwise illegal, fraudulent or objectionable conduct in connection with the Service;


b) Making, disseminating, sharing, or playing unauthorized copies of a Service or any part of it.
making new versions of a Service or any part of it;


c) Attempting to derive source code of, gain unauthorized or automated access to any of Nintendo's software used to provide the Service or any feature of a Service.
hosting, intercepting, using cheats, automated software (bots), hacks, mods or any other software designed to modify the Service, in whole or in part.
using the Service on an unauthorized device or a device that has been modified, including via the installation of jailbreaking software or by gaining root access.
uploading, posting, emailing, transmitting, or otherwise making available viruses, corrupted data or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files;


d) Gaining unauthorized or automated access to any of Nintendo's computers, hardware, equipment, servers or networks used to support the Service by any means whatsoever.
emulating, reverse engineering, or redirecting the communication protocols used by Nintendo to support the Service, regardless of the method used to do so;


e) Engaging in any commercial activity using the Service or any other activity that disrupts, diminishes the quality of, interferes with the performance of, or impairs the functionality of a Service, or any services of our third party partners;


f) Selling, trading, assigning or otherwise transferring the Service and/or your user account to another person or entity;


g) Uploading, posting, emailing, transmitting, or otherwise making available:

(i) any content or data that you do not have a legal right to make available;
(ii) any content or data that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other intellectual property or proprietary right of any party;
(iii) any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising or promotional materials;
(iv) any content or data that contains personal information belonging to another person.
or
(v) any content or data that is obscene, is unlawful, violates any agreement you entered into with Nintendo, or is prohibited from publication in your jurisdiction.




If we deem it appropriate, we will take action, up to and including suspending or disabling a user's access to all or a portion of the Services.



 About Nintendo 
Company Info
Careers
CSR Report
Sitemap


 Where To Buy 
Game Store
Online Retailers
Nintendo NY
Nintendo Store


 Support 
Health &amp.
Safety Precautions
Updated Warranty
Nintendo Switch Support
Wii U Support
Nintendo 3DS Support
Repair Help
Nintendo Product Recycling


 Parents 
Info for Parents 
Parental Controls
Online Safety Principles


 Legal 
Documents and Policies
Terms of Use


 Privacy 
Privacy Policy
Cookies and Interest-Based ads


 Change Region 


 Contact Us 
 Website Feedback 












© 2020 Nintendo.
Games are property of their respective owners.
Nintendo of America Inc.
Headquarters are in Redmond, Washington

