
         Privacy Policy  Nitro Media Privacy Policy 
 The following sets forth the policies for the collection and use of personally identifiable information ("Information") by Nitro Media (together with its affiliated companies, "Nitro Media") in connection with its operation of the Web site located at www.gonitromedia.com (the "Site").&nbsp.
Nitro Media takes its obligations regarding privacy very seriously, and it wants to ensure users are fully informed about the Information they are providing to it.

Collection of Information.
 In connection with the Site, Nitro Media may collect Information in the following ways: 

Through registration forms filled out by a user on the Site 
 Through Information provided by a user in connection with the purchase of products or services on the Site 
Through the maintenance and analysis of Web server logs 
Via e-mail sent by a user to Nitro Media 
 Through the use by Nitro Media of third-party databases from which user Information is extracted and combined with Information obtained by Nitro Media through other means.


 Nitro Media may also connect non-personally identifiable information from users via "cookies" (small text files placed by Nitro Media on user computers), single-pixel GIF image files (also called "Web beacons"), Web server log analysis and other similar technological means.&nbsp.
Such non-personally identifiable information may be used to track site trends and enhance the user experience, and may be shared with third parties. To the extent third parties may place advertising on the Site, such third parties may utilize cookies or other technological means within the advertising to collect and utilize non-personally identifiable information.&nbsp.
Nitro Media is not responsible for information collected by third parties in this manner, nor for the collection or use of Information by other sites to which the Site is linked.

Types of Information Collected by Nitro Media.
 The following types of Information about a user are among those that may be collected by Nitro Media in connection with the Site: 

Name 
Postal address 
E-mail address 
Telephone number 
Cellular telephone number 
Facsimile number 
 Payment information (e.g.
credit card numbers and billing addresses), if purchases or payments are made 
Banking information 
Social Security number 
Date of birth 
Age except with any offer of credit
Gender except with any offer of credit
Other demographic information (e.g.
occupation, income range) 
IP Address 
Referring site 
Other technical information collected by the Site's servers.




Sharing Personal Information with Third Parties.
 We may share, sell or trade your personal information gathered online with third parties.
We will share your information in order to provide services and process your requests.
We may share your personal information with our corporation affiliates and business united within the same corporation.

 By completing the online form you expressly consent to receive text message, autodialed and/or prerecorded calls from us, our marketing partners and the parties listed on the Site.
I understand that consenting is not required to make any purchase.

No Collection of Information from Children.
 The Site is not intended for users under the age of 18, nor does Nitro Media knowingly collect or retain Information in connection with the Site from children under the age of 13.

Use of Information.
 Nitro Media may use Information collected in connection with the Site in the following ways: 

 To provide requested information, products and services to users 
To improve the user experience with the Site 
 In connection with the operation of the Site and Nitro Media's internal business 
 In connection with other Sites or offline businesses owned or operated by Nitro Media 
 For Users to obtain information and offers for products and services offered by Nitro Media as well as selected third parties.


 In order to do the foregoing, Nitro Media may provide your Information to trusted third parties, including but not limited to selected third party marketers and vendors as well as third party contractors providing services to Nitro Media for the operation of the Site and its business, communication services and fulfillment of orders.
Email address will only be provided to selected mailing partners of Nitro Media.
&nbsp.
Nitro Media will use commercially reasonable efforts to limit use of the Information by such third parties to the specific uses set forth above.&nbsp.
Nitro Media also utilizes electronic and physical security to reduce the risk of improper access to or manipulation of Information during transmission and storage, but cannot guarantee the security or integrity of the Information.

Access to Information.
Users may modify and correct certain Information through a written request sent to Nitro Media, 132 Mill Road, Moncton, NB, E1A 4A5.
Changes to this Privacy Policy.
 Nitro Media reserves the right to revise and update this Privacy Policy at any time.
Any such revisions will be effective on the date of posting to the Site, and will apply to all information collected by Nitro Media both prior to and following the effective date.
Your use of the Site following any such revisions will be deemed your acceptance of such revisions.
Users should periodically visit this page to review the current policies with regard to Information.

Opting Out from Offers from Nitro Media.
 At any time, a user may opt out from receiving future offers from Nitro Media by following the instructions contained within each marketing communication.&nbsp.
Such opting out will not apply to any communications from third parties to whom Nitro Media may have provided Information regarding the user.&nbsp.
Third parties' use of the Information is subject to such parties' own privacy policies, for which Nitro Media shall not be responsible.

Your California Privacy Rights.
 Beginning on January 1, 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of Nitro Media who are California residents to request certain information regarding Nitro Media's disclosure of personal information for their direct marketing purposes.
To make such a request, please write to: Nitro Media, 132 Mill Road, Moncton, NB, E1A 4A5.&nbsp.
Within thirty days of receiving such a request, Nitro Media will provide a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for third-party direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of these third parties.
This request may be made no more than once per calendar year.
 Nitro Media reserves its right not to respond to requests submitted other than to the address specified in this paragraph.

Many browsers including Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Google Chrome contain a "do not track" optional setting.
In general, when a "do not track" setting is active, the user's browser notifies websites that the user does not want the user's personally identifiable information about an individual consumer's online activities tracked over time and across different Web sites or online services.
Websites are not required to honor a do not track request and as required by amendments to the California Shine the Light law, we are informing you that we do not honor such requests.
Arbitration Agreement.
Please read this Arbitration Agreement (the "Agreement") carefully.
THIS AGREEMENT STARTS WHEN YOU ACCEPT.
You accept when you do any of the following things after an opportunity to review this agreement: give us a written or electronic signature.
tell us orally or electronically that you accept.
submit information to us on our website.
This Agreement affects your legal rights and remedies and provides that disputes between you and Nitro Media (the "Company"), must be resolved through binding arbitration rather than in a court.
Resolution Of Claims or Disputes.
Nitro Media hopes to make you a happy customer and most customer concerns can be resolved quickly and to the customer's satisfaction by email our customer service department.
If, however, there is an issue that needs to be resolved, this Agreement describes how both of us will proceed.
Any claim or dispute between you and Nitro Media (or any of Company's subsidiaries or affiliates) arising out of or relating in any way to the product or this Agreement shall be resolved through final, binding arbitration.
This obligation applies regardless of whether the claim or dispute involves a tort, fraud, breach of contract, misrepresentation, product liability, negligence, violation of a statute, or any other legal theory.
Included are all claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of our relationship.
claims that may arise after the termination of this Agreement.
and claims related to direct marketing efforts, including complaints concerning unsolicited text messages, emails, and telemarketing calls.
Limitation of Legal Remedies.
We each agree that each of us may bring claims against the other only in an individual capacity and not in a class action or representative proceeding.
All arbitrations under this Agreement shall be conducted on an individual (and not a class-wide) basis, and an arbitrator shall have no authority to award class-wide relief.
You acknowledge and agree that this Agreement specifically prohibits you from commencing arbitration proceedings as a representative of others or joining in any arbitration proceedings brought by any other person.
Arbitration Procedures.
 A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send to the other a written Notice of Dispute describing the nature and basis of the claim or dispute and setting forth the specific relief sought.
All Notices to Nitro Media shall be sent to the following address: Nitro Media, 132 Mill Road, Moncton, NB, E1A 4A5.
Upon receipt of such Notice, the other party shall have a thirty-day period in which it may satisfy the claim against it by fully curing the dispute and/or providing all the relief requested in the Notice.
After the expiration of such thirty-day cure period, you or Nitro Media may commence an arbitration proceeding.
The arbitration of any claim or dispute under this Agreement shall be conducted pursuant to the American Arbitration Association's ("AAA") United States Commercial Dispute Resolution Procedures and Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes.
These rules and procedures are available by calling the AAA or by visiting its web site at www.adr.org.
The arbitration of any claim or dispute under this Agreement shall be conducted in the State of New York or in the location in which you received this Agreement or in your home state.
For any non-frivolous claim that does not exceed $25,000, Nitro Media will pay all costs of the arbitration and will agree to conduct the arbitration through the AAA offices in your home state.
For any claim under $10,000, Nitro Media further agrees that any hearings may be held by telephone and that Nitro Media will not seek attorney's fees in the event Nitro Media prevails.
You acknowledge and agree that each party shall pay the fees and costs of its own counsel, experts and witnesses.

Choice of Law.
This Agreement concerns a transaction in interstate commerce, and therefore shall be governed by the United States Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C.
Â§ 1 et seq.
Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement is declared or found to be unlawful, unenforceable or void, such provision will be ineffective only to the extent that it is found unlawful, unenforceable or void, and the remainder of the provision and all other provisions shall remain fully enforceable.
Policy Last Revised: June 9, 2016 Â© 2021 - GoFeedProvider.COM | Contact Us 
      