

Upload File
Buy Premium
Earn money
Support
 LoginSign up Copyright / DMCA 
***WARNING: prohibited contents will lead to immediate account suspension and reporting to appropriate authorites.***


NitroFlare (including but not limited to websites under such as NitroFlare.com) is an Internet Service Provider, NitroFlare complies with industry standards in the fields of copyright law including Intellectual Property Rights.
NitroFlare responds promptly to claims of copyright infringement reported to its copyright ATT tool.
NitroFlare shall accommodate and not interfere with standard technical measures used to identify and protect copyrighted works and shall disable access to or remove Content that it believes in good faith may infringe the copyrights of third parties as well as discontinue Service to users who repeatedly make such content available or otherwise violate NitroFlare User Agreement and supplemental policies.
NitroFlare takes all feasible measures to comply with applicable copyright legislation and standards.
However, due to nature of the Services and the massive amount of stored Content, we have to introduce certain legally recognized presumptions regarding users' actions and Content.
Please carefully consider the below before contacting us.
NitroFlare team shall do its best to cooperate with respective copyright owners.
1.   &nbsp.
Online Service Provider
NitroFlare is an Online Service Provider rendering automatic Services (as set by Art.
2 of the User Agreement).
Therefore it does not own, publish or distribute any Content uploaded by users.
2.   &nbsp.
User's right to dispose access to Content The decision how to utilize the access to the uploaded Content is made exclusively by uploading user upon his rights to Content.
3.   &nbsp.
Absence of index
NitroFlare is technically unable to index the vast amount of Content being uploaded or stored at the servers of NitroFlare.
4.   &nbsp.
Automated filtering NitroFlare has implemented automated filtering for shared Content to avert infringing of the User Agreement and supplemental polices.
Upon the results of filtering recognized copyrighted and/or infringing Content shall be withheld from sharing.
Such automated filtering is considered a supplementary measure and does not guarantee complete and accurate recognition of all infringing Content therefore it does not free copyright owner from the duty of identifying own copyrights being infringed.
5.   &nbsp.
Content privacy
Any Content accessible exclusively via private account within the terms of NitroStorage services is private and thus presumed fair use unless validly stated otherwise by rightful party.
6.   &nbsp.
No authority to make judgment of Content
Without distinct Copyright owner's notification NitroFlare has no authority to make judgment whether each user is competent to upload Content to its servers (e.g.
whether such user is the owner of work, or is authorized a proxy of the owner.
whether the Content is uploaded for personal use.
whether the copyright has expired.
or if the Content is used under fair use, etc.) Any Content is considered as consistent with User Agreement unless otherwise notified by Copyright owner or any other authorized person in each particular case.
7.   &nbsp.
Content availability
The Content is considered available and unremoved only upon the ability of successful downloading of whole intact files constituting such Content.
Due to technical reasons NitroFlare URLs database may experience lags, which may cause existence of URLs indicating removed or non-existing Content.
Such URLs do not lead to Content and download attempts shall be denied by notification of a relevant error message.
8.   &nbsp.
File name

Files are named by user at own discretion for personal convenience.
File names may uninformative, as well as human-readable, or supposedly descriptive of the alleged Content.
However the Content cannot be characterized for the file name.
Identification of the Content is only made upon accessing such Content in its entirety regardless of file names.
9.   &nbsp.
Takedown notice
The Content is taken down upon filing a notification of claimed infringement (hereinafter "Takedown notice") which MUST contain FULL information as follows or otherwise it may be rejected:

The name and location of owner of a copyrighted work(s) and complaining party's authority to represent it;
Information sufficient to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address;
Description of the copyrighted work claimed to be infringed (name of the work is mandatory), and, if available, URL to work and/or copyright registration number;
URLs to Content at NitroFlare website claimed to be infringing;
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
 A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Complaining party's TRUE NAME (as of natural person) to be considered as the digital signature.

10.&nbsp.
Plain text
Any messages, including Takedown notices are accepted as plain text.
Any enclosed attachments are not opened or examined due to security reasons.
The attachments shall be processed only if sent on demand of receiving party.
11.&nbsp.
Delivering of Takedown notices
Complaining party is authorized to send its request by any of the means set below.
NitroFlare is considered informed of the infringement upon its reply to the notification.
If no reply is sent within reasonable term, NitroFlare advices to use other means of communication, as unreplied Takedown notices are deemed lost due to technical reasons (e.g.
blocked as SPAM, subject to denial of service, lost due to software error etc.)
12.&nbsp.
Copyright infringement ticket system
NitroFlare recommends to file Takedown notices using the integrated copyright infringement ticketing system which provides quick and reliable means of processing notifications.
Copyright infringement ticketing system is accessible.

If you are the copyrights owner or presenter of the copyright and you want to remove the file from our servers, you should register to our ATT service:




Register to the ATT service



Wait for our approval.
(You'll get an Email when we finish checking your registration)


After we aprove your registration, please enter to our Advanced Takedown Tool, and login with the password we sent.


Follow the instructions on the ATT page.






Nitroflare DMCA team will respond immediately After reviewing the report, we will act accordingly up to 24 hours to read and act the report, You must provide enough information so that we can identify fast whether the file belong to you or you the presenter of the copyright rights for this file.








NitroFlare.com is an international service for safe file transfer, storage, backup, and distribution.
The speed of our servers, all of them working on several gigabyte connection links, is nearly unlimited.
Today there are no similar services that can offer our level of quality.
Nitroflare is the best and fastest service for uploading, storing, and safe sharing of your files on the internet.

Affiliates FAQ |&nbsp.
Copyright / DMCA |&nbsp.
Terms of Service |&nbsp.
Privacy Policy |&nbsp.
Refund Policy |&nbsp.
Contact

Â© All rights reserved NitroFlare

