
         NoiseMeters Inc.
USA ▼ United States Canada United Kingdom Ireland Australia Other Countries ≡ Home Contact Application Products Rental More ▼ Calibration News Noise Calculators Terms &amp.
Conditions Help COVID-19 Status 888 206 4377 Email Cart Help &gt.
Privacy Statement <div style="display:inline"><a href="http://www.providesupport.com?messenger=10ia5osh11yj41uug0xv789ew9">Customer Service Chat</a></div&gt.
Privacy Statement Privacy Statement NoiseMeters will not pass your contact details to any third party without first gaining your permission.
The information you provide will be used only for NoiseMeters to contact you about our products and to answer your questions. Cookies During checkout our web site uses a temporary cookie that is not stored on your hard disk but held only in memory.
It is deleted when you complete checkout or is destroyed automatically when your browser closes.
A cookie is also used during browsing for analytic purposes, so we can see which pages are visited and how the visitors found their way there (from a search engine for example).
We can't see that it is you, just that somebody visited a page.
This cookie is not used for marketing or remarketing purposes.
No personal information is included and your visit to our site will not be used for marketing purposes by anybody.
If you change your region (the box at the top-right of this page) then we store a cookie so that it remembers your location when you return, rather than having to select it again. Environmental Statement You will have noticed that our site is quick.
A lot of effort has gone in to making it very efficient in its use of resources.
As a result our site operates on a minimal specification server, uses very little bandwidth and puts little strain on your computer and browser.
You see this as a fast site, but it also results in a much lower impact on the environment (reduction in power used) than most other sites.
As more and more power is used by web servers we encourage web developers to take the extra time and care to reduce a web site's environmental impact. No Newsletter? We used to send out a monthly newsletter, but stopped a while ago as we don't believe most people want to receive unsolicited newsletters or emails pestering them to sign up or agree to receiving it.
We understand that most of our customers contact us if they need something and don't need prompting to do so.
If you liked reading our news stories then they are still available on-line in our News Stories section.
We have regular updates still, but will not fill your in-box with them! Contact | Applications | Products | Rental | Calibration | News | Calculators | Help Tel: 888 206 4377 info@noisemeters.com 
      