
         Privacy Personal Information You can visit Noixion websites without providing any personal data.
In that case, we will only collect anonymous statistical data of general use (number of visitors, amount of data traffic, etc).
Any additional voluntary information will be used only for the purpose for which you provided it, in order to give you the information or services you may require.
We will not disclose or sell your personal Information to anyone.
Unless we need a third party to provide you with the information or services you require. Use of Cookies During any visit to our site, the pages you see, along with a short text file called a ‘cookie’, are downloaded to your computer.
Many websites do this, because cookies facilitate useful features such as the ability to identify whether a user has successfully logged into the site or to find out whether the computer (and probably its user) has visited the website before.
Cookies may also allow to collect user aggregated behaviour, evaluate use and compile statistical reports.
You can set your browser to accept or reject cookies.
These settings will typically be found in the ‘options’ or ‘preferences’ menu of your browser. Your rights At any time, you have the right to:

Access, rectification and deletion
Opting-out at any time
Applying restrictions
Retraction of your consent to the processing
Data portability
Being informed of our data processing system

You have the right to raise a complaint to the corresponding supervisory authority (in Spain, AEPD).
Before doing so, we kindly ask you to contact us and seek a friendly solution. How do we protect your data We have implemented an advanced security system that protects your personal data against any accidental or unauthorised destruction, loss, alteration and access, or any other unauthorised process.
Nevertheless, no system can guarantee 100% of security.
Therefore, we strongly request you to choose a robust password and keep it confidential. Revisions We may modify this Privacy Policy eventually.
In that case we would modify this statement and send a notification by email (if any was provided).
