
Nokia.com/phones website is operated by HMD Global Oy, the exclusive licensee of the Nokia brand for phones and tablets.
We use cookies to improve and personalize your experience and to display advertisements.
By using this site, you consent to the use of cookies.
Learn more Agree <iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-WDR6C9T" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe&gt.
User Agreement ‌‌ PhonesSmartphonesFeature phonesAccessoriesPhonesSmartphonesFeature phonesAccessoriesExplore Android
For enterprises
Community
Support
International User Agreement
Effective date 24 August 2017

This is an agreement between you, the user of this site, and HMD Global Oy (“HMD”), who operates the site.
HMD reserves a right to add, change or remove any part of this agreement or the site at any point.
By accessing and using this site you agree to this agreement and any amendments thereto.
If you do not agree to the terms of this agreement, please note that you are not allowed to use the site.
This site relates only to Nokia branded phones manufactured by HMD.
If you have questions about any previous Nokia-branded phones, please go to: https://www.microsoft.com/mobile/.

General Terms



As long as you comply with this agreement, HMD grants you a personal, limited, non-transferable and non-exclusive right to participate in the discussions hosted on this site.



The contents of this site represent the views of the individual participants and not the views of HMD.
HMD does not take responsibility for any of the views expressed on the site.



When participating in the discussions on the site, you must comply with the House Rules below.
HMD retains the right at any time to remove any submission or content deemed by HMD to violate this agreement or the House Rules.
HMD may also take action against any account, at any time, for any reason.



HMD does not formally provide technical support on the site.
HMD employees may provide information and respond to questions on the site but any advice provided by HMD on the site is on an "as-is" basis only and does not imply any guarantees or warranties of any kind.



As a user, you may be offered rewards for your contribution and participation in the site activities.
This does not create a contractual relationship between you and HMD and does not grant you the right to present yourself as a representative of HMD.


To participate in the discussions on the site, you must have a unique user name and password combination.
Data collected on the site will be treated in accordance with HMD Global Privacy Policy.



HMD may use any feedback and ideas received on the site for purposes of developing products, services and technologies without any obligations or restrictions.



You must be at least 16 years old to participate in the discussions on the site.



HMD may provide a system whereby users can acquire rewards for contributions on the site.
You are not allowed to manipulate the reward system by any means or instruct others to do so.



For questions or problems regarding your account, please post a question in the Feedback section or email community@nokiaphones.com.



House Rules 




Be kind – everyone has a right to give an opinion and should feel free to express it.
Treat each other with respect.



Do not post illegal, adult-themed, racist, abusive, sexist or otherwise offensive content. Doing so will result in your account being deleted from the forum.



No spam. We consider any irrelevant or advertising-related post as spam.
Such posts will be removed.



Use meaningful headlines. Give your topic meaningful headlines so that other members can understand what it is about.



Give the search bar a try. Before opening a new discussion on a topic, use the search bar to see if it has already been covered.
This will help avoid having multiple threads for the same topic and keeps the community clean and tidy.



Do not post in all uppercase letters. It will be considered as shouting and rude and will therefor get deleted.



Post your topic in the right section. For example, questions concerning Nokia 6 should go to the Nokia 6 section and not in the Nokia 5 section.



Do not post in all uppercase letters. It will be considered as shouting and rude and will therefor get deleted.



Say thank you. If a comment helped you with your question, give thanks by marking the comment as answer.



Keep your posts in English (except in Local sections). The community is mostly for a global audience.
So please keep your posts on the global sections in English.
Don’t worry if your English isn’t the best – the community is a supportive place.
In the local areas (India, Indonesia and Vietnam) you are free to use local language.



Don’t share or reveal any personal data in your posts i.e.
full name, your personal email address, phone number or IMEI number in public posts.
Keep your user ID safe.


Please consider this is as a peer-to-peer community where Nokia users can share their experience, knowledge and tips.
For official technical support, head to our Support section.




Do not speculate about rumours about unannounced products or HMD policies and procedures.
HMD will not comment on any of these speculations.


Do not hesitate to report inappropriate content.


Let us know if you have any ideas for improving the site.
You can do so in the Feedback section.

 Back to top SmartphonesFeature phonesAccessoriesNokia phones and Android
Our Android story
Google One
Android™ 10
Support
Customer support
User guides
FAQs
Service and repairs
Warranty and insurance
For businesses
Android Enterprise Recommended smartphones
Mobile security
HMD Connect Pro
Get involved
Community forum
Beta labs
Developer Portal


Visit Nokia.com
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
YouTube




HMD Global© 2020 HMD Global.
All rights reserved.
Nokia is a registered trademark of Nokia Corporation.
HMD Global Oy is the exclusive licensee of the Nokia Brand for phones and tablets.
Site terms
Privacy
Cookies
Press

