
         Privacy Policy Protecting your private information is our priority.
This Statement of Privacy applies to nook.market and governs data collection and usage.
The nook.market website is a Animal Crossing item marketplace website.
By using the nook.market website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information 
Discord username
Twitter username
 Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through nook.market's public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others.
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us.
However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site.
These may include registering for an account on our Site, or sending us an email message.
To wit, we will use your information solely for communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us.
Use of your Personal Information nook.market collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Sharing Information with Third Parties nook.market does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
nook.market may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on nook.market or the site.
(b) protect and defend the rights or property of nook.market.
and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of nook.market, or the public.
Automatically Collected Information Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by nook.market.
This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses.
This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the nook.market website.
Use of Cookies The nook.market website may use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience.
A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server.
Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to allow you register with and sign in to the website.
The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page.
For example, if you register with nook.market site or services, a cookie helps nook.market to recall your specific information on subsequent visits.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies.
Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the nook.market services or websites you visit.
Links This website contains links to other sites.
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Security of your Personal Information nook.market secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
nook.market uses the following methods for this purpose: 
SSL Protocol
 When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control.
and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
Children Under Thirteen nook.market does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen.
If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Disconnecting your nook.market Account from Third Party Websites You will be able to connect your nook.market account to third party accounts.
BY CONNECTING YOUR TRADE.POKEFAN.CLUB ACCOUNT TO YOUR THIRD PARTY ACCOUNT, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE CONTINUOUS RELEASE OF INFORMATION ABOUT YOU TO OTHERS (IN ACCORDANCE WITH YOUR PRIVACY SETTINGS ON THOSE THIRD PARTY SITES).
IF YOU DO NOT WANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU, INCLUDING PERSONALLY IDENTIFYING INFORMATION, TO BE SHARED IN THIS MANNER, DO NOT USE THIS FEATURE.
You may disconnect your account from a third party account at any time.
You may disconnect your accounts from third-party websites by visiting your "My Profile" page.
Changes to this Statement nook.market reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time.
We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by placing a prominent notice on our site and by updating any privacy information on this page.
Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy.
and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information nook.market welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that nook.market has not adhered to this Statement, please contact nook.market by email at privacy@wooloo.farrm.

      