
Last updated: October 27, 2020
This document (“Privacy Policy”) explains the privacy rules applicable to all information collected or submitted when you access, install, or use the Nord Services.
All definitions and capitalized words used in this Privacy Policy are defined here or in our General Terms.
By visiting our websites, by submitting your personal data to us, and by accessing, installing and/or using the Services, you confirm that you have read this Privacy Policy and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy.
If you disagree with the rules of this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Services.
Information in this Privacy Policy is provided in layers, meaning that all information related to our general personal data processing practices is provided here.
Meanwhile, additional Service-specific information applicable to separate Nord products or websites are accessible via links in this Privacy Policy.
Processing of your data
Nord processes user data to a limited scope – for provision of the Services, processing payments for the Services, as well as the functioning of our websites and mobile applications.
We process the following basic information:
Information for creating your account

Email address.
We ask for your email address as part of your registration.
It is necessary for establishing a Nord account, retrieving a lost password, and using our Services.

Payment related information

Payment data (if using paid Services).
This information is necessary to collect payments for our Services.
In addition to the traditional payment methods, such as credit cards, users can buy our Service with cryptocurrency.
Our payment processing partners process basic billing information for payment processing and refund requests (such as date of purchase, payer’s IP address, zip code, card owner's full name and credit card information).
We also process some of the same payment information ourselves (e.
g., card owner's full name, last few digits of your credit card) in cases of recurring payments.
Country details.
When providing your payment details, we ask our users to provide the country where they are registered, have a permanent address or usually live.
This information is necessary for VAT calculation purposes.

Communication data

Email address.
We use your email address to: i) send you important updates and announcements related to your use of our Services.
ii) respond to your requests or inquiries.
iii) send you offers, surveys and other marketing content (you can opt-out of those at any time).
Communication optimization data.
We use various tools to help us optimize our emailing campaigns.
These tools may track events you perform with an email, such as open and unsubscribe.
We may also be able to see the user device’s operating system (e.g., windows, mac, ios, android) in order to optimize push notifications.
Chat-bot.
If you contact us via our chat-bot on our website, in addition to collecting your contact information, we will be able to see your IP address.
This additional information is necessary for our support to determine the user's country and to see if the user is connected to our servers or not.

Information collected on our website

Access logs.
As most websites on the internet, our website collects access logs (such as IP address, browser type, operating system) to operate our services and ensure their secure, reliable, and robust performance.
This information is also essential for fighting against DDoS attacks, scanning and similar hacking attempts.
Cookies.
Cookies, pixels and other similar technologies are usually small text or image files that are placed on your device when you visit our website.
Some cookies are essential for our website to operate smoothly.
others are used to improve website functionality or analyze aggregated usage statistics to improve website performance (as in the case of Google Analytics cookies).
We also use affiliate cookies to identify the customers referred to the website by our partners so that we can grant the referrers their commission.
You can check what cookies we use in the detailed cookie table that is accessible here.

Additional information per product
As our products cater to different user needs, they may collect different data points during their performance.
The following links provide further information on:
NordVPN
NordPass
NordLocker
Sharing your personal data
We do not share your personal information with third parties except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Service providers.
We use third-party service providers to help us with various operations, such as payment processing, email automation, website and app diagnostics, analytics and other.
As a result, some of these providers may process personal information.
Some of our main long-term service providers:

Live chat and support service platform – Zendesk (provided by Zendesk Inc.);
Emailing service providers – Iterable (by Iterable Inc.), Sendgrid (by Twilio Inc.);
Application analytics and diagnostics – Google Analytics, Firebase Analytics (provided by Google);
AppsFlyer (by AppsFlyer Ltd.), Bugsnag (by Bugsnag Inc.);
Conversion attribution system – Hasoffers (provided by Tune Inc.);

Sometimes our service providers, for example, distributors, resellers, and app store partners, will be independent controllers of your data.
Their terms and conditions and privacy policies will apply to such relationships.
Your personal information may be processed in any country in which we engage service providers.
When you use our Services, you acknowledge the transfer of your personal information outside of the country where you reside.
Requests for data.
Any request for user data should follow an appropriate legal process to be recognized by the laws of the Republic of Panama.
Being based in Panama allows us to keep no logs of users’ online activity (no IP addresses, browsing data, traffic information, etc.).
This means that we are unable to link an individual user to a specific IP address, connection timestamp or other information that we do not collect.
Therefore, even in cases we receive a rightfully served request, it might be impossible for us to identify a specific person or provide any identifying information related to that person.
In cases where, following an appropriate legal process, we are able to identify a specific person, we will provide the limited data we process per our Privacy Policy.
Depending on a specific case, this may include user’s email, payment information (date of purchase, payment method and available details), subscription period, password expiration date or a country the user chose when registering for the Services.
Choices related to your data
If you’d like to edit your profile information, delete your account or data, or request to provide you with a copy of your personal information, please contact our support team.
Please note that you may need to pass through a couple of account verification steps so that we can verify you are the owner of the account.
If you wish to unsubscribe from our communication, you can opt out at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each message or contacting us at privacy@nordaccount.com.
You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level.
To disable cookies, follow your browser’s instructions on how to block or clear cookies.
Some browsers have incorporated a “do-not-track” feature that can send a signal to the websites you visit, indicating you do not wish to be tracked.
Currently, our systems do not recognize browser “do-not-track” requests.
If you disagree with the processing of your data by Nord, please do not use our Services.
You can request us to discontinue processing your personal data, in which case your data will be processed only as much as it is necessary to effect the discontinuation of your use of the Services (e.g., final settlement, or deleting all personal data based on your email address), or finalizing other Nord’s legal relationship with you (e.g., record keeping, accounting, processing refunds).
If you wish to use the Services again, you will have to accept and agree to this Privacy Policy anew.
Data security
We take data security very seriously and take all steps reasonably necessary to secure your data (whether technical, physical, or administrative).
However, no company can guarantee the absolute security of internet communications.
By using the Services, you expressly acknowledge that we cannot guarantee the security of any data provided to or received by us through the Services and that any information received from you through the website or our Services is provided at your own responsibility.
Information for users in the European Economic Area (EEA)
The European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) requires that we provide notice in a specific way to our European users about their privacy rights.
Please find all the necessary information here.
Information for users in California
If you are a California resident, you can implement your rights as provided in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) by contacting us at privacy@nordaccount.com.
As per definitions in the CCPA, please note that Nord does not sell your personal information.
Other Terms
The Privacy Policy is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws provided in our General Terms.
To ensure the security of personal data, Nord employs various administrative, technical and physical security measures.
however, it is your responsibility to exercise caution and reason when using the Services.
You will be personally responsible if such action violates any third party’s privacy or any other rights, or any applicable law.
Under no circumstances is Nord liable for the consequences of your unlawful activities, your willful and negligent activities that violate applicable laws or third-party rights, and any circumstances that may not have been reasonably controlled or foreseen.
Our website may include links to other websites whose privacy practices may be different from ours.
If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies.
We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
This Privacy Policy may be modified and updated at any time, at our sole discretion, for any or no reason, and without liability, as indicated below.
The date of the most current wording of the Privacy Policy is indicated at the top of the text.
We ask all users to ensure that they are familiar with the most current wording of the Privacy Policy.
The amendment of the Privacy Policy may be communicated to you by sending an email and/or by publishing the updated Privacy Policy on this website.
Updates of the Privacy Policy come into force as of the moment when they are published.
You may not assign or transfer your rights or obligations under this Privacy Policy to any third party.
