
Notion has updated its Privacy Policy effective August 4, 2022.
For existing Users, these updates will apply beginning on September 3, 2022.
For new Users, these updates apply immediately.
To view the previous version of Notion's Privacy Policy, click the link below 👇
Privacy Policy (Deprecated August 4, 2022)
Notion’s Privacy Policy describes how Notion collects, uses, and shares your personal information.
This Privacy Policy explains your choices surrounding how we use your personal information, which include how you can object to certain uses of the information and how you can access and update certain information.

Here are some important definitions to help you understand our terms and this Privacy Policy:

Notion Labs, Inc., and our relevant affiliates are referred to as “Notion,” “we,” “us,” and “our.”
Our public websites, including www.notion.so, are referred to as the “Website.”
Our online software-as-service platform including any related APIs provided by Notion, together with all related mobile and desktop applications are collectively referred to as the “Services.”
Content submitted, posted or modified by users in the Service is organized into separated sections that are referred to as “Workspaces.”
1.
Personal Information we collect
We collect personal information when you provide it to us, when you use our Website or Services, and when other sources provide it to us, as further described below.

A.
Information You Provide to Us


Account Creation: When you create an account or otherwise use the Services, we collect information such as your name, email address, password, role within your team or enterprise, and an optional profile photo.

Your Communications with Us: We collect personal information from you such as email address, phone number, or mailing address when you request information about our Services, register for our newsletter, request customer or technical support, or otherwise communicate with us.
We also collect the contents of messages or attachments that you may send to us, as well as other information you choose to provide, and that may be associated with your communications.

Payment Information: When you purchase a subscription to the Services, we will collect payment information allowing you to pay us.
We use third-party payment providers to process payments on the Services.
We may receive information associated with your payment information, such as billing address and transaction information, but we do not directly store payment information on the Services.

Surveys: We may contact you to participate in surveys.
If you decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information which may include personal information.

Interactive Features: We may offer interactive features such as forums, blogs, chat and messaging services, and social media pages.
We and others who use our Website or Services may collect the information you submit or make available through these interactive features.
Any content you provide via the public sections of these features will be considered “public” and is not subject to the privacy protections referenced herein.
By using these interactive features, you understand that the personal information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties for their own purposes.
