
We collect as little personal data as possible, and we don't track you.
In this policy, you can read how we collect and use your information.
It also describes how we use cookies.How we collect and use informationWe collect and use information in order to provide you the services of NsLookup.io.
Unless stated otherwise, we do not process or store your IP address or any other personally identifiable information.
Here are all the ways in which we collect and use your information:


Serving requests
In order to serve the web pages you request, we process — but do not store — your IP address.

Diagnosing issues
When we encounter an issue while serving the web page that you have requested, we may store the date, time and query of that request with our supplier Sentry.
This data is not linked to you, and is retained for 90 days.

Logging
In order to observe the function of NsLookup, we log some of the web pages you request.
This data is not linked to you, and is handled and retained for 7 days by our logging partner Humio.

Preventing abuse
We may count the number of queries originating from your IP address to enforce our terms and conditions.
This data is retained for up to 1 hour.

Analyzing web traffic
Our partner Plausible processes the pages you request, as well as your IP address.
Your IP address is used to estimate your geolocation and will not be stored.
Our analytics can be found here.

Serving ads
Our partner EthicalAds processes your IP address to estimate your geolocation in order to serve country specific ads.

Contacting us
When you contact us, you can provide your name and email address.
If you do, they will be sent to us by email, in order for us to reply to you.
CookiesOur content delivery partner, CloudFlare, uses a cookie to provide critical performance and security services to NsLookup.
This cookie will be phased out on 10 May 2021.SafeguardsNsLookup follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to atempt to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information in NsLookup's possession.What choices do I have?As you can tell by the list above, we collect very limited information.
Of this data, the personally identifiable information is necessary in order to provide the services of NsLookup.io.
You can choose not to use NsLookup.io if you do not want us to use this information.Changes and questionsWe may revise this policy from time to time.
The changes will not be retroactive, and the most current version of this policy will govern our relationship with you.
By continuing to access or use NsLookup.io after those revisions become effective, you agree to the revised policy.
If you have any questions or feedback regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us.

Last updated: 2021-03-25

