

What We DoDigital ProductsTechnology TalentInnovation
Our Work
Resources
Events
Insights &amp.
NewsInsightsNews
Life @ Ntegra


ContactPrivacy PolicyNtegra Limited ("We") are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms of use www.ntegra.com/terms and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
By visiting http://ntegra.com/ you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
The data controller is Ntegra Limited of Units 3-5 Workshed, Carriage Works, London Street, Swindon, Wiltshire, United Kingdom, SN1 5DG.INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOUWe will collect and process the following data about you:

Information you give us.
This is information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our site NTEGRA.COM (our site) or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise.
It includes information you provide when you contact us, enter into a contract with us for the provision of services, register to use our site (if such functionality is made available on our site), and when you report a problem with our site.
The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, financial and credit card information, personal description and photograph.‍
Information we collect about you.
With regard to each of your visits to our site we will automatically collect the following information:‍- technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, [browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
- information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service number.
This information is aggregated and is not used to identify you.
COOKIESOur website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website.
This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site.
For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie Policy www.ntegra.com/cookies.USES MADE OF THE INFORMATIONWe use information held about you in the following ways:

Information you give to us.
We will use this information:
- to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
- to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;
- investigate any complaints about the website;
- to notify you about changes to our service;• to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.‍
Information we collect about you.
We will use this information:
- to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes and provide customer services;
- to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
- to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
- as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
- to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
- to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATIONYou agree that we have the right to share your personal information with:

Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.‍
A third party we may employ to help us in certain areas, such as website hosting, maintenance, call centre operation, identity checking.
In some cases the third party may receive your information.
However, at all times, we will control and be responsible for the use of your information.‍
Selected third parties including:
- business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you;
- analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site.

We will disclose your personal information to third parties:

In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.‍
If Ntegra Limited or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.‍
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use www.ntegra.com/terms/ or terms and conditions of supply of services and other agreements.
or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Ntegra Limited, our customers, or others.
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATAWe do not transfer your information outside the EEA.
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers.
Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology.
Where such functionality is made available on our site and we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.
Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site.
any transmission is at your own risk.
Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.YOUR RIGHTSYou have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes.
We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes.
You can exercise your right to prevent such processing at anytime by contacting us at Ntegra Limited, Units 3-5 Workshed, Carriage Works, London Street, Swindon, Wiltshire, United Kingdom, SN1 5DG OR info@ntegra.co.uk.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates.
If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.ACCESS TO INFORMATIONYou are entitled to see the information held about you.
If you wish to do this, please contact us at Ntegra Limited, Units 3-5 Workshed, Carriage Works, London Street, Swindon, Wiltshire, United Kingdom, SN1 5DG.
We may require you to provide verification of your identity and to pay an administration fee (which is currently £10) to provide a copy of the information we hold.
Please note that in certain circumstances we may withhold access to your information where we have the right to do so under current data protection legislation.CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICYAny changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.CONTACTQuestions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to Ntegra Limited, Units 3-5 Workshed, Carriage Works, London Street, Swindon, Wiltshire, United Kingdom, SN1 5DG OR info@ntegra.co.uk..

Privacy Policy
Terms &amp.
Conditions
Cookie Policy


Contact Us
© Copyright Ntegra 2021 - Ntegra Limited is a Private Limited CompanyWe use cookies to improve your experience on this site.Got ItStay TunedSign up to our newsletter for a curated roundup of the technology news and insights that we care about.Sign Up 
      