
        Privacy PolicyWho are we?NTS is a global radio platform with studios in London, Los Angeles, Shanghai and Manchester.
Broadcasting underground music live, 24/7.
NTS is part of NTS Live Ltd.
Our registered office address is at 89a Kingsland High Street, London E8 2PB, United Kingdom.
Our VAT number is GB190175314 and our company registration number is 08605921.
NTS Live Ltd is the data controller and our Data Protection Officer can be contacted by email: dpo@ntslive.co.uk.When do we collect personal data about you?We may collect when you interact with us in person, through correspondence, by phone, by social media, or through our website or mobile phone application.
We may collect personal data if it is considered to be of legitimate interest, and if this interest is not overridden by your privacy interests.
Before data is collected we make sure an assessment is made, ensuring that there is an established mutual interest between you and NTS.Why do we collect personal data?We collect and use personal data to perform direct marketing and customer service.
We also collect data about suppliers, partners and persons seeking a job or working in our company.
We collect your personal data so we can reply to your enquiries.How do we collect personal data?We collect your data when you:

Fill and submit an event registration or feedback forms on our website.
Initiate contact through email, chat, contact form, telephone call or other means of direct communication.
Purchase a subscription
What do we use your personal data for?We may use your information to:

Send you marketing communications which you have requested.
These may include information about our products and services, events, activities, and promotions of our associated partners’ products and services.
This communication is subscription based and requires your consent.
You can unsubscribe from these communications by clicking unsubscribe link in sent emails.
Follow up on incoming requests (customer support, emails, chats, or phone calls).
This is a legitimate interest and therefore doesn’t need consent.
Notify you about any disruptions to our services (system messages).
This is a legitimate interest and therefore doesn’t need consent.
Process a job application.
What type of personal data is collected?We collect names, phone numbers, titlesand email addresses, in addition to your company’s name and contact information.
We may also collect feedback, comments and questions received from you in service-related communication and activities, such as meetings, phone calls, documents, and emails.
From our websites, we may collect IP-address and actions taken on the site.
If you upload photos or videos, add posts or comments, etc.
on our website, the information can be read by anyone with access to the site and used for purposes over which we or you have no control.
Therefore, NTS is not responsible for any information you submit to the website.
If you apply for a job at NTS, we collect the data you provide during the application process.
NTS does not collect or process any special categories of personal data, such as public unique identifiers or sensitive personal data.How long do we keep your personal data?We store personal data for as long as we find it necessary to fulfill the purpose for which the personal data was collected, while also considering our need to answer your queries or resolve possible problems, to comply with legal requirements under applicable laws, attend to any legal claims/complaints, and for safeguarding purposes.
This means that we may retain your personal data for a reasonable period of time after your last interaction with us.
When the personal data that we have collected is no longer required, we will delete it in a secure manner.
We may process data for statistical purposes, but in such cases, data will be anonymized.Your rights to your personal dataYou have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
The right to request a copy of your personal data that NTS holds about you.
The right to request that NTS corrects your personal data if inaccurate or out of date.
The right to request that your personal data is deleted when it is no longer necessary for NTS to retain such data.
You can send queries for above rights to dpo@ntslive.co.uk.
If have subscribed up to our newsletter, you may update your profile by following the ‘Edit your preferences’ in the email footer.
The right to withdraw any consent to personal data processing at any time.
For example, your consent to receive email marketing communications:
If you want to withdraw your consent to email marketing communications, please make use of the Unsubscribe link included in our communication.
Please note that you may still receive system messages and administrative communications from us, such as system messages and notifications about your account activities.
The right to request a restriction on further data processing, in case there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data.
The right to object to the processing of personal data, in case data processing has been based on legitimate interest and/or direct marketing.
Any query about your personal data and privacy rights should be sent to dpo@ntslive.co.uk.The use of cookies and beaconsWe use cookies and web beacons (‘Website Navigational Information’) to collect information as you navigate the company’s websites.
Website Navigational Information includes standard information from your web browser, such as browser type and browser language.
your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address.
and the actions you take on the company’s websites, such as the web pages viewed and the links clicked.
This information is used to make websites work more efficiently, as well as to provide business information to the owners of the site, and to gather such personal data as browser type and operating system, referring page, path through site, domain of ISP, etc.
for the purposes of understanding how visitors use a website.
Cookies and similar technologies help us tailor our website to your personal needs, as well as to detect and prevent security threats and abuse.
If used alone, cookies and web beacons do not personally identify you.
For further information visit http://www.aboutcookies.org or http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser.
However in a few cases some of our website features may not function as a result.Do we share your data with anyone?We do not share, license, swap your information with any third parties without your consent, except from what is described below:MailChimpWe use a third-party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our newsletter.
We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our email newsletter.
For more information, please see MailChimp’s privacy notice: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/.
You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time of the day or night by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or by emailing our data protection officer dpo@ntslive.co.uk.FormspreeWe use Formspree to handle contact form submissions.
Formspree processes your webform submissions and forwards your details alongside your request to the relevant staff at NTS.
It also keeps stores a copy of your submission on our behalf.
For more information, please see Fromspree’s privacy policy: http://docs.formspree.io/files/privacy.pdf.HomerunWe use Homerun to manage job applications.
Homerun makes use of the following third party tools which use cookies.
Homerun uses Google Tag Manager to implement third party tools.
They use the Facebook pixel, Twitter pixel, LinkedIn pixel and Google AdWords Remarketing pixel in order to measure conversion of our advertisements on social media.
For general website analytics Homerun uses Google Analytics.
For more information, please see Homerun's privacy policy: https://www.homerun.co/privacy-statementGoogle AnalyticsWhen someone visits our website we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns.
We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site.
This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone.
We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Google may be retrieved under https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en and under http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html.AlexaWe allow Alexa to collect metrics to establish high-level site rankings.
For more information, please see: https://www.alexa.com/help/privacy.StripeWe use Stripe to process payments.
Stripe collects payment method information (such as credit or debit card number), purchase amount, date of purchase, and payment method.
When you make a transaction Stripe also receives your full name and email address.
NTS does not process or store payment information.
For more information, please refer to Stripe’s privacy policy.FirebaseWe use Google Firebase to manage user authentication and to store shipping information.
When you create a user account Firebase stores your email address and password.
When you order a shipment Firebase stores your full name, email address and postal address.
For more information, please refer to Google’s privacy policy.ipstackWe use ipstack to provide geolocation data, based on your IP address.Your right to complain with a supervisory authorityIf you are unhappy with the way in which your personal data has been processed, you may, in the first instance, contact dpo@ntslive.co.uk
If you remain dissatisfied, then you have the right to apply directly to your national supervisory authority for a decision.
The supervisory authorities can be contacted at:
United Kingdom – https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
This privacy notice is published on 22 May 2018.
