

Prices:
 All prices are in U.S.
dollars.
Prices are subject to change without notice.
Orders will be invoiced at prices published at time of purchase.

Terms of Payment:
 Payment is required in full prior to shipping product.
We accept all major credit cards/debit cards.
MASTERCARD, VISA, AMERICAN EXPRESS, DISCOVER, and PAYPAL, as well as Cashiers Checks and Money Orders.

Taxes:
 Only Michigan Residents will be subject to 6% sales taxes.
nutritional supplements and food items are exempt from any tax. Copyright Information
© 1996-2020 Nu-Gen Nutrition, Inc.
All rights reserved.Nu-Gen Nutrition content may not be stored except for personal, noncommercial use.
Republication and redissemination of >Nu-Gen Nutrition content is expressly prohibited without the prior written permission of:
Nu-Gen Nutrition, Inc.

1409-H Allen Drive 
Troy, MI, 48083 
United States of America

Nu-Gen Nutrition assumes no responsibility for statements made in Nu-Gen Nutrition content, including but not limited to typographical errors or omissions, or statements regarding legal, tax, securities, insurance, and financial matters.
Qualified legal, tax, securities, insurance, and financial advisors should always be consulted before acting on any information concerning these fields.
Please contact Nu-Gen Nutrition for more information if you have any questions.
Copyright is a form of protection provided by the laws of the United States (title 17, U.
S.
Code) to the authors of "original works of authorship," including literary, dramatic, musical, artistic, and certain other intellectual works.
This protection is available to both published and unpublished works.
Section 106 of the 1976 Copyright Act generally gives the owner of copyright the exclusive right to do and to authorize others to do the following: To reproduce the work in copies or phonorecords.
To prepare derivative works based upon the work.
To distribute copies or phonorecords of the work to the public by sale or other transfer of ownership, or by rental, lease, or lending.
To perform the work publicly, in the case of literary, musical, dramatic, and choreographic works, pantomimes, and motion pictures and other audiovisual works.
To display the work publicly, in the case of literary, musical, dramatic, and choreographic works, pantomimes, and pictorial, graphic, or sculptural works, including the individual images of a motion picture or other audiovisual work.
and In the case of sound recordings*, to perform the work publicly by means of a digital audio transmission.
In addition, certain authors of works of visual art have the rights of attribution and integrity as described in section 106A of the 1976 Copyright Act.
For further information, request Circular 40, Copyright Registration for Works of the Visual Arts.
It is illegal for anyone to violate any of the rights provided by the copyright law to the owner of copyright.
These rights, however, are not unlimited in scope.
Sections 107 through 121 of the 1976 Copyright Act establish limitations on these rights.
In some cases, these limitations are specified exemptions from copyright liability.
One major limitation is the doctrine of "fair use," which is given a statutory basis in section 107 of the 1976 Copyright Act.
In other instances, the limitation takes the form of a "compulsory license" under which certain limited uses of copyrighted works are permitted upon payment of specified royalties and compliance with statutory conditions.
For further information about the limitations of any of these rights, consult the copyright law or write to the Copyright Office.

*Note: Sound recordings are defined in the law as "works that result from the fixation of a series of musical, spoken, or other sounds, but not including the sounds accompanying a motion picture or other audiovisual work." Common examples include recordings of music, drama, or lectures.
A sound recording is not the same as a phonorecord.
A phonorecord is the physical object in which works of authorship are embodied.
The word "phonorecord" includes cassette tapes, CDs, LPs, 45 r.p.m.
disks, as well as other formats.
