
        Cookie policyUpdated 6 October 2022
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website.
This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve it.
By continuing to browse our site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.What are cookies and web beacons?A cookie is a small text file which is downloaded onto your device when you access a website.
It allows the website to recognise your device and store some information about your preferences or past actions.
Some cookies are essential for the website to function as expected whereas others are optional.
A web beacon, also known as a web bug, pixel tag or clear GIF, is a clear graphic image (typically one pixel in size) which is delivered through a web browser or HTML e-mail.How you consent to us placing cookies and how to control themWhen you visit our site, you will see a pop-up, which invites users to accept the cookies on our site.
You can block cookies by activating the settings on the pop-up that allow you to accept just strictly necessary cookies or customise your choice.

However, if you choose to block all except strictly necessary cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site and your experience will be limited.
The cookies placed by our servers cannot access, read or modify any other data on your computer.
We may use web beacons alone or in conjunction with cookies to compile information about your usage of our site and interaction with emails from us.

For example, we may place web beacons in marketing emails that notify us when you click on a link in the email that directs you to our site, in order to improve our site and email communications.
You can manage your cookie settings using the Manage cookie settings link that can be found in the legal section of the website footer on every page.What do we use cookies for?We use the following categories of cookies on our site:Strictly necessary cookiesSecurity cookies
These are cookies, which are essential for the operation of our website.
For example, to ensure the security of our website we use CloudFlare services which require a cookie to be stored on your device.
Embedded content cookies
We rely on third party services for delivering video and other embedded learning content.
These include essential cookies from Mux Inc.Optional cookiesThese can be enabled/disabled using the Manage cookie settings link accessible via the website footer on every page.
Statistics cookies
These allow us to gather analytics on your usage of the Oak website.
This is important for us as it means we can find and fix bugs or usability issues, improve Oak resources in response to usage data and inform the future services we offer.
Typically we collect information such as a device's IP address, device screen size, device type, browser information, approximate geographic location, and the preferred language used to display our website.
We use third-party services from PostHog, New Relic, BugSnag, Hotjar, HubSpot and Gleap to enable this part of our website functionality.Cookies on the Help CentreOur Help Centre (support.thenational.academy), hosted by a third party provider (Hubspot), allows us to offer users access to support documentation and FAQ articles, and to report an issue or feedback via a form.
Cookie settings on support.thenational.academy and more information about these cookies can be accessed via the cookie banner or the Cookie Settings link near the footer on all Help Centre pages.Third party cookiesWe are committed to trying to help people we think we can support, find and use our website.
Our site and services may contain links to other websites including share and/or “like” buttons.
These other websites and services may set their own cookies on your devices, collect data or solicit personal information.

You should refer to their cookie and privacy policies to understand how your information may be collected and/or used.
Some third party software utilises its own cookies over which we have little or no control and we cannot be held responsible for the protection of any information you provide when visiting those sites.

Any external websites or apps linked to our website are not covered by this policy or our data protection policy or privacy notices.
To find out about these cookies, please visit the third party’s website.
If you require any further information or have any questions, comments or requests regarding this policy and/or our use of Cookies, please contact privacy@thenational.academy
