
        Terms and conditionsUpdated 25 August 2022
If you continue to browse or use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use.
The terms “Oak”, “us” and “we” refer to the owner of the website.
The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms and conditions, which we can update at any time without notice:

We are continually striving to improve our website and it is being updated all the time.
We can change or remove content at any time without notice.
Oak grants you a revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to use Oak’s lessons hosted on thenational.academy solely for non-commercial educational purposes, strictly in accordance with these terms and conditions.
Where Oak allows, lessons (consisting of slides, quizzes, and worksheets) may be downloaded by the user for the aforementioned purposes.
however, no license is granted for the download, recording or reproduction of lesson videos for any reason.
The contents of the pages of this website are for your general information and use only.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose.
You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable.
It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information made available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material, which is owned by or licensed to us.
This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics of our website.
Reproduction is strictly prohibited, other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
Unauthorised use of this website may lead to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites, as well as links to blogs and social media platforms.
We provide these links for your convenience.
They do not signify that we endorse the website, blog or social media platform and we have no responsibility for the content of the linked websites, blogs and/or social media platforms.
Whilst we welcome you linking your own website or organisation to this website (or providing a link to this website in your documentation), you must NOT:
charge for access or use of materials found on our website;
say your organisation or website is associated with or endorsed by us;
license, sell, rent, lease, assign or otherwise commercially exploit any lessons or other products which appear on our website.


Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use is subject to the law of England.

If you have any questions, comments or requests, or require further information, please contact help@thenational.academy
