
 Welcome to the Ocado mobile app.
Please read and accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use to continue.
 Privacy Policy and Terms of Use  By using the Ocado mobile app, you agree to be bound by the Ocado mobile app Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
To use the Ocado mobile app you must be a registered customer of Ocado (you can register at www.ocado.com), and your use of the Ocado mobile app is also subject to the Privacy Policy and Terms &amp.
Conditions on the Ocado website.
 Privacy Policy  This policy applies to your use of the Ocado mobile app and tells you how Ocado Retail Limited and/or members of its group (’Ocado’) uses and protects the information the Ocado mobile app collects.

 When you use the Ocado mobile app, Ocado will collect and store on its server information about how you use the Ocado mobile app.
Ocado collects this information in order to operate the Ocado mobile app and to improve the Ocado mobile app and the service Ocado offers you.


 Security.
 The security of your information is very important to Ocado.
Any sensitive information (such as your username, password or QuickPIN) you enter into the Ocado mobile app is either not stored on your device at all or is only stored on your device for the duration of that session.
All information sent from your device to our servers is encrypted using SSL encryption.
As a further precaution, it is not possible to insert or amend your delivery address or payment card details via the Ocado mobile app.
This can only be done by logging into your account at www.ocado.com.
At checkout, the Ocado mobile app only displays the last 4 digits of the card number on your registered payment card.
This is to enable you to identify the card you are using to pay for your goods.


 Uninstall.
 You can uninstall the Ocado mobile app by pressing and holding the Ocado mobile app icon for a few seconds, pressing the cross that appears and then responding to the confirmation prompt.
 Terms of Use 
 Ocado Mobile App Use .
Ocado Retail Limited (’Ocado’) grants you the right to use the Ocado mobile app for your personal, non-commercial use only (except that registered business account customers may use the Ocado mobile app to order goods in accordance with Ocado’s Terms &amp.
Conditions and these Terms of Use).
You may not modify, copy, publish, licence or sell any information or software associated with the Ocado mobile app.
You may not rent, lease or otherwise transfer rights to the Ocado mobile app.
You may not use the Ocado mobile app in any manner that could impair the Ocado website or Ocado’s operations in any way or interfere with any party’s use or enjoyment of the Ocado website.
You agree that you will use the Ocado mobile app in compliance with all applicable laws.
Your right to use the Ocado mobile app will terminate immediately if you violate any provision of these Terms of Use.


 Prices.
 Using your phone’s mobile data or wifi connection, we endeavour to regularly synchronise prices, special offers and promotions on the Ocado mobile app with the prices and offers in our catalogue.
Occasionally, however, the Ocado mobile app prices, special offers and promotions may not be up to date.
With the exception of certain goods which are not priced until they are picked for you, all prices, special offers and promotions of items in your basket will be fully updated before you checkout and we will send you an email to confirm the price of your shopping basket.
If there is a discrepancy, the prices shown in the email shall take precedence over the prices shown on the Ocado mobile app application.
Please see the website Terms &amp.
Conditions for information on our pricing policy, including the way in which we charge you for goods which are not priced until they are picked for you.


 Contracting Party.
 The Ocado mobile app is provided to you by Ocado Retail Limited, with registered address at Apollo Court, 2 Bishop Square, Hatfield Business Park, Hatfield, Hertfordshire, AL10 9EX.


 Intellectual Property.
 You acknowledge that Ocado owns all rights, title and interest in and to the Ocado mobile app, and in the material produced in it, including all rights under patent, copyright or trademark and any and all other proprietary rights, including all applications, renewals, extensions and restorations thereof.
You agree not to modify, adapt, translate, prepare derivative works from, decompile, reverse-engineer, disassemble or otherwise attempt to derive source code from the Ocado mobile app.


 No Warranties.
 Ocado disclaims responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of the Ocado mobile app.
Ocado on the Go is provided ’as is’ and Ocado expressly excludes to the fullest extent permitted by law all conditions, warranties and other terms whether express or implied by statute, common law or the law of equity, including without limitation the warranties of fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement of proprietary rights, and any warranties regarding the security, reliability, timeliness and performance of the Ocado mobile app.
You agree that you download and use the Ocado mobile app at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damages to your computer system or mobile device or loss of data that results from the download or use of the Ocado mobile app.


 Limitation of Liability.
 Ocado shall not be liable for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user in connection with the use, misuse, inability to use or results of the use of the Ocado mobile app (including resulting from the interruption, suspension, or termination of the Ocado mobile app) or any websites linked to it, including, without limitation any liability for loss of income, loss of business, loss of profits, loss of data, loss of data or wasted management or office time, whether such claim is based on tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise (even if foreseeable).
This limitation shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Nothing in these Terms of Use shall limit or exclude Ocado's liability for fraudulent misrepresentation, for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence or the negligence of our agents or employees or for any other liability that cannot be limited or excluded under applicable law.


 Indemnification.
 You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Ocado and its officers, directors, shareholders, agents and employees, from any claim made by any third party due to or arising directly or indirectly out of your conduct or in connection with your use of the Ocado mobile app, any alleged violation of these Terms of Use, and any alleged violation of any applicable law or regulation.


 Software or Policy Changes.
 Ocado reserves the right to change or update the Ocado mobile app, the Privacy Policy or these Terms of Use at any time.
Changes to the Ocado mobile app will take effect upon installation of the relevant update.
The Privacy Policy and these Terms of Use were last updated on 5 August 2019.
 Contact Us  If you have any questions about Ocado’s Privacy Policy or these Terms of Use, please address them to the Legal Department at Ocado’s address listed above.

 Back to top 
