



 SERVICES 
 Red Team 
 Risk Management 
 Cyber Strategy 
 Application Security 
 Training 


 PRODUCTS 
 Compliance Engine 


 LABS 
 BLOG 
 ABOUT 
 Support 
 Careers 
 Contact Us 


 CONTACT US terms-of-use Terms of Use These Terms and Conditions of Use (the "Terms of Use") apply to the Ockom, Inc.
Web site located at www.ockom.io and all associated sites linked to www.ockom.io by Ockom, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates, including Ockom, Inc.
Sites around the world (collectively, the "Site").
The Site is the property of Ockom, Inc.
Inc.
("Ockom") and its licensors.
By using the site, you agree to these terms of use.
if you do not agree, do not use the site.
You may not use any "deep-link", "page-scrape", "robot", "spider" or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of the Site or any content, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Site or any content, to obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents or information through any means not purposely made available through the Site.
Ockom reserves the right to bar any such activity.
You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of the Site, or any other systems or networks connected to the Site or to any Ockom server, or to any of the services offered on or through the Site, by hacking, password "mining" or any other illegitimate means.You may not probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the Site or any network connected to the Site, nor breach the security or authentication measures on the Site or any network connected to the Site.
You may not reverse look-up, trace or seek to trace any information on any other user of or visitor to the Site, or any other customer of Ockom, including any Ockom account not owned by you, to its source, or exploit the Site or any service or information made available or offered by or through the Site, in any way where the purpose is to reveal any information, including but not limited to personal identification or information, other than your own information, as provided for by the Site.
You agree that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of the Site or Ockom’s systems or networks, or any systems or networks connected to the Site or to Ockom.
You agree not to use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site or any transaction being conducted on the Site, or with any other person’s use of the Site.
You may not forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any message or transmittal you send to Ockom on or through the Site or any service offered on or through the Site.
You may not pretend that you are, or that you represent, someone else, or impersonate any other individual or entity.
Ockom reserves the right to individually ban you from the Site and pursue offensive cyber tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTP’s) against you if you violate these terms because of failure to read.You may not use the Site or any Content for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use, or to solicit the performance of any illegal activity or other activity which infringes the rights of Ockom or others. US: Denver, ColoradoServing clients globally ﻿US: +1 904 414 3015EU: +370 5 210 0255info [at] ockom.io ﻿RESOURCES ﻿SUPPORT
CAREERS
CONTACT LEG﻿AL ﻿PRIVACY
TERMS OF USE
DISCLOSURE POLICY


 Tor Chat Signal Chat Share by: 
      