
        PRODUCTS



OCULUS QUEST 2
ALL-IN-ONE VR


OCULUS RIFT S
PC VR GAMING


ACCESSORIES
UPGRADE YOUR VR
COMPARE HEADSETS

APPS &amp.
GAMESSUPPORT










Legal DocumentsFacebook Terms of ServiceSupplemental Oculus Terms of ServiceFacebook Data PolicySupplemental Oculus Data PolicyCookies, Pixels, and Other TechnologiesOculus Store TermsOculus Terms of ServiceSpecial Provisions Applicable to Users Residing in GermanyOculus Privacy PolicyOculus Go/Gear VR Content Refund PolicyOculus Rift/Quest Content Refund PolicyOculus Store Credit TermsOculus Promotional Offer TermsOculus Video TermsLimited Consumer WarrantyLegal Compliance and DisclosuresConflict Minerals PolicyHealth and Safety WarningsOculus Developer Hub NoticesMusic GuidelinesThird Party NoticesProduct Information Sheet - Oculus Quest 2Product Information Sheet - Oculus QuestProduct Information Sheet - Oculus Go
 Facebook Terms of Service 
 Supplemental Oculus Terms of Service 
 Facebook Data Policy 
 Supplemental Oculus Data Policy 
 Cookies, Pixels, and Other Technologies 
 Oculus Store Terms 
 Oculus Terms of Service 
 Special Provisions Applicable to Users Residing in Germany 
 Oculus Privacy Policy 
 Oculus Go/Gear VR Content Refund Policy 
 Oculus Rift/Quest Content Refund Policy 
 Oculus Store Credit Terms 
 Oculus Promotional Offer Terms 
 Oculus Video Terms 
 Limited Consumer Warranty 
 Legal Compliance and Disclosures 
 Conflict Minerals Policy 
 Health and Safety Warnings 
 Oculus Developer Hub Notices 
 Music Guidelines 
 Third Party Notices 
 Product Information Sheet - Oculus Quest 2 
 Product Information Sheet - Oculus Quest 
 Product Information Sheet - Oculus Go 


 About Us 
Supplemental Oculus Data Policy
If you use an Oculus account (not a Facebook account) to access Oculus Products, please visit the Oculus Privacy Policy to learn more about how we collect, use, and share your information.
Otherwise, this Supplemental Oculus Data Policy applies to your use of Oculus Products.
Please visit our Frequently Asked Questions about merging your accounts for more information.


Effective Date: October 11, 2020

Facebook makes virtual, mixed, and augmented reality (“XR”) hardware and software products and operates a platform where users can download, interact with, and submit content and obtain services related to or in connection with our XR products (collectively, “Oculus Products”).
The Oculus Products include our websites, mobile apps, games, platform, content, hardware and services as described in the Supplemental Oculus Terms of Service and any product or service that links to this Supplemental Oculus Data Policy.
For Facebook Account users, Oculus Products are Facebook Product.
The Facebook Data Policy describes the information we process to support Facebook Products (as defined in the Facebook Data Policy), including Oculus Products and other Facebook Products available on the Oculus Products.
This Supplemental Oculus Data Policy supplements the Facebook Data Policy by explaining the additional information we collect, use, and share on our Oculus Products.

What kind of information do we collect?


 In addition to the information described in the Facebook Data Policy under “What kinds of information do we collect?”, we collect the following categories of information when you use Oculus Products: 

Physical Features: We collect information about your physical features and dimensions, such as your estimated hand size when you enable hand tracking.

Content: We collect content you create using Oculus Products, such as your avatar, a picture you post, an object you sculpt, or audio content you create, and information about this content, such as the date and time you created the content.

Cookies and Similar Technologies: We receive information collected in or through various technologies on Oculus Products, including cookies, pixels, local storage, and similar technologies.
Learn more about how we use these technologies on our websites and mobile apps in the Oculus Cookies Policy.

Interactions: We collect information about the features you interact with on our Oculus Products.
For example, we receive information about your Oculus Browser usage, such as interactions with recommended pages, which browser features you use, crash reporting data, and other statistics related to your Oculus Browser.
You can learn more about how we collect and use information from other features you interact with on the Oculus Products in our Oculus Privacy FAQ.

Environmental, Dimensions and Movement Data: We collect information about your environment, physical movements, and dimensions when you use an XR device.
For example, when you set up the Oculus Guardian System to alert you when you approach a boundary, we receive information about the play area that you have defined.
and when you enable the hand tracking feature, we collect technical information like your estimated hand size and hand movement data to enable this feature.

Information From Third Parties: We receive information about you from third parties, including third party apps, developers, other online content providers, and marketing partners.
For example, we receive information from developers about your achievements in their app and share that information with your friends on Oculus.
We also collect content and information that other people provide when they use Oculus Products.
This can include information about you, like when they send us an abuse report that refers to or contains video of you.

Technical System Information: we collect technical system information such as crash logs which may contain your user ID, device ID, IP address, local computer file path, feature quality, amount of time it takes to load a feature, and whether you use a certain feature.




How do we use this information?


 We use information we collect when you use Oculus Products for the purposes described in the Facebook Data Policy under “How do we use this information?”, including to provide, personalize and improve the Facebook Products (including seamless integration between the Facebook Products), to provide measurement, analytics, and other business services (including ads), to promote safety, integrity and security, to communicate with you, and to research and innovate for social good.
In addition to these purposes, we use the information we collect when you use Oculus Products in the following ways: 

To power social features: We use information from Oculus Products to provide user-to-user communications and other social services across the Facebook Products, including identifying and connecting you with your friends (or people you recently interacted with in an experience) through Oculus Products.

To offer and improve XR features: We use information from the Oculus Products to improve and develop aspects of our services, such as hand tracking.
When you enable the hand tracking feature, we collect technical information like hand tracking quality, the amount of time it takes to detect your hands, and the number of pinches you make to improve and troubleshoot this feature.




How is this information shared?


 In addition to the sharing of information described in the Facebook Data Policy under “How is this information shared?”, we share the information we collect when you use Oculus Products in the following ways: 

Information that you make public:

Certain information you post to your VR profile, such as your Oculus ID (also known as your username), and Oculus avatar, will be public and visible to people on and off the Oculus Products.
Your Oculus ID is a unique identifier you choose to identify yourself on our Oculus Products.
Information you post to public areas on the Oculus Products, such as a forum, blog, or other community tool, will also be visible to people on and off of the Oculus Products.
If you post information to these interactive features, it will be publicly available.
Certain information associated with your public posts, such as the time of your post, also will be published and publicly available.
If you enter a public virtual space, others can see your avatar just as they would see you in a real-world public space.
This means your avatar may appear in pictures, recordings, or live streams that users around you take and share, so you should consider whom you interact with and how you conduct yourself.



Third party apps, developers, and other online content providers on Oculus:

 You can interact with third-party content, games, apps, and other experiences through our Oculus Products.
We share information about you with these partners so they can provide you with the experiences you've requested, such as: 
Information in your VR profile and about how you use our Oculus Products.
For example, we make available to third party developers a list of your friends who also use the developer’s app so they can offer to pair you in a game or other experience within their app, or rank your scores and achievements in that app against your friends’ scores and achievements.
We also share information about individual abuse reports or abuse statistics on our Oculus Products, so we can help develop a safe and enjoyable XR ecosystem.
Information about your interaction with the third-party service, such as how long you have interacted with content.
Any other information you choose to share with the third party.


Third-party content providers may also collect information from you directly through the experiences they provide.
Please note that any information you share with these (or other) third parties will be subject to those third parties’ own privacy policies, not this one.



Information you provide when playing online:

When you use online multi-user apps, your activity and other information you provide (including avatar, in-app profile information, in-app activity) are visible to all.
It can be collected, copied, recorded, livestreamed by other users, shared on and off Oculus Products, and submitted to us in order to report abuse, combat harmful conduct, and protect and support our community.
Please consider carefully who you share information with and make sure your available privacy settings reflect your preferences.



Sharing within related companies:

We share information with related companies, including other Facebook Companies as described in the Facebook Data Policy under “How do the Facebook Companies work together?”.
We also share your information with Facebook Technologies, LLC and Facebook Technologies Ireland Limited to conduct and support research and innovation to further the state of the art or academic understanding of XR technology.
We also share information with Facebook Technologies Ireland Limited to process your payment and detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues if you buy something on or through the Oculus Products in accordance with the Oculus Store Terms.






How can you exercise your rights provided under the GDPR?

Under the GDPR, you have the right to access, rectify, port and erase your information and object to or restrict certain processing of your information that we collect through Oculus Products by visiting your Oculus Privacy Center.
You also have the right to object to and restrict certain processing of your data.
This includes: 

the right to object to our processing of your data for direct marketing.
and
the right to object to our processing of your data where we are performing a task in the public interest or pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party.


What is our legal basis for processing data?

We collect, use and share the data that we have in the ways described above:

as necessary to fulfill the Supplemental Oculus Terms of Service and the Facebook Terms of Service;
consistent with your consent, which you may revoke at any time;
as necessary to comply with our legal obligations;
to protect your vital interests, or those of others;
as necessary in the public interest.
and
as necessary for our (or others') legitimate interests, unless those interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms that require protection of personal data.

Learn more about these legal bases and how they relate to the ways in which we process data.

Further information and how to contact Facebook with questions

The data controller responsible for your information is Facebook Ireland Ltd.
which you can contact online or by post at:
Facebook Ireland Limited ATTN:
Privacy Operations
4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour
Dublin 2, Ireland
You may also contact the Data Protection Officer for Facebook Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with our lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commissioner or with your local supervisory authority.

QUEST 2
RIFT S
ACCESSORIES
APPS &amp.
GAMES
SUPPORT
DEVELOPERS
OCULUS FOR BUSINESS
ALL PRODUCTS



Quest 2


Rift S


Accessories


Quest


Go


Rift

MORE OCULUS



Forums


Blog


VR for Good


Creators


Download SDKs

ABOUT



Careers


Facebook Connect


Research























English (US)

Privacy
Legal
©&nbsp.
Facebook Technologies, LLC.
