
        PRODUCTS



OCULUS QUEST 2
ALL-IN-ONE VR


OCULUS RIFT S
PC VR GAMING


ACCESSORIES
UPGRADE YOUR VR
COMPARE HEADSETS

APPS &amp.
GAMESSUPPORT










Legal Documents
 Facebook Terms of Service 
 Supplemental Oculus Terms of Service 
 Facebook Data Policy 
 Supplemental Oculus Data Policy 
 Cookies, Pixels, and Other Technologies 
 Oculus Store Terms 
 Oculus Terms of Service 
 Special Provisions Applicable to Users Residing in Germany 
 Oculus Privacy Policy 
 Oculus Go/Gear VR Content Refund Policy 
 Oculus Rift/Quest Content Refund Policy 
 Oculus Store Credit Terms 
 Oculus Promotional Offer Terms 
 Oculus Video Terms 
 Limited Consumer Warranty 
 Legal Compliance and Disclosures 
 Conflict Minerals Policy 
 Health and Safety Warnings 
 Oculus Developer Hub Notices 
 Music Guidelines 
 Third Party Notices 
 Product Information Sheet - Oculus Quest 2 
 Product Information Sheet - Oculus Quest 
 Product Information Sheet - Oculus Go 


 About Us 
Oculus Cookie Policy
Date of Last Revision: October 11, 2020

Cookies are small pieces of text used to store information on web browsers.
Cookies are used to store and receive identifiers and other information on computers, phones, and other devices.
Other storage technologies are used for similar purposes, such as storing data on your web browser or device, placing identifiers on your device and other software.
In this policy, we refer to all of these technologies as "cookies."
We use cookies if you access and use Oculus websites, Oculus Browser or Oculus mobile apps (“Oculus Services”).
Cookies enable us to offer Oculus Services to you and to understand the information we receive about you, whether or not you are registered or logged in.
This policy explains how we use cookies and the choices you have.
Except as otherwise stated in this policy, the Supplemental Oculus Data Policy or the Oculus Privacy Policy (as applicable) will apply to our processing of the data we collect via cookies.

Why do we use cookies?

Cookies help us provide, protect and improve the Oculus Services, such as by remembering your choices and settings, personalizing content, tailoring and measuring ads, and providing a safer experience.
While the cookies that we use may change from time to time as we improve and update the Oculus Services, we use them for the following purposes:



Authentication

We use cookies to verify your account and determine when you're logged in so we can make it easier for you to access the Oculus Services and show you the appropriate experience and features.



For example: We use cookies to keep you logged in as you navigate between Oculus webpages.
Cookies also help us remember your browser so you do not have to keep logging into your account when you are browsing the Oculus website.





Security, site and integrity

We use cookies to help us keep your account, data and the Oculus Services safe and secure.



For example: Cookies can help us identify and impose additional security measures when someone may be attempting to access an Oculus account without authorization, for instance, by rapidly guessing different passwords.
We also use cookies to store information that allows us to recover your account in the event that you forget your password or to require additional authentication if you tell us that your account has been hacked.


We also use cookies to combat activity that violates our policies or otherwise degrades our ability to provide the Oculus Services.



For example: Cookies help us fight spam and phishing attacks by enabling us to identify computers that are used to create large numbers of fake Oculus accounts.






Advertising, recommendations, insights and measurement

Cookies are used to help show you relevant content and ads, and to measure the performance of ad campaigns, including on third-party websites.



For example: Cookies allow us to help deliver ads about Oculus and recommend products and services based on your activity on the Oculus Services.





Providing features and remembering preferences

We use cookies to remember your settings and preferences and to enable the functionality that helps us provide the Oculus Services.



For example: Cookies help us store preferences and provide you with customized content and experiences.
For instance, cookies allow us to remember your language choice and locale.





Performance

We use cookies to provide you with the best experience possible.



For example: Cookies help us route traffic between servers and understand how quickly our Oculus Services load for different people.
Cookies also help us record the ratio and dimensions of your screen and windows and know whether you've enabled high-contrast mode, so that we can render our sites and apps correctly.





Analytics and research

We use cookies to better understand how people use the Oculus Services so that we can improve them.



For example: Cookies can help us understand how people use the Oculus Services, analyze which parts of the Oculus Services people find most useful and engaging, and identify features that could be improved.





Do other parties use cookies in connection with the Oculus Services?

Yes, other parties may use cookies on the Oculus Services for the purposes described above.
For example, our measurement partners use cookies on the Oculus Services to help us understand the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns and to compare the performance of those campaigns to ads displayed on other websites and apps.
Learn more about the companies that use cookies on the Oculus Services.

How can you control our use of cookies?

You have a number of options to control or limit how we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies, including for advertising.


Although most browsers and devices accept cookies by default, their settings usually allow you to clear, configure or decline disable cookies.
Follow the instructions provided by your website or mobile browser (usually located within the "Help", "Tools" or "Edit" facility) to modify your cookie settings.
Please note that if you set your browser to disable cookies or other technologies, you may not be able to access certain parts of the Oculus Services and other parts of our Oculus Services may not function properly.


Check your mobile device settings that control ads based on your interactions with the applications on your device.
For example, on your iOS device, you can enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting, and on your Android device, you can enable the “Opt out of Ads Personalization” setting.


To turn off sharing usage statistics and crash reports from your Oculus Browser, click Settings in Oculus Browser and toggle the switch next to Analytics to Off.


To prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics, you can install Google’s opt out browser add-on.
To opt out of ads on Facebook, Pinterest or Google that are targeted to your interests, you can adjust your Facebook, Pinterest or Google ads settings.
For information on managing Flash cookies, please visit the Adobe Flash Player website.
Your browser’s privacy controls may enable you to manage other types of local storage.


For information on how our advertising partners allow you to opt out of receiving ads based on your web browsing history, please visit https://optout.aboutads.info.
European users may opt out of receiving targeted advertising through the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance.
For more information, please visit https://youronlinechoices.eu.



More information about online advertising:

The advertising companies we work with generally use cookies and similar technologies as part of their services.
To learn more about how advertisers generally use cookies and the choices they offer, you can review the following resources:


Digital Advertising Alliance


Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada


European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance

APPENDIX 1
List of Companies

Listed below are the names and websites of some of the companies that use cookies on the Oculus Services.

Last update: October 11, 2020

Company
Website
Bing
https://www.bing.com/
DoubleClick
https://www.doubleclickbygoogle.com
Google
https://www.google.com
Tealium
https://www.tealium.com/APPENDIX 2
Browser cookies

To provide the Oculus Services, we store cookies on your browser.
Below, you can find more information about the cookies that we use.
The cookies that we use include session cookies, which are deleted when you close your browser, and persistent cookies, which stay on your browser until they expire or you delete them.
We occasionally make changes, so the specific cookies we're using may vary from what's described below.

Last update: October 11, 2020


Persistent cookies

Authentication
Name
Expiration
Contents
Purpose
oc_www_at Cookie
30 days
Access token
Oculus platform www access token
c_user
90 days
User ID
Used to authenticate your identity to the Oculus Services
oc_rt Cookie
30 days
SSO refresh token
Oculus platform refresh token for single sign on authentication
Security, site and product integrity
Name
Expiration
Contents
Purpose
datr
2 years
Browser identifier and timestamp
Used to identify browsers for purposes of security and site integrity, including for account recovery, and identification of potentially compromised accounts.
sb Cookie
2 years
Browser identifier and time stamp
Identifies browser for login authentication purposes
Advertising and measurement
Name
Expiration
Contents
Purpose
_fbp
90 days
Subdomain index, timestamp, random number
Used to identify the browser used to access the Oculus Services for the purposes of providing advertising and site analytics services
Site features and services
Name
Expiration
Contents
Purpose
locale Cookie
7 days
Locale string (e.g.
en_US)
Used to identify the country and chosen language of the last logged in user of the browser or the international domain used to access Oculus
cart_id Cookie
session
Serialised ID based on large random secret
Used to keep track of all the items that a customer is looking to purchase
Performance
Name
Expiration
Contents
Purpose
wd Cookie
7 days
Screen or window dimensions
Allows delivery of optimal experience for user's screen
dpr
7 days
Numeric value between 1 and 2 indicating device pixel ratio
Allows delivery of optimal experience for user's screen
Analytics and research
Name
Expiration
Contents
Purpose
oa
1 year
Browser identifier and time stamp
Identifies browsers for purpose of Oculus analytics and measurement

Session cookies

Category
Cookies
Authentication
oc_ac_at, oc_ac_guest_at, oc_rs_a_rd, oc_rs_at
Security, site and product integrity
oa_st
Site features and services
dev_sidebar_state
Analytics and research
www_ustc

QUEST 2
RIFT S
ACCESSORIES
APPS &amp.
GAMES
SUPPORT
DEVELOPERS
OCULUS FOR BUSINESS
ALL PRODUCTS



Quest 2


Rift S


Accessories


Quest


Go


Rift

MORE OCULUS



Forums


Blog


VR for Good


Creators


Download SDKs

ABOUT



Careers


Facebook Connect


Research
























Privacy
Legal
©&nbsp.
Facebook Technologies, LLC.
