

 Menu 
 Home 
 Features 
 Downloads 
 FAQ 
 Pricing 




 Log in Sign up JavaScript is disabled.
For a better experience, please enable JavaScript in your browser before proceeding.
Privacy Policy Last updated: Jan 29, 2020.
 VPN - What is not logged.

 1.
IP addresses

2.
DNS requests

3.
Traffic

4.
User bandwidth and data transfer

5.
Any usage activity


We do not log or monitor any user activity on our VPN.
Everything you do whilst connected to our VPN is anonymous and not logged or viewed by us.

 VPN - What is monitored.

 1.
Server CPU usage

2.
Server RAM usage

3.
Region bandwidth

4.
Current connections


In order for our network to run efficiently and to give customers the best possible experience, we must monitor our hardware and bandwidth usage.
We use this information to purchase more resources if we find the server resources exceed 80% of their capacity.


We monitor the amount of connection(s) from your account to our network as we allow a maximum of six devices to be concurrently connected by each customer.
We don't keep a historical log of connect / disconnect times AKA 'Connect / Disconnect Time Stamps'.

 Website / Account - What is stored or monitored.

 1.
Account status (paid or inactive)

2.
Account settings

3.
Payment processors

4.
Account e-mail

5.
Website login attempts

6.
*Support tickets

7.
Matomo information


In order for us to provide a service to our customers, we must be able to know if the customer has an active account or not.
We store this information in order to provide service to our customers.


We do store, in our database, your account settings and preferences.
This is used for your account to function as intended.
DNS settings, port forwarding settings, adblock settings, etc are stored in order for your account to function.
None of these settings allow you to be identified.


We use Stripe and Paypal to process our customers Paypal and credit card payments.
We do not store payment details on our website.
Our payment processors log everything they can about you.
We do not have control over their logging.
If you do not want your VPN purchase tied to you, please pay by Crypto or by sending money in the mail.
We use Coinbase to process Crypto payments.


Account e-mail is used to notify customers when their support ticket has been replied to.
E-mail is also used for resetting customer passwords and notifying customers if our Terms of service and / or Privacy policy has changed.


The amount of times you attempt to login to our website is temporarily stored for security reasons.
This is to prevent brute force attacks.
If an account login is incorrectly attempted multiple times, the account has a 15 minute login block placed on it.


*In order to provide support to our customers we keep our support tickets in our website's database.
Once the ticket has been concluded (closed) the ticket is automatically deleted from our database after 48 hours.


We use self-hosted software to monitor how visitors use our website in order to improve it.
The software we use is Matomo.
We do not share this data with third parties.

 Cookies 
 1.
oe_csrf - Stores a token, unique to you, which is used to verify that the actions you perform on this site were intended to be performed by you.

2.
oe_user - Stores a key, unique to you, which allows us to keep you logged in to the website as you navigate from page to page.

3.
oe_session - Stores the current ID of your session.


We use cookies for registration and maintaining your preferences and settings.
This includes ensuring that you can stay logged in, make a payment, update your account, etc.


We also use cookies for Matomo.
This allows us to determine how visitors are using the site and how we can improve it.
 Navigation 
Home
Features
Downloads
Faq
Pricing
 Oeck 
News
Articles
Network Graphs
Manual
Community
 Manage 
Account
Device Profiles
Subscription
Reset Password
 Legal &amp.
Other 
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Warrant Canary
About Us
Contact Us
 Copyright © 2020 Oeck Limited.
All rights reserved.
 CRN: 2845103 
      