

 Menu 
 Home 
 Features 
 Downloads 
 FAQ 
 Pricing 




 Log in Sign up JavaScript is disabled.
For a better experience, please enable JavaScript in your browser before proceeding.
Terms of Service Last updated: Sep 14, 2020.
 Acceptance 
 This Terms of Service document (the “Terms”) outlines the terms and conditions of use of the services (the “Services” or “Service”) provided by Oeck Limited (“Us" or "We” or "Oeck" or "Oeck Limited").
By using this site and making use of the Services, the Customer ("You") agree to abide by the following Terms.

By creating an account You represent that You are at least eighteen years of age.

 Acceptable Use Policy 
 You agree that We may terminate your account, without providing a refund for services already paid, if you misuse the Service.


In using our Services, you agree not to:


1.
Upload, download, post, reproduce, or distribute illegal content including, but not limited to, sexual or explicit depictions of minors.

2.
Attempt to access, probe, or connect to computing devices without proper authorization (i.e., any form of “hacking”).

3.
Upload, download, post, reproduce, or distribute any content protected by copyright or any other proprietary right without first having obtained permission from the owner of the proprietary content.

4.
Send or transmit unsolicited advertisements or content (i.e., “spam").

5.
Use the service for anything other than lawful purposes.

6.
Use the Service in a way that interferes with or poses a risk to our network or other customers’ service.

 Refunds 
 Oeck offers a seven-day period at the start of every billing cycle (every time You complete a transaction with Us) that allows You to receive a full refund of Your transaction.


In order for the refund to be valid, you must contact Oeck via a support ticket within seven days of your payment and ask for a refund.


Requests made after seven days from the start of the billing cycle for 1 Month subscriptions will not be valid and no refund will be issued.


6 Month, 12 Month and 24 Month subscriptions can be cancelled any time after the seven-day period but time already used will be charged at $9.95 per month, including for the month the refund request was made.


7 Day subscriptions are not entitled to a refund 48 hours after purchase.


You are entitled to a maximum of one refund every twelve months.

 Limited warranties and liability 
 You agree to not hold Oeck responsible nor to seek indemnification for any damages whatsoever resulting from the use of the Service.


We do not control, nor are we responsible for anything that you do while using the Service.

 Disclaimers 
 Oeck will attempt to prevent interruptions and defects of the Service.
Despite our best efforts, the Service is provided on an "as is", "as available" basis and We do not give or make any warranty or representation of any kind, whether express or implied.

 Indemnification 
 You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Oeck , its officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, actions or demands, including without limitation reasonable legal and accounting fees, alleging or resulting from your use of the Service.
 Navigation 
Home
Features
Downloads
Faq
Pricing
 Oeck 
News
Articles
Network Graphs
Manual
Community
 Manage 
Account
Device Profiles
Subscription
Reset Password
 Legal &amp.
Other 
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Warrant Canary
About Us
Contact Us
 Copyright © 2020 Oeck Limited.
All rights reserved.
 CRN: 2845103 
      