
         Terms of use Add to Your Pages 
 Intellectual property rightsAll material either on Ofcom's website or provided by Ofcom in hard copy is owned by Ofcom or is licensed to Ofcom and is protected by copyright, trade marks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws.
The Ofcom logo is a registered trademark.
If you wish to reproduce the Ofcom logo please ask our permission first.
Unless indicated as Crown owned material or otherwise, the material featured on this website or provided in hard copy may be reproduced free of charge in any format or medium provided that it is reproduced accurately and not used in a misleading context.
The material must be acknowledged as Ofcom copyright and the title of the document/publication specified.
As to the use of Crown-owned material, please refer to HMSO website.
Any enquiries regarding the material on this website should use this form, or be addressed by letter to Ofcom, 2a Southwark Bridge Road, London SE1 9HA.
Â© Ofcom copyright 2006-16.DisclaimerWhile every reasonable effort is made to ensure that the information provided on this site is accurate, no guarantees for the currency or accuracy of information are made.
Ofcom's website and material relating to information, products and services (or to third party information, products and services), is provided 'as is'.
It is provided without any representation or endorsement made and without warranty of any kind, whether express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy.
Ofcom does not accept any responsibility for any loss, disruption or damage to your data or your computer system which may occur whilst using material derived from this website.
Ofcom does not warrant that the functions contained in the material in this site will be uninterrupted or error free.
Also, Ofcom does not warrant that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available is free of viruses or represent the full functionality, accuracy, and reliability of the materials.
In no event will Ofcom be liable for any loss or damage including, without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damages whatsoever arising from use or loss of use of, data or profits arising out of or in connection with the use of Ofcom's website.
These Terms and Conditions shall be covered by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.
Any dispute arising under these Terms and Conditions shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.HyperlinkingYou do not have to ask permission to link directly to the web pages hosted on this website.
However, Ofcom does not permit its pages to be loaded into frames on your website, as Ofcom's pages must load into the user's entire window.
Ofcom links to other websites but is not responsible for the content or reliability of these sites.
Linking should not be taken as endorsement of any kind of the website linked to, including any products and services referred to in that website, nor does it imply that there is an association between Ofcom and the operators of that website.
Ofcom cannot guarantee that these links will work all of the time and has no control over the availability of linked pages
