


OnLine Taxes Privacy Policy




(Effective January 29, 2014 Updated Last on August 19, 2022)



On-Line Taxes, Inc.
("OnLine Taxes", "we", "us" or "our") recognizes your need for the appropriate protection and management of your personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") that we may acquire in connection with your use of our website (the "Web Site"), tax preparation software (the "Software"), and the services offered on our web site (the "Services").
Accordingly, we have instituted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to inform you how we collect, use, and store your Personal Information.
URL's covered by this privacy policy: www.olt.com and www.oltpro.com.





Acceptance of and Changes to Privacy Policy




This Privacy Policy is a part of and subject to the On-Line Taxes User Agreement and the On-Line Taxes Professional Tax Preparer User Agreement (each, the "Agreement").
Accordingly, when you click the "I Agree" button, or access or use the Web Site, Software, or the Services, you agree that you have read, understand, and agree that we can collect, use, and disclose your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree or are not comfortable with any part of this Privacy Policy, you should indicate that you do not agree to the Agreement (including this Privacy Policy) and you may not use the Web Site, Software, or the Services.
By accessing or using our platform, you are consenting to receive notifications electronically.


When you receive notification of a change in our Privacy Policy, you should review the new Privacy Policy carefully to make sure that you understand our practices and procedures.
Notifications of such changes are sent to you electronically and/or posted on our websites identified by the URL's above.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time and it is your responsibility to update yourself regarding any and all modifications to this privacy policy, so please review it frequently.
If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by e-mail, or by means of a notice on our home page prior to the change becoming effective.




Information Collection and Use of Personal Information




We collect Personal Information from you for the purpose of providing the Web Site, Software, and Services.
Further, we use your Personal Information to allow you to prepare and file tax returns, collect your tax refund, and use the other Services that we offer.



Categories of Personal Information Collected - We collect your name, Social Security number, e-mail address, mailing address, income, dependents and financial information you provided us when you completed and filed any tax return using the Software and the Services.



Tax Information - We collect the information that you provide to us when you complete and file any tax return using the Software and the Services.
This information includes, but is not limited to: your name, e-mail address, social security number, address, income, dependents, and other financial information.
We may also use this information to contact you regarding your use of the Services.
Further, if you make a claim for a refund under the limited warranty in the Agreement, we will use any Personal Information that you have provided in order to evaluate your claim.


Upon request OnLine Taxes will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information.
You may review and change this Personal Information at any time before the IRS or state taxing authority accepts your tax return by simply logging on to the Web Site and accessing your tax return.
After the IRS or state taxing authority accepts your tax return, you cannot change the Personal Information contained in that tax return.
The only exception is changing your e-mail address, a "change e-mail address" link is provided on your status screen after you log into your account.
However, you may access that tax return through your account on the Web Site up until October 20 of the next tax year following acceptance by the applicable taxing authority


We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.
If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at customerservice@olt.com.
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
We will respond to your request within 10 business days.




Registration Information - If you register to use the Services and the Software, we collect your name and e-mail address and we will use this information to provide you with customer service.
We will likely send you a welcoming e-mail verifying you have entered a valid e-mail address.
Also, we will likely send a yearly e-mail reminder to return to On-Line Taxes to complete your latest tax return.
If you no longer want to receive the reminder e-mails simply click the "unsubscribe" link in the e-mail.
For service related e-mails i.e.
your tax return status you will not be able to unsubscribe.
You must contact Customer Service if you no longer wish to receive service related e-mails.
If you request to be removed from the service related e-mails list the only way to obtain the status of your tax return filed with us is to log into your account on the Web Site(s).
If you need to change your e-mail address and you have an accepted return, a link is provided on your status screen after you log into your account.
Contact On-Line Taxes Customer Service if you believe that you have provided On-Line Taxes with an incorrect e-mail address or if you need further e-mail address correction assistance.



Financial Information - We collect credit card, banking, and other financial information ("Financial Information") from you in order to allow you to pay to use the Software and Services and, in some cases, to receive your tax refund via direct deposit.
You will know when we are collecting Financial Information from you, because you will provide it to us via the Web Site.
At times, however, we will obtain relevant information that we need from third parties.
For example, if you choose to pay with a credit card, you will need to provide us with your credit card information.
As another example, if you choose to receive your refund through direct deposit, you must provide us with your bank information.
We do not use Financial Information for anything other than to process transactions.
If you would like to review or request changes to your Financial Information, please contact On-Line Taxes Customer Service and we will allow you to review your Financial Information
and we will make any changes that we believe are applicable.




Disclosure of Personal Information




There are no companies affiliated with us to which we will disclose your Personal Information.
We will generally not disclose your Personal Information to unaffiliated third parties.
Specifically, we do not share, sell or rent your Personal Information to third-party advertisers, "spammers", or anyone else who we know will use it for their own advertising or marketing purposes.
We will, however, disclose your Personal Information under the limited circumstances listed below:



Your Consent - We will disclose your Personal Information to a third-party when you specifically instruct us in writing to do so.



Tax Returns - When you prepare and file a tax return using the Software and Services, that tax return, and the Personal Information that you include in it, will be provided to the taxing authority with whom the tax return is filed.
The IRS and any applicable state taxing authority will use this information to process your return.
In addition, each year the IRS analyzes data from tax returns to monitor tax-filing trends, improve its processes, prevent fraud, and promote its services.
The IRS currently requires that all returns filed through the Free File program (including those filed through the Services) indicate that they originated from the Free File program, and may use that information consistent with IRS rules governing the collection and use of taxpayer data.
On-Line Taxes does not control and takes no responsibility for IRS use of Personal Information.
The IRS requires that your IP address be linked to your Personal Information.
The IP address includes the IP address itself, and also includes, but is not limited to, date, time and time zone information.
Accordingly, we treat your IP address as "Personal Information" and will protect it as such, as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
In addition, in an attempt to detect fraud, we provide your IP address to the applicable taxing authority when you file your tax return using the Services.



Third-Party Providers - We may disclose certain Personal Information to third-party service providers who help us maintain the Web Site, Software, or the Services through the Web Site.
For example, Tax Products Group (TPG) provides "pay from refund" services.
If you request either of these services, we will disclose the Personal Information contained in your tax return to them so that they can process and evaluate your request for these services.
We will also disclose your Financial Information to the institutions and companies who will process your payment for the Services.
We use Right Now to host our customer service pages.
They do not have access or control of your Personal Information entered on these pages and they are not allowed to use it for their promotional purposes.
Where possible, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that these third-party service providers are obligated to protect your Personal Information on our behalf.




 Emergencies and Disclosure Required by Law - We reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information without your consent to prevent an emergency, to protect or enforce our rights, to protect or enforce the rights of a third-party, as required or permitted by law (including, without limitation, to comply with a subpoena or court order), in response to an inquiry or request from regulatory authorities, or to protect against fraud.
You should note that the taxing authorities frequently request information regarding our user's use of the Software and Services, and we comply with such requests.
If On-Line Taxes, Inc.
is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal
information.
In certain situations, OnLine Taxes may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Disclosure of your Personal Information may also be allowed by applicable law for such reasons as to administer a transaction, to protect the confidentiality or security of records, to prevent fraud, or to comply with legal or regulatory requirements. If we do disclose your Personal Information under the limited circumstances set forth above, only the following will be disclosed:



Categories of Personal Information Disclosed - We may disclose your name, Social Security number, e-mail address, mailing address, income, dependents and financial information you provided us when you completed and filed any tax return using the Software and the Services, under the limited and specific circumstances set forth herein.




SSL and Data Security




The security of your personal information is important to us.
When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
We restrict access to our user's information that we keep in our offices.
Only employees who need such information to perform a specific job are granted access to it.


We cannot and do not act as insurers of the security of your Personal Information, particularly when it is transmitted over the Internet.
Accordingly, we assume no liability for any disclosure of data due to errors in transmission, unauthorized third-party access or other acts of third parties, or acts or omissions beyond our reasonable control.
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.
Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at customerservice@olt.com.




Log Files




As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files.
We collect information from you that cannot be easily used to personally identify you in most cases, such as your browser type and the URL of the previous web site you visited.
We use this information to analyze trends, administer the Web Site, track a user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
Further, our server is hosted by IBM, and IBM monitors traffic for the purposes of maintaining the security of our Web Site.
We may set an indicator (cookie) on your computer to assist in gathering the information.
We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you.
We do this to improve services we offer you, to improve site functionality.



Tracking technologies




OnLine Taxes and its partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track user's movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website or service.


Links to Other Sites


Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of On-Line Taxes, Inc.
If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies.
We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any Web site you visit.



Social Media Features 


Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook button.
These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly.
Social Media Features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site.
Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.


 A Note About Children's Privacy




The Web Site, Software, and Services are intended for users ages eighteen and older.
Individuals under eighteen years old are not allowed to use the Web Site, Software, or Services.
Accordingly, we will not knowingly collect or use any Personal Information from individuals we know to be under the age of eighteen.
In addition, if notified, we will delete any Personal Information in our database that originates from anyone under the age of eighteen.
However, a parent or guardian may input data for a taxpayer under the age of eighteen.




Better Business Bureau 


Your trust is important to us.
By participating in the Council of Better Business Bureau's BBBOnLine ® Reliability Program we have made a commitment to meet the programs' strict requirements regarding how we treat your information.
Further information about this program is available at www.bbbonline.org.




Dispute Resolution




If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.

Customer Support



Live Chat..
We provide a live chat feature on the Web Site (s).
This feature collects your name and e-mail address.
We use this information solely to communicate with you regarding your inquiry.
We use Live Help Now to host our customer service pages.
They do not have access or control of your Personal Information entered on these pages and they may not use it for their promotional purposes.




QUESTIONS? If you have any questions or concerns, you can contact our Customer Service Department or you can send a letter to: On-Line Taxes, Inc., 724 Jules Street, Saint Joseph, MO 64501.






