
         1.
An overview of data protection
General information
The following information will provide you with an easy to navigate overview of what will happen with your personal data when you visit this website.
The term “personal data” comprises all data that can be used to personally identify you.
For detailed information about the subject matter of data protection, please consult our Data Protection Declaration, which we have included beneath this copy. Data recording on this website

Who is the responsible party for the recording of data on this website (i.e.
the “controller”)?

The data on this website is processed by the operator of the website, whose contact information is available under section “Information Required by Law” on this website. How do we record your data?
We collect your data as a result of your sharing of your data with us.
This may, for instance be information you enter into our contact form.
Other data shall be recorded by our IT systems automatically or after you consent to its recording during your website visit.
This data comprises primarily technical information (e.g.
web browser, operating system or time the site was accessed).
This information is recorded automatically when you access this website. What are the purposes we use your data for?
A portion of the information is generated to guarantee the error free provision of the website.
Other data may be used to analyze your user patterns. What rights do you have as far as your information is concerned?
You have the right to receive information about the source, recipients and purposes of your archived personal data at any time without having to pay a fee for such disclosures.
You also have the right to demand that your data are rectified or eradicated.
If you have consented to data processing, you have the option to revoke this consent at any time, which shall affect all future data processing.
Moreover, you have the right to demand that the processing of your data be restricted under certain circumstances.
Furthermore, you have the right to log a complaint with the competent supervising agency.
Please do not hesitate to contact us at any time under the address disclosed in section “Information Required by Law” on this website if you have questions about this or any other data protection related issues. 2.
General information and mandatory information
Data protection
The operators of this website and its pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously.
Hence, we handle your personal data as confidential information and in compliance with the statutory data protection regulations and this Data Protection Declaration.
Whenever you use this website, a variety of personal information will be collected.
Personal data comprises data that can be used to personally identify you.
This Data Protection Declaration explains which data we collect as well as the purposes we use this data for.
It also explains how, and for which purpose the information is collected.
We herewith advise you that the transmission of data via the Internet (i.e.
through e-mail communications) may be prone to security gaps.
It is not possible to completely protect data against third-party access. Information about the responsible party (referred to as the “controller” in the GDPR)
The data processing controller on this website is:
HeiGIT gGmbH at Heidelberg University
Schloss-Wolfsbrunnenweg 33
69118 Heidelberg
Phone: +49 6221 54 5560
E-mail: enquiry[at]openrouteservice.heigit.org
The controller is the natural person or legal entity that single-handedly or jointly with others makes decisions as to the purposes of and resources for the processing of personal data (e.g.
names, e-mail addresses, etc.). Storage duration
Unless a more specific storage period has been specified in this privacy policy, your personal data will remain with us until the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies.
If you assert a justified request for deletion or revoke your consent to data processing, your data will be deleted, unless we have other legally permissible reasons for storing your personal data (e.g.
tax or commercial law retention periods).
in the latter case, the deletion will take place after these reasons cease to apply. Designation of a data protection officer as mandated by law
We have appointed a data protection officer for our company.
E-Mail: eprivacy[at]heigit.org Revocation of your consent to the processing of data
A wide range of data processing transactions are possible only subject to your express consent.
You can also revoke at any time any consent you have already given us.
This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation. Right to object to the collection of data in special cases.
right to object to direct advertising (Art.
21 GDPR)
IN THE EVENT THAT DATA ARE PROCESSED ON THE BASIS OF ART.
6 SECT.
1 LIT.
E OR F GDPR, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO AT ANY TIME OBJECT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA BASED ON GROUNDS ARISING FROM YOUR UNIQUE SITUATION.
THIS ALSO APPLIES TO ANY PROFILING BASED ON THESE PROVISIONS.
TO DETERMINE THE LEGAL BASIS, ON WHICH ANY PROCESSING OF DATA IS BASED, PLEASE CONSULT THIS DATA PROTECTION DECLARATION.
IF YOU LOG AN OBJECTION, WE WILL NO LONGER PROCESS YOUR AFFECTED PERSONAL DATA, UNLESS WE ARE IN A POSITION TO PRESENT COMPELLING PROTECTION WORTHY GROUNDS FOR THE PROCESSING OF YOUR DATA, THAT OUTWEIGH YOUR INTERESTS, RIGHTS AND FREEDOMS OR IF THE PURPOSE OF THE PROCESSING IS THE CLAIMING, EXERCISING OR DEFENCE OF LEGAL ENTITLEMENTS (OBJECTION PURSUANT TO ART.
21 SECT.
1 GDPR).
IF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IS BEING PROCESSED IN ORDER TO ENGAGE IN DIRECT ADVERTISING, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO AT ANY TIME OBJECT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR AFFECTED PERSONAL DATA FOR THE PURPOSES OF SUCH ADVERTISING.
THIS ALSO APPLIES TO PROFILING TO THE EXTENT THAT IT IS AFFILIATED WITH SUCH DIRECT ADVERTISING.
IF YOU OBJECT, YOUR PERSONAL DATA WILL SUBSEQUENTLY NO LONGER BE USED FOR DIRECT ADVERTISING PURPOSES (OBJECTION PURSUANT TO ART.
21 SECT.
2 GDPR). Right to log a complaint with the competent supervisory agency
In the event of violations of the GDPR, data subjects are entitled to log a complaint with a supervisory agency, in particular in the member state where they usually maintain their domicile, place of work or at the place where the alleged violation occurred.
The right to log a complaint is in effect regardless of any other administrative or court proceedings available as legal recourses. Right to data portability
You have the right to demand that we hand over any data we automatically process on the basis of your consent or in order to fulfil a contract be handed over to you or a third party in a commonly used, machine readable format.
If you should demand the direct transfer of the data to another controller, this will be done only if it is technically feasible. SSL and/or TLS encryption
For security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as purchase orders or inquiries you submit to us as the website operator, this website uses either an SSL or a TLS encryption program.
You can recognize an encrypted connection by checking whether the address line of the browser switches from “http://” to “https://” and also by the appearance of the lock icon in the browser line.
If the SSL or TLS encryption is activated, data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties. Information about, rectification and eradication of data
Within the scope of the applicable statutory provisions, you have the right to at any time demand information about your archived personal data, their source and recipients as well as the purpose of the processing of your data.
You may also have a right to have your data rectified or eradicated.
If you have questions about this subject matter or any other questions about personal data, please do not hesitate to contact us at any time at the address provided in section “Information Required by Law.” Right to demand processing restrictions
You have the right to demand the imposition of restrictions as far as the processing of your personal data is concerned.
To do so, you may contact us at any time at the address provided in section “Information Required by Law.” The right to demand restriction of processing applies in the following cases:

In the event that you should dispute the correctness of your data archived by us, we will usually need some time to verify this claim.
During the time that this investigation is ongoing, you have the right to demand that we restrict the processing of your personal data.
If the processing of your personal data was/is conducted in an unlawful manner, you have the option to demand the restriction of the processing of your data in lieu of demanding the eradication of this data.
If we do not need your personal data any longer and you need it to exercise, defend or claim legal entitlements, you have the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data instead of its eradication.
If you have raised an objection pursuant to Art.
21 Sect.
1 GDPR, your rights and our rights will have to be weighed against each other.
As long as it has not been determined whose interests prevail, you have the right to demand a restriction of the processing of your personal data.

If you have restricted the processing of your personal data, these data – with the exception of their archiving – may be processed only subject to your consent or to claim, exercise or defend legal entitlements or to protect the rights of other natural persons or legal entities or for important public interest reasons cited by the European Union or a member state of the EU. Rejection of unsolicited e-mails
We herewith object to the use of contact information published in conjunction with the mandatory information to be provided in section “Information Required by Law” to send us promotional and information material that we have not expressly requested.
The operators of this website and its pages reserve the express right to take legal action in the event of the unsolicited sending of promotional information, for instance via SPAM messages. Change of our privacy policy
We reserve the right to change our security and privacy practices to the extent required by technical developments.
In these cases, we will also adapt our privacy policy accordingly.
Therefore, please take note of the current version of our privacy policy. 3.
Recording of data on this website
Cookies
Our websites and pages use what the industry refers to as “cookies.” Cookies are small text files that do not cause any damage to your device.
They are either stored temporarily for the duration of a session (session cookies) or they are permanently archived on your device (permanent cookies).
Session cookies are automatically deleted once you terminate your visit.
Permanent cookies remain archived on your device until you actively delete them or they are automatically eradicated by your web browser.
In some cases, it is possible that third-party cookies are stored on your device once you enter our site (third-party cookies).
These cookies enable you or us to take advantage of certain services offered by the third party (e.g.
cookies for the processing of payment services).
Cookies have a variety of functions.
Many cookies are technically essential since certain website functions would not work in the absence of the cookies (e.g.
the shopping cart function or the display of videos).
The purpose of other cookies may be the analysis of user patterns or the display of promotional messages.
Cookies, which are required for the performance of electronic communication transactions (required cookies) or for the provision of certain functions you want to use (functional cookies, e.g.
for the shopping cart function) or those that are necessary for the optimization of the website (e.g.
cookies that provide measurable insights into the web audience), shall be stored on the basis of Art.
6 Sect.
1 lit.
f GDPR, unless a different legal basis is cited.
The operator of the website has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies to ensure the technically error free and optimized provision of the operator’s services.
If your consent to the storage of the cookies has been requested, the respective cookies are stored exclusively on the basis of the consent obtained (Art.
6 Sect.
1 lit.
a GDPR).
this consent may be revoked at any time.
You have the option to set up your browser in such a manner that you will be notified any time cookies are placed and to permit the acceptance of cookies only in specific cases.
You may also exclude the acceptance of cookies in certain cases or in general or activate the delete function for the automatic eradication of cookies when the browser closes.
If cookies are deactivated, the functions of this website may be limited.
In the event that third-party cookies are used or if cookies are used for analytical purposes, we will separately notify you in conjunction with this Data Protection Policy and, if applicable, ask for your consent. Server log files
The provider of this website and its pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser communicates to us automatically.
The information comprises:

The type and version of browser used
The used operating system
Referrer URL
The hostname of the accessing computer
The time of the server inquiry
The IP address

This data is not merged with other data sources.
This data is recorded on the basis of Art.
6 Sect.
1 lit.
f GDPR.
The operator of the website has a legitimate interest in the technically error free depiction and the optimization of the operator’s website.
In order to achieve this, server log files must be recorded. Request by e-mail, telephone or fax
If you contact us by e-mail, telephone or fax, your request, including all resulting personal data (name, request) will be stored and processed by us for the purpose of processing your request.
We do not pass these data on without your consent.
These data are processed on the basis of Art.
6 Sect.
1 lit.
b GDPR if your inquiry is related to the fulfillment of a contract or is required for the performance of pre-contractual measures.
In all other cases, the data are processed on the basis of our legitimate interest in the effective handling of inquiries submitted to us (Art.
6 Sect.
1 lit.
f GDPR) or on the basis of your consent (Art.
6 Sect.
1 lit.
a GDPR) if it has been obtained.
The data sent by you to us via contact requests remain with us until you request us to delete, revoke your consent to the storage or the purpose for the data storage lapses (e.g.
after completion of your request).
Mandatory statutory provisions – in particular statutory retention periods – remain unaffected. Registration on this website
You have the option to register on this website to be able to use additional website functions.
We shall use the data you enter only for the purpose of using the respective offer or service you have registered for.
The required information we request at the time of registration must be entered in full.
Otherwise we shall reject the registration.

To notify you of any important changes to the scope of our portfolio or in the event of technical modifications, we shall use the e-mail address provided during the registration process.
We shall process the data entered during the registration process on the basis of your consent (Art.
6 Sect.
1 lit.
a GDPR).
The data recorded during the registration process shall be stored by us as long as you are registered on this website.
Subsequently, such data shall be deleted.
This shall be without prejudice to mandatory statutory retention obligations. 4.
Social media
Twitter plug-in
We have integrated functions of the social media platform Twitter into this website.
These functions are provided by Twitter International Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, D02 AX07, Ireland.
While you use Twitter and the “Re-Tweet” function, websites you visit are linked to your Twitter account and disclosed to other users.
During this process, data are transferred to Twitter as well.
We must point out, that we, the providers of the website and its pages do not know anything about the content of the data transferred and the use of this information by Twitter.
For more details, please consult Twitter’s Data Privacy Declaration at:
https://twitter.com/en/privacy.
The use of Twitter plug-ins is based on Art.
6 Sect.
1 lit.
f GDPR.
The operator of the website has a legitimate interest in being as visible as possible on social media.
If a respective declaration of consent has been obtained, the data shall be processed exclusively on the basis of Art.
6 Sect.
1 lit.
a GDPR.
This declaration of consent may be revoked at any time.
You have the option to reset your data protection settings on Twitter under the account settings at:
https://twitter.com/account/settings. 5.
Plug-ins and Tools
Google Web Fonts (local embedding)
This website uses so-called Web Fonts provided by Google to ensure the uniform use of fonts on this site.
These Google fonts are locally installed so that a connection to Google’s servers will not be established in conjunction with this application.
For more information on Google Web Fonts, please follow this link:
https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq
and consult Google’s Data Privacy Declaration under:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en. 6.
eCommerce and payment service providers
Processing of data (customer and contract data)
We collect, process and use personal data only to the extent necessary for the establishment, content organization or change of the legal relationship (data inventory).
These actions are taken on the basis of Art.
6 Sect.
1 lit.
b GDPR, which permits the processing of data for the fulfilment of a contract or pre-contractual actions.
We collect, process and use personal data concerning the use of this website (usage data) only to the extent that this is necessary to make it possible for users to utilize the services and to bill for them.
The collected customer data shall be eradicated upon completion of the order or the termination of the business relationship.
This shall be without prejudice to any statutory retention mandates.
Data transfer upon closing of contracts for services and digital content
We share personal data with third parties only if this is necessary in conjunction with the handling of the contract.
for instance, with the financial institution tasked with the processing of payments.
Any further transfer of data shall not occur or shall only occur if you have expressly consented to the transfer.
Any sharing of your data with third parties in the absence of your express consent, for instance for advertising purposes, shall not occur.
The basis for the processing of data is Art.
6 Sect.
1 lit.
b GDPR, which permits the processing of data for the fulfilment of a contract or for pre-contractual actions.
Status: 11/2020
