
         Terms of Service Disclaimer
The data sources for routing and mapping are based on free and open and even collaborative volunteered data collection efforts.
Therefore we cannot guarantee any quality of the displayed data and the routing results.
We are not responsible for any errors, mistakes, omissions or other problems with the used data and occurring from using this service. Limitation of liability
Under no circumstances, and under no legal theory, including negligence, shall openrouteservice or its affiliates, contractors, employees, agents, or third party partners or suppliers, be liable for any special, indirect, incidental, consequential, or exemplary damages (including loss of profits, data, or use or cost of cover) arising out of or relating to these terms or that result from your use or the inability to use the site, including software, services, maps, content, user submissions, or any third party sites referred to on or by the site, even if openrouteservice or a openrouteservice authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
openrouteservice ensures to have technological and operational security policies and procedures to protect your information from loss, misuse, alteration, or unintentional destruction, but the openrouteservice makes no representations or warranties regarding the security of the openrouteservice or the transmission of data or information to and from openrouteservice and your accessed device.
openrouteservice will not be liable to you or anyone else in the event of any unauthorized infiltration of any of its systems. Prohibited Conduct
You may not use the Services for any unlawful purpose.
Your use of the Services must comply with all local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable content.
You may not use the Services in any manner that could damage or overburden the Services or interfere with any other party’s use of the Services.
You may not engage in other unacceptable use of the Services, which includes:

Disseminating material that is abusive, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, harassing, grossly offensive, vulgar, threatening, or malicious
Aiding or implementing practices violating basic human rights or civil liberties
Disseminating or storing material that infringes the copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or other intellectual property right of any person
Creating a false identity or otherwise attempting to mislead others as to the identity or origin of any communication
Exporting, re-exporting, or permitting downloading of any content in violation of any export or import law, regulation, or restriction of the European Union and its agencies or authorities, or without all required approvals, licenses, or exemptions
Interfering with or attempting to gain unauthorized access to any computer network
Transmitting viruses, trojan horses, or any other malicious code or program
Engaging in any other activity deemed by openrouteservice to be in conflict with the spirit or intent of these Terms
 Attribution and use of our Services
When using the free of cost openrouteservice APIs or using any other service provided by openrouteservice make sure to have the proper attribution in your API implementation, site, or other propert(ies) (either displayed in the map image itself or elsewhere):
© openrouteservice.org by HeiGIT | Map data © OpenStreetMap contributors Attribution and data sources for Geocoding Services
OpenRouteService uses the open-source Pelias geocoder.
The data sources are:

OpenStreetMap © OpenStreetMap contributors under ODbL.
OpenAddresses under various public-domain and share-alike licenses.
GeoNames under CC-BY-4.0.
Who’s On First under various CC-BY or CC-0 equivalent licenses.

The OpenStreetMap project requires attribution whenever data from OSM may be displayed to an end user.
By default, our results will return data from OSM and so this attribution is required.
Usage Limits
Any person is permitted one single account for openrouteservice APIs.
In case of suspicious sign-ups, we reserve the right to disable and/or remove accounts without prior notice.
However, affected users may resolve the matter with openrouteservice support.
If you exceed the usage limits as a free Single End User of a given openrouteservice API, the API will return an error message.
If you repeatedly exceed the limits, your access to the API will be temporarily blocked.
You can exceed the usage limits for the openrouteservice APIs by:

Sending too many requests per day
Sending requests too fast, i.e.
too many requests per second
Sending requests too fast for too long or otherwise abusing the web service
 Service Limitations
openrouteservice always ensures to only publish stable releases of the provided API services.
The chosen parameter, e.g.
mode of transportation, avoid features, number of waypoints for Routing and isochrones time and isochrones interval for Accessibility Analysis affect the overall performance and calculation time, which may vary.
Due to individual routing graph profiles for every mode of transport, the update process and the performance/computation time of route results also varies. Change of terms or services
We reserve the right to modify these Terms at any time by posting the changed terms on the site.
All changes shall be effective immediately upon posting.
Please check these Terms periodically for changes.
Your continued use of the Services after we post of changes constitutes your binding acceptance of the new terms.
We may change the features and functions of the Services, including APIs, and the terms of this license agreement may change over time.
It is your responsibility to ensure that calls or requests you makes to the Services are compatible with then-current openrouteservice APIs.
We will endeavor to avoid changes to our APIs that are not backwards compatible, if any such changes become necessary, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you prior to implementation. Safety Disclaimer
In order to provide openrouteservice and all related APIs, openrouteservice uses OpenStreetMap as a free editable geographic dataset, to derive and process a routable graph for all currently offered modes of transportation.
OpenStreetMap is not a complete or accurate map of the world and should not be used in such a manner that deficiencies, omissions, inaccuracies or errors could result in death, loss or injury.
It is particularly important to realize that the maps might not be reliable.
The maps are an iterative ongoing work-in-progress.
openrouteservice aims to provide maps, which can be relied upon, equally well, or better than other maps.
The openly-editable wiki nature of the OpenStreetMap mapping system may help towards this goal, however it may also mean that there will always be some inaccuracies.
You should make your own judgement about the accuracy of our maps.
Always use our maps in conjunction with your senses, official sources and your common sense. API Results
While openrouteservice attempts to convey accurate route, isochrones and direction information, the information contained may contain errors.
openrouteservice disclaims any and all liability for the adequacy, completeness, timeliness or accuracy of information and routing results and disclaims liability for errors or omissions in the information.
You are strongly advised not to use openrouteservice as your primary or sole information source for crucial and data quality dependent routing and navigation applications, such as emergency and rescue, flying, inland navigation, marine navigation, military, whitewater sports, flood prone objects and winter sports.
As always, make sure you have all the necessary equipment and training, take all sensible precautions, and be aware of the risks.
As stated above, we will not be held responsible. License
API results obtained from openrouteservice in any context (also MapSurfer maps) are licensed under CC-BY 4.0.
See Attribution for proper attribution.
