
         OBS Open Broadcaster Software®️ Discord 
 Twitter Contribute

 Home 
 Download 
 Blog 
 Help 
 Forum 


 Menu 
 Home 
 Forums New posts Search forums 
 What's new New posts New resources New profile posts Latest activity 
 Resources Latest reviews Search resources 
 Members Current visitors New profile posts Search profile posts 




 Log in Register 
 What's new 
 Search Search 
Search titles only By: Search Advanced search… 
 Latest activity 
 Register 




 Menu Log in Register 
 Home 
 Help 
 JavaScript is disabled.
For a better experience, please enable JavaScript in your browser before proceeding.
Privacy policy Help pages Help Smilies BB codes Trophies Cookie usage Terms and rules Privacy policy We are OBS Forums ("we", "our", "us").
We’re committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
If you have questions about your personal information please contact us. What information we hold about you
The type of data that we collect and process includes:

Your name or username.
Your email address.
Your IP address.

Further data may be collected if you choose to share it, such as if you fill out fields on your profile.
We collect some or all of this information in the following cases:

You register as a member on this site.
You fill out our contact form.
You browse this site.
See "Cookie policy" below.
You fill out fields on your profile.
 How your personal information is used
We may use your personal information in the following ways:

For the purposes of making you a registered member of our site, in order for you to contribute content to this site.
We may use your email address to inform you of activity on our site.
Your IP address is recorded when you perform certain actions on our site.
Your IP address is never publicly visible.
 Other ways we may use your personal information.
In addition to notifying you of activity on our site which may be relevant to you, from time to time we may wish to communicate with all members any important information such as newsletters or announcements by email.
You can opt-in to or opt-out of such emails in your profile.
We may collect non-personally identifiable information about you in the course of your interaction with our site.
This information may include technical information about the browser or type of device you're using.
This information will be used purely for the purposes of analytics and tracking the number of visitors to our site. Keeping your data secure
We are committed to ensuring that any information you provide to us is secure.
In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable measures and procedures to safeguard and secure the information that we collect. Cookie policy
Cookies are small text files which are set by us on your computer which allow us to provide certain functionality on our site, such as being able to log in, or remembering certain preferences.
We have a detailed cookie policy and more information about the cookies that we set on this page. Rights
You have a right to access the personal data we hold about you or obtain a copy of it.
To do so please contact us.
If you believe that the information we hold for you is incomplete or inaccurate, you may contact us to ask us to complete or correct that information.
You also have the right to request the erasure of your personal data.
Please contact us if you would like us to remove your personal data. Acceptance of this policy
Continued use of our site signifies your acceptance of this policy.
If you do not accept the policy then please do not use this site.
When registering we will further request your explicit acceptance of the privacy policy. Changes to this policy
We may make changes to this policy at any time.
You may be asked to review and re-accept the information in this policy if it changes in the future.

 Home 
 Help 




 OBS Bright 


Contact us
Terms and rules
Privacy policy
Help
Home


RSS
 Forum software by XenForo® © 2010-2020 XenForo Ltd.
We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.

 This site uses cookies to help personalise content, tailor your experience and to keep you logged in if you register.
By continuing to use this site, you are consenting to our use of cookies.
Accept Learn more… 


Top 
      