
Your privacy is important to OpenTTD.
This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that OpenTTD collects, and the ways in which OpenTTD uses that personal information. Personal Information Collection OpenTTD may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:

information that you provide for the purpose of registering with the website (including name and e-mail address);
any other information that you send to OpenTTD.
 Using Personal Information OpenTTD may use your personal information to:

administer this website;
personalise the website for you;
enable your access to and use of the website services;
send you notifications

In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, OpenTTD may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights. Security of your Data OpenTTD will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
OpenTTD will store all the personal information you provide on its secure servers. Cross-border Data Transfers Information that OpenTTD collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which OpenTTD operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the Internet and may be available around the world.
You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information. Updating this Statement OpenTTD may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes. Other Websites This website contains links to other websites.
OpenTTD is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party. Contact OpenTTD If you have any questions about this privacy policy or OpenTTD's treatment of your personal information, please write by email to info@openttd.org. This Privacy Statement This privacy statement is based on an original template created by website-contracts.co.uk and distributed by freenetlaw.com.
