
         Who we are Our organization is Operation Nightwatch, Inc.
Our website address is: https://www.seattlenightwatch.org.
We take website visitor privacy seriously and have policies in place to protect and keep private your data.
Please read our complete privacy policy below for more details. What personal data we collect and why we collect it Comments When visitors leave comments on our website we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection. Contact Forms Any information you submit to us via our contact forms is kept private in our internal databases.
We do not share or sell your information to any 3rd parties.
Your information will be used exclusively for responding your inquiry submitted on your website. Cookies If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies.
These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment.
These cookies will last for one year.
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies.
These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment.
These cookies will last for one year. Embedded content from other websites Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g.
videos, images, articles, etc.).
Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website. Analytics We collect anonymous analytics data of the visitors and traffic to our website, to improve site usability, user experience and for general marketing purposes. Who we share your data with We do not share or sell any data collected on our website.
 How long we retain your data If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely.
This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue. What rights you have over your data If you have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us.
You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you.
This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes. Where we send your data Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service. Your contact information Contact information is used exclusively to respond to your inquiry on the website.
 Additional information How we protect your data We use encrypted connections to all of our databases where your data may be stored including on this website.
Our site uses HTTPS, also known as SSL or Secure Sockets Layer, to ensure an encrypted connection for all visitors to the website.
You might notice the little lock icon indicated in your browser address bar which indicates you have a secure connection to our website.

Donate Now
Volunteer
Engage
Get Help

