
         Toggle navigation Privacy Policy Your privacy is a top priority, and we are committed to protecting your privacy.
This Privacy Policy provides details on how we treat any personal information you may submit to us.
This Privacy Policy applies to this website, (the Site).
The Site is made available by OpinionCity ("we").
Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to the information collected through the Site and not to websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we link.

Information We Collect and Use

We will collect and use personal information about you to respond to your request for products and services offered through the Site.
Specifically, we collect information provided by you in connection with obtaining quotes for insurance products and services.
For example, you will be asked to provide your full name, address, telephone number, email, and other information in order to be matched to carriers and agents who may provide you a quote for their services.
We also collect demographic information.
Demographic information is all other information such as gender, zip code, or any information that is not tied to your personal information.
In addition, we might receive information about you from other online or offline sources and may add that information to your existing account.

Information Sharing and Disclosure

We share personal information about you under the following circumstances:Quote Requests.
If you submit a request on the Site for quotes for products or services, we will share the personal information contained in your request form (such as your full name, address, telephone number, email, information about your cars, etc.) with third parties, which include agents, carriers, lead aggregators, and other service providers (Service Providers) in our network to process and fulfill your request for quotes.
In some circumstances, we may obtain additional information about you and/or share that information with Service Providers in our network.
For example, we may now or in the future use your Social Security Number, your Year of Birth, or your personal information to obtain your credit report and credit score to help us better match you with Service Providers.
All Service Providers in our network have entered into agreements with us, and are required to comply with federal and state privacy regulations.
By submitting your request to us, you understand that Service Providers may contact you by telephone (on a recorded line), automated calling, email, SMS/text messaging or regular mail based on the information you provided to us in order to process and fulfill your request, even if you have opted into the National Do Not Call List administered by the Federal Trade Commission, any state equivalent Do Not Call List, or the Do Not Call List of an internal company.
If one of the Service Providers contacts you and you wish not to be contacted again by that Service Provider with respect to your inquiry, then you should specifically make a request to that Service Provider not to contact you again.
Please note that the Service Providers may maintain the information you provided whether you elect to use their services.Aggregate, Non-Personal, or De-identified Information.
We may share aggregated information (i.e., information about you and other users collectively, but not specifically identifiable to you) and other non-personal, de-identified, or anonymous information we collect with third parties, including affiliates to develop and deliver targeted advertising on our Site and on the websites of third parties.As Required by Law.
We may be required to share your personal information with law enforcement or government agencies in response to subpoenas, court orders, federal/state audits or similar circumstances.
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use, or as otherwise required by law.
Business Transfer.
As with any other business, it is possible that we, in the future could merge with or be acquired by another company.
If such an acquisition occurs, the successor company would have access to the information maintained by us, including your personal information, customer and business account information, but would continue to be bound by this policy unless you consent otherwise.We allow third-party companies to collect certain information when you visit our web site or within our email newsletters.
These companies may utilize cookies, pixels or other technologies to collect user information (e.g., hashed, de-identified, data, click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you.&nbsp.
To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit the websites of the Digital Advertising Alliance at http://www.aboutads.info/choices

Cookies and IP Addresses

To serve you faster and with better quality, we use "cookies" technology.
Cookies are small bits of code, usually stored on a user's computer hard drive, which enable a Website to "personalize" itself for each user.
We generally use cookies to reduce the time it takes for pages to load on your computer and to assist with customer tracking.
Customer tracking (or "click-stream") data collected by us is used to optimize your experience by learning whether or not you successfully used the Site.
Additionally, we may capture click-stream data on some of our partner's websites, limited to the activity involved with the completion of offers listed on our website.
This information is used to monitor the performance of our partners.
We also may use cookies to deliver targeted advertising on our website, websites owned by our sister companies, or websites of third parties.We also keep track of Internet Protocol (IP) addresses.
An IP Address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer every time you log on to the Internet.

Emails

You may register to receive communications from us directly on our website or through a third party. Your email will only be shared with our mailing partner, for the purpose of sending you relevant third-party emails.
Upon registering, we will periodically send you newsletters and other e-mails with offers and promotions.
If you no longer wish to receive these communications, opting-out by clicking on the unsubscribe link in our emails.
Short Message Service.
We may make available a service through which you can receive messages on your wireless device via short message service (SMS Service).
Data obtained from you in connection with this SMS service may include your name, address, cell phone number, your provider's name, and the date, time, and content of your messages.
You represent that you are 18 years of age and the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received, and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges.
In addition to any fee of which you are notified your provider's standard messaging rates apply to our confirmation and all subsequent SMS correspondence.
All charges are billed by and payable to your mobile service provider.
We will not be liable for any delays in the receipt of any SMS messages, as delivery is subject to effective transmission from your network operator.
SMS message services are provided on an AS IS basis.
We may also obtain the date, time and content of your messages in the course of your use of the SMS Service.
We will use the information we obtain in connection with our SMS Service in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If fees are charged to your wireless account invoice, we may provide your carrier with your applicable information in connection therewith.
Your wireless carrier and other service providers may also collect data about your wireless device usage, and their practices are governed by their own policies.You acknowledge and agree that the SMS Service is provided via wireless systems which use radios (and other means) to transmit communications over complex networks.
We do not guarantee that your use of the SMS Service will be private or secure, and we are not liable to you for any lack of privacy or security you may experience.
You are fully responsible for taking precautions and providing security measures best suited for your situation and intended use of the SMS Service.
We may also access the content of your account and wireless account with your carrier for the purpose of identifying and resolving technical problems and service-related complaints.Third Party Advertisers.
Please note that we can only control its own mailing list and policies.
Third party advertisers that maintain their own mailing lists may send communications that advertise our services, and you may need to contact these parties directly in order to stop receiving their email communications.

Confidentiality and Security

The security of your personal information is very important, and we take a number of steps to safeguard it.
For example, we limit access to personal information to those employees or agents who assist us in providing requested products and services to you and maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to guard personal information about you.

California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)

Californian consumers have certain rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) AB 375.
For us to comply with some of these rights, we must be able to reasonably verify a consumer's identity.
These rights include: 1.
the right of Californians to know what personal information is being collected about them 2.
the right of Californians to know whether their personal information is sold or disclosed and to whom 3.
the right of Californians to say no to the sale of their personal information 4.
the right of Californians to access their personal information 5.
The right to data portability.
Californians have the right to request their personal information that they provided to us and use them for their own purposes.
We will provide Californians their personal information within 30 days of their request 6.
the right of Californians of the deletion of their personal information 7.
the right of Californians of equal service, price, and not being discriminated against even if they exercise their privacy rights 8.
one or more designated means for Californian consumers to submit requests under the CCPA including (at minimum) a toll-free telephone number, and if the business maintains an Internet website, a website address 9.
the right of Californians to designate an authorized agent to make a request on their behalf.
When designating an authorized agent, you must provide a valid power of attorney, the requester's valid government issued identification, and the authorized agent's valid government issued identification.
These rights include the right to request what personal information we collect and disclose about consumers.
If California users would like to make a CCPA Privacy Rights request or have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at: Contact CCPA

Third Party Links

This Privacy Policy applies to all information that you provide on the Site.
However, when you visit websites to which the site links to, keep in mind you will be interacting with a third party that operates under its own privacy and security policy.
If you choose to obtain certain services through a third party site, the data collected by the third party is governed by that third party's privacy policy.
A third party site will also have its own policy regarding the use of cookies and your personal information.
We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any other service provider from whom you request services.

A Special Note about Children's Privacy

You must be at least 18 years old to use this website.
We do not knowingly collect, use or disclose personal information about visitors under 18 years of age.If you are under 18 years of age, you can use the services offered on our website only in conjunction with your parents or guardians.
Please see our Terms of Use for more information.

Removing Your Information

Federal and state regulations require that we maintain all information (including your personal information) submitted through the Site for various time periods.
In order to comply with these regulations, we cannot delete your information from our database.

Contact Information


If users have any questions or suggestions, please write us at:
Opinion City337 Garden Oaks Blvd #29779, Houston, TX 77018, United States

Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update or modify this Privacy Policy from time to time.
If there are material changes to this Privacy Policy or in how we will use your personal information, we will post such changes here.
You will be notified here if any of the material changes that affect the use of your personal information and asked to opt-in to the new use of your personal information.
If you do not agree with the changes to how your information will be used, please do not continue to use this website.By using the Site, you signify your assent to this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use any of the Site.
When you request quotes or other information through the Site, you are authorizing us to share information with our business partners, who may contact you by phone, email, SMS/Text Message, or mail.
If you do not want further communication from them, please notify the partner directly.
We reserve the right to make changes in this policy at any time.
Please check the policy each time you use our website to ensure you are aware of any changes in our privacy practices.
Our Privacy Policy will indicate the date it was last updated.
Your continued use of our site will signify your acceptance of the changes to our Privacy Policy.
Updated September 2, 2021
Â© Copyright 2016-2017 OpinionCity.com.
All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Unsubscribe | Don't Sell My Info 
      