
         Toggle Navigation ABOUT COMMUNITIES BUSINESS SUPPORT ACCOUNT &nbsp.
&nbsp.
HOME 
Pay My Bill
Manage Account


My Community
My Channels
My Promotions
 &nbsp.
&nbsp.
HOME Remember me Forgot Username or Password TERMS &amp.
CONDITIONS 


Introduction

These Website Standard Terms and Conditions written on this webpage shall manage your use of our website, opticaltel.com accessible at www.opticaltel.com.
These Terms will be applied fully and affect to your use of this Website.
By using this Website, you agreed to accept all terms and conditions written in here.
You must not use this Website if you disagree with any of these Website Standard Terms and Conditions.
Minors or people below 18 years old are not allowed to use this Website.

Intellectual Property Rights

Other than the content you own, under these Terms, Opticaltel and/or its licensors own all the intellectual property rights and materials contained in this Website.&nbsp.
You are granted limited license only for purposes of viewing the material contained on this Website.
The Content and the Marks are provided on the Site “AS IS” for your information and personal use only.
Except as expressly provided in these Terms and Conditions, no part of the Site and no Content or Marks may be copied, reproduced, aggregated, republished, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, encoded, translated, transmitted, distributed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose whatsoever, without our express prior written permission.
Provided that you are eligible to use the Site, you are granted a limited license to access and use the Site and to download or print a copy of any portion of the Content to which you have properly gained access solely for your personal, non-commercial use.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you in and to the Site, the Content and the Marks.

Restrictions

You are specifically restricted from all of the following:
publishing any Website material in any other media;
selling, sublicensing and/or otherwise commercializing any Website material;
publicly performing and/or showing any Website material;
using this Website in any way that is or may be damaging to this Website;
using this Website in any way that impacts user access to this Website;
using this Website contrary to applicable laws and regulations, or in any way may cause harm to the Website, or to any person or business entity;
engaging in any data mining, data harvesting, data extracting or any other similar activity in relation to this Website;
using this Website to engage in any advertising or marketing.
Certain areas of this Website are restricted from being access by you and Opticaltel may further restrict access by you to any areas of this Website, at any time, in absolute discretion.
Any user ID and password you may have for this Website are confidential and you must maintain confidentiality as well.

Your Content

In these Website Standard Terms and Conditions, “Your Content” shall mean any audio, video text, images or other material you choose to display on this Website.
By displaying Your Content, you grant Opticaltel a non-exclusive, worldwide irrevocable, sub licensable license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute it in any and all media.
Your Content must be your own and must not be invading any third-party’s rights.
Opticaltel reserves the right to remove any of Your Content from this Website at any time without notice.

Your Privacy

Please read Privacy Policy found here: http://opticaltel.com/privacy-policy/.

Third-Party Websites and Content

The Site may contain (or you may be sent via the Site) links to other websites (“Third-Party Websites”) as well as articles, photographs, text, graphics, pictures, designs, music, sound, video, information, applications, software, and other content or items belonging to or originating from third parties (“Third-Party Content”).
Such Third-Party Websites and Third-Party Content are not investigated, monitored, or checked for accuracy, appropriateness, or completeness by us, and we are not responsible for any Third-Party Websites accessed through the Site or any Third-Party Content posted on, available through, or installed from the Site, including the content, accuracy, offensiveness, opinions, reliability, privacy practices, or other policies of or contained in the Third-Party Websites or the Third-Party Content.
Inclusion of, linking to, or permitting the use or installation of any Third-Party Websites or any Third-Party Content does not imply approval or endorsement thereof by us.
If you decide to leave the Site and access the Third-Party Websites or to use or install any Third-Party Content, you do so at your own risk, and you should be aware these Terms and Conditions no longer govern.
You should review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of any website to which you navigate from the Site or relating to any applications you use or install from the Site.
Any purchases you make through Third-Party Websites will be through other websites and from other companies, and we take no responsibility whatsoever in relation to such purchases which are exclusively between you and the applicable third party.
You agree and acknowledge that we do not endorse the products or services offered on Third-Party Websites and you shall hold us harmless from any harm caused by your purchase of such products or services.
Additionally, you shall hold us harmless from any losses sustained by you or harm caused to you relating to or resulting in any way from any Third-Party Content or any contact with Third-Party Websites.

No warranties

This Website is provided “as is,” with all faults, and Opticaltel express no representations or warranties, of any kind related to this Website or the materials contained on this Website.
Also, nothing contained on this Website shall be interpreted as advising you.

Limitation of liability

In no event shall Opticaltel, nor any of its officers, directors and employees, shall be held liable for anything arising out of or in any way connected with your use of this Website whether such liability is under contract.
Opticaltel, including its officers, directors and employees shall not be held liable for any indirect, consequential or special liability arising out of or in any way related to your use of this Website.

Indemnification

You hereby indemnify to the fullest extent Opticaltel from and against any and/or all liabilities, costs, demands, causes of action, damages and expenses arising in any way related to your breach of any of the provisions of these Terms.

Severability

If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid under any applicable law, such provisions shall be deleted without affecting the remaining provisions herein.

Variation of Terms

Opticaltel is permitted to revise these Terms at any time as it sees fit, and by using this Website you are expected to review these Terms on a regular basis.

Assignment

The Opticaltel is allowed to assign, transfer, and subcontract its rights and/or obligations under these Terms without any notification.
However, you are not allowed to assign, transfer, or subcontract any of your rights and/or obligations under these Terms.

Entire Agreement

These Terms constitute the entire agreement between Opticaltel and you in relation to your use of this Website, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings.

Governing Law &amp.
Jurisdiction

These Terms will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, and you submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in U.S.
for the resolution of any disputes.

 MENU SUPPORT ACCOUNT MENU 
Home
About
Communities
Business
 ACCOUNT 
Pay My Bill
Manage Account


My Community
My Channels
My Promotions
 &nbsp.
&nbsp.
HOME Remember me Forgot Username or Password SUPPORT About Our Promise
Our Company
Community
Events
Careers
Contact Us Communities Customers We Serve
Our Services
Fiber-Optic Advantage
OpticalTel Advantage
Our Customer Support
Contact Sales Business Customers We Serve
Our Services
Gig Speed Fiber
Partner Programs
News
Contact Sales Follow us 










 Need Customer Support? We're available by phone 24/7 Call Us  Communities: 1.855.303.4237 
 Business: 1.888.274.7635  Send us a message support@opticaltel.com Mail Payment PO Box 10710
Miami, FL 33101 Terms &amp.
Conditions Privacy Policy Quick Clicks 


Pay My Bill
FAQ's
Forgot Login/Password
My Community
 ©2021 OpticalTel. All rights reserved.
Need Customer Support? We're available by phone 24/7 Call For Communities Email Support Mail Payments
PO Box 10710
 Miami, FL 33101 Call For Businesses FAQ's Quick Clicks
Pay My Bill
Forgot Login/Password
 My Community About Our Promise
Our Company
Community
Events
Careers
Contact Us Communities Customers We Serve
Our Services
Fiber-Optic Advantage
Optical Advantage
Customer Support
Contact Sales Business Customers We Serve
Our Services
Gig Speed Fiber
Partner Programs
News
Contact Sales
Follow us











 Terms &amp.
Conditions Privacy Policy © 2021 OpticalTel.
All rights reserved.

      