
        IntroductionOrchid considers the privacy of our visitors to be extremely important.
This privacy policy document describes in detail the types of personal information that is collected and recorded by www.orchid.com and how we use it.
Orchid is committed to user privacy and does not collect or store personal data.
Orchid is committed to protecting user privacy and browsing history.
The following document discloses our privacy policy and measures taken to protect users from data tracking and logging.
The information included below is a detailed summary on what information is collected and where, through what partners, and how that information is being used.
Traffic ActivityOrchid Labs, Inc maintains and manages the infrastructure that serves www.orchid.com.
During the process of regular website operations, webserver logs record information in aggregate about user sessions including metadata such as page requests and timestamps.CookiesOrchid Labs, Inc does not use any cookies or tracking pixels for tracking user activity either on www.orchid.com or across the web.
Cookies could be used to provide a more optimal website experience, such as server load balancing.Third PartiesWe do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties any information that we collect on www.orchid.com.
We do use some third party vendors, which are listed here.
Orchid Labs, Inc uses Mailchimp to manage Orchid’s newsletter list.
Mailchimp collects and stores emails for anyone that signs up for our newsletter.
Their privacy policy is here
Orchid Labs, Inc uses Branch.io to simplify links to our iOS and Android applications on www.orchid.com.
Occasionally when clicking on Branch links, the user will be re-directed to the appropriate experience after Branch performs device detection.
Branch’s privacy policy is here.ConsentBy using our application, you hereby consent to our privacy policy and agree to its terms.UpdateThis Privacy Policy was last updated on: Monday, December 9th, 2019.
Should we update, amend or make any changes to our privacy policy, those changes will be posted here.More InformationIf you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at privacy@orchid.comOrchid Website Privacy Policy OnlyThis privacy policy applies only to the www.orchid.com website and information shared and/or collected there.
This policy does not apply to any information collected offline, through the Orchid iOS and Android applications published by Orchid Labs, Inc or via channels other than www.orchid.com.
Please see https://www.orchid.com/mobile-privacy-policy for the mobile privacy policy.
