



Features &amp.
Benefits


For Writing
For Groups
For Teaching
For Universities
For Publishers
For Enterprises


Templates
Plans &amp.
Pricing
Help


Documentation
Contact Us


Register
Log In
Privacy and Terms
Overleaf Privacy &amp.
Terms Overview

Last Modified: 5th November 2020
Thank you for using Overleaf!
Below you will find the full Terms of Service, Privacy Notice, Cookie Policy, Security Overview and Acceptable Use Policy for the Overleaf services.
If you have any questions, please get in touch.

 Terms of Service

 Privacy Notice

 Cookie Policy

 Security Overview

 Acceptable Use Policy



Overleaf Terms of Service

Last Modified: 21st August 2020
These terms of service (the “Terms”) govern your access to and use of the website at www.overleaf.com or www.sharelatex.com (the “Site”) and services (the “Services”) provided by Writelatex Limited (“we” or “our” or “Writelatex”), so please carefully read them before using the Services.
By using the Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms.
If you are using the Services on behalf of an organization, you are agreeing to these Terms for that organization and promising that you have the authority to bind that organization to these terms.
In that case, “you” and “your” will refer to that organization.
By accessing or otherwise using any part of the Services, including to register an account, you acknowledge your agreement to these Terms, in consideration for the mutual promises and obligations contained herein and to the exclusion (to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law) of all other terms and/or conditions which you may purport to apply, including under any purchase order or similar document, even if they do not explicitly contradict.
You may use the Services only in compliance with these Terms.
You may use the Services only if you have the power to form a contract with us and are not barred under any applicable laws from doing so, including if you are too young to enter into a binding contract.
The Services may continue to change over time as we refine and add more features.
We may stop, suspend, or modify the Services at any time without prior notice to you (but recognising your work is important to you, please read the note below on access to your files in these circumstances).
We may also remove any content from our Services at our discretion.
Your Stuff &amp.
Your Privacy
By using our Services, you may provide us with information, files, and folders via our products, services and otherwise (together, “your stuff”).
You retain full ownership to your stuff.
We don’t claim any ownership to it.
These Terms do not grant us any rights to your stuff or intellectual property except for the limited rights that are needed to run the Services, as explained below.
We may need your permission to do things you ask us to do with your stuff, for example, hosting your files, or sharing them at your direction.
This includes product features visible to you, for example, image thumbnails or project previews.
It also includes design choices we make to technically administer our Services, for example, how we redundantly backup data to keep it safe.
You give us the permissions we need to do those things solely to provide the Services.
This permission also extends to our affiliates and trusted third parties we work with to provide the Services, for example Amazon Web Services, which provides our main storage space (again, only to provide the Services).
To be clear, aside from the rare exceptions we identify in our Privacy Notice, no matter how the Services change, we won’t share your content with others for any purpose unless you direct us to.
How we collect and use your information generally is also explained in our Privacy Notice.
You are solely responsible for your conduct, the content of your stuff, and your communications with others while using the Services.
For example, it’s your responsibility to ensure that you have the rights or permission needed to comply with these Terms.
We may choose to review public content for compliance with our community guidelines, but you acknowledge that we have no obligation to review or monitor any information on the Services.
We are not responsible for the accuracy, completeness, appropriateness, or legality of your stuff, user posts, or any other information you provide or may be able to access using the Services.
Although we reserve the right to stop, suspend, or modify the Services at any time without prior notice to you, we recognise that your stuff is important to you, and that you may wish to retrieve your stuff from Overleaf in this event.
We will make reasonable effort to contact you in such circumstances if you have registered for an account, and aim to keep your stuff available for retrieval from Overleaf in read-only form for up to 3 months beyond the time of suspension (or otherwise) of the Services.
Sharing Your Stuff
The Services provide features that allow you to share your stuff with others or to make it public.
There are many things that may happen with your stuff once it’s been shared or made public (for example, people may copy it, modify it, re-share it).
Please therefore consider carefully what you choose to share or make public and that you have all necessary rights and permissions to do so.
We will not have any responsibility arising from the sharing of your stuff.
Registering with us
When registering to use a Service you must choose a username and password, unless you use a single sign-on (SSO) option where supported.
You are responsible for all actions taken under your chosen username and password, which you will keep private and not allow anyone else to use.
You must ensure that the information you provide is accurate and truthful, and to tell us promptly if it changes.
You should immediately notify us of any unauthorised use of your account.
You acknowledge that if you wish to protect your transmission of data or files to Overleaf, it is your responsibility to use a secure encrypted connection to communicate with the Services.
Our Rights
The Service is owned by or licensed to Writelatex and/or its affiliates, and is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets and/or other industrial and proprietary rights and laws, including international conventions and treaties (“Proprietary Rights”).
In particular, you acknowledge that the Site and other parts of the Service are protected by copyright as collective works and/or compilations pursuant to U.S.
copyright laws.
Nothing in these Terms shall operate to transfer any Proprietary Rights in any part of the Service, to grant any rights to use the name “Overleaf” or our other trademarks or to give rise to any implied rights.
You agree not to remove, suppress or modify in any way the proprietary markings, including any trademark or copyright notice, used in relation to part of the Service.
Unless otherwise agreed in a Contract, the Service is provided for your own non-commercial, internal and personal use, at all times subject to these Terms.
For paid subscriptions, you may also use the Service for your own internal business purposes (which, for the avoidance of doubt, would not include the right to re-sell or commercialize access).
You shall not otherwise use any part of the Service without our prior and express written agreement.
Your Responsibilities
You must comply with all laws and regulations applicable to you and the use of the Services.
Files and other content in the Services you receive or share may be protected by intellectual property rights of others.
You agree to always respect the proprietary rights of others and must never copy, upload, download, or share files unless you have the rights and permissions to do so.
You, not Writelatex, will be fully responsible and liable for what you copy, share, upload, download, receive or otherwise use while using the Services.
If you require use of [compile] files (including font files) that are accessible within Overleaf, but owned by a third party, you must first ensure you have the permission of the owner.
You are responsible for maintaining and protecting all of your stuff, and should always make sure to keep a local copy.
We will not be liable for any loss or corruption of your stuff, or for any costs or expenses associated with backing up or restoring it.
Your Feedback
While we appreciate it when users send us or post in our forums feedback, suggestions or other comments, please be aware that we may use, edit and disclose these without any obligation to you.
You are responsible for ensuring that any comments you make do not contain any material that could be considered offensive, false, defamatory or unlawful or violates any Proprietary Rights or other rights.
Acceptable Use Policy
You will not, and will not attempt to, misuse the Services, and will use the Services only in a manner consistent with the Overleaf Acceptable Use Policy.
Links to or from the Service
The Services may contain links to third-party websites or resources.
We do not endorse and are not responsible or liable for such resources in any way, including their availability, accuracy, nor for any related content, products, or services.
You accept sole responsibility for your use of any such websites or resources.
If you want to link to any part of the Service, you must ask our permission first, and only do so for non-commercial purposes and in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.
Order Process and Formation of a Contract
If you are paying for a Service, a contract to provide that Service will only arise upon receipt of payment in cleared funds and once we have made the Service available to you.
Whilst we try and ensure that all the information on the Site is accurate, errors may occur.
In the unlikely event that such information, including any price and/or description of an item listed on the Site has been incorrectly advertised, we will not be under any obligation to sell or provide those Services to you.
If we discover the error before a Contract is formed we will at our discretion, either reject your order and notify you of such rejection, or inform you as soon as possible and give you the option of cancelling your order or reconfirming it at the correct price and/or description.
If we give you the option of cancelling your order or reconfirming it at the correct price and/or description but either cannot contact you or do not receive your response within 14 days of sending you notification (whether or not you receive it), we will reject your order.
Prices, Payments, Tax and Refunds
Prices included on the Site are illustrative only and are subject to change at any time.
Amounts are stated exclusive of VAT, sales tax and similar.
If you sign up for a free trial, we may require you to provide a valid credit card or other payment method.
We will charge you automatically on the first day after the free trial is over, unless you cancel or downgrade to a charge-free Service before the end of the free-trial period.
If you pay using a credit card or any digital payment method supported by Overleaf, you authorise us to charge your account for the Services using that payment method on a recurring basis, unless otherwise specified.
If you choose to pay via PayPal, we use “PayPal Reference Transactions” for this purpose.
If your payment details cease to be valid or you notify us to stop using a previously designated payment method and fail to designate an alternative, we may immediately suspend use and access to the Services at the end of your paid subscription.
If you upgrade any Service, we will charge you the additional cost for that upgrade in respect of the remainder of your (then current) payment period and update your new payment period according to your new subscription.
For certain paid-for Services, we may allow for individual licenses to be purchased in bulk.
If you make such a purchase, you'll be free to allocate these "premium" licences as you see fit on a ‘named user basis’ (this will upgrade those end users' free accounts).
The licenses will be valid for the 12 month period commencing on the date on which you make the purchase (the “Bulk License Period”).
While you won't have any privileged access rights in respect of other end user accounts, even though you've paid for them to have premium features, they're linked on our systems - this means you can withdraw the paid-for license rights you've allocated to one account (so you might want to warn the account holder!) and transfer them to another.
You may also purchase additional licenses at any time.
however these will be chargeable at the then-prevailing price (pro-rated if the purchase is made part way through the Bulk License Period), which may be in excess of the original price paid.
All licenses will auto-renew for additional 12 month periods (each a “Renewal Period”) on an annual basis unless cancelled by you in your accounts settings or in writing not less than thirty (30) days in advance of the date of renewal (or such shorter period as we may allow).
You will be responsible for payment of any Taxes in addition to our price.
If we are required to collect or pay Taxes, the Taxes will be charged to you.
This includes adding VAT at the checkout / to our invoice(s) at the appropriate rate based on information you provide to us.
Please note that we have no control over these charges and cannot predict their amount.
Please contact your local customs office or taxation authority for further information before placing your order.
Any assessment we make, at the time of purchase, of the amount or applicability of sales or other taxes will rely on the information you have provided and you agree to reimburse us on demand for any additional costs or expenses we might incur if such information is not accurate and complete.
Where we refer to "Taxes", we mean any duties, customs fees, levies or taxes (other than income tax) associated with the purchase or use of the Services, including any related penalties or interest.
If you are an individual and are not happy with our Service, we will offer a full refund if you give us written notice that you wish to cancel within 30 days of payment.
Otherwise, you will have no right to a refund.
If you are entitled to a refund, we will notify you about your refund via email within a reasonable period of time.
We will usually process a refund as soon as possible and, in any case, within 30 days of the day we confirmed to you via email that you are entitled to a refund.
Refunds will usually be made by crediting the payment card or electronic payment account you used to purchase the Services.
Termination
Though we’d much rather you stay, you can stop using our Services any time.
If you wish to downgrade or cancel a Service, you must do this at least one full day before the end of your payment period via your Account Settings, and the change will take effect at the end of that payment period.
Unless otherwise agreed, we reserve the right to suspend or end the Services at any time, with or without cause, and with or without notice.
For example, we may suspend or terminate your use if you are not complying with these Terms, or use the Services in any way that would cause us legal liability or disrupt others’ use of the Services.
If we suspend or terminate your use without cause, we will try to let you know in advance and help you retrieve data, though there may be some cases (for example, repeatedly or flagrantly violating these Terms, a court order, or danger to other users) where we may suspend immediately.
We reserve the right to suspend the provision of any part of the Services, or terminate our agreement to provide Services to you for non-payment or any deliberate or material breach, which will include any breach of the Overleaf Acceptable Use Policy, fraudulent or illegal activity or misuse of the Service, or if you fail to provide us upon request with sufficient information to enable us to determine the accuracy and validity of any information supplied by you, or your identity.
This clause does not affect your statutory rights as a consumer.
Use post-termination
If your subscription for a paid account expires (including where payment has been made by someone else (e.g.
an institution or other organization that you belong to) and that payment ends), we’ll try to make sure your stuff continues to be accessible via a “free” account, subject to compliance with the respective terms and conditions.
If you’ve exceeded the limits of the free account, you will need to archive old content before being able to add more content.
If you don’t want to have an account with us at all, you may close your account via your Account Settings.
We may retain and use your stuff as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Consistent with these requirements, we will try to delete your stuff quickly but there might be latency in deletions from our servers, and backed-up versions might persist.
In addition, we do not delete files from our servers that you have in common with other users.
Overleaf is provided “AS-IS”
THOUGH WE WANT TO PROVIDE A GREAT SERVICE, WE CAN’T PROMISE THAT ALL PARTS OF THE SERVICE WILL BE FREE FROM ERRORS AND BUGS OR SECURE AT ALL TIMES.
AS SUCH, THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”, AT YOUR OWN RISK, WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHER WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WE DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, FREEDOM FROM ERRORS AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
(We are not shouting — it’s just that these disclaimers are really important, so we want to highlight them.) Neither Writelatex nor its affiliates will have any responsibility for any harm to your computer system, loss or corruption of data, or other harm that results from your access to or use of the Services.
Some US states do not allow the types of disclaimers in this paragraph, so they may not apply to you.

Limitation of Liability

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL WRITELATEX, ITS AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR (A) ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, REGARDLESS OF LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER OR NOT WRITELATEX HAS BEEN WARNED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND EVEN IF A REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
(B) ANY LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE, BUSINESS OR SAVINGS, DEPLETION OF GOODWILL AND/OR SIMILAR LOSSES, OR LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA.
OR (C) IN RESPECT OF ANY CLAIMS RELATING TO THE SERVICES, AN AMOUNT IN AGGREGATE THAT IS MORE THAN THE GREATER OF £0.01 OR THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU TO WRITELATEX FOR THE PAST THREE MONTHS OF THE SERVICES IN QUESTION.
SOME US STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE TYPES OF LIMITATIONS IN THIS PARAGRAPH, SO THEY MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
US Electronic Communications Privacy Act Notice (18 U.S.C.
§§ 2701-2711): COMPANY MAKES NO GUARANTY OF CONFIDENTIALITY OR PRIVACY OF ANY COMMUNICATION OR INFORMATION TRANSMITTED ON THE SITE OR ANY WEBSITE LINKED TO THE SITE.
Company will not be liable for the privacy of email addresses, registration and identification information, disk space, communications, confidential or trade-secret information, or any other Content stored on Company’s equipment, transmitted over networks accessed by the Site, or otherwise connected with your use of the Service.
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Terms, nothing will affect or limit your statutory rights.
or will exclude or limit our liability to the extent not permitted by applicable laws or regulations.
You agree to fully indemnify, defend and hold Writelatex, and its affiliates, officers, employees, agents, suppliers and licensors, harmless on demand, from and against all claims, including losses (including loss of profit, revenue, goodwill or reputation), costs and expenses, including reasonable administrative and legal costs, arising out of any breach of these Terms by you.
Separate Contract and Additional Terms
If you are accessing and/or otherwise using the Service pursuant to a separate agreement between the organization that you belong to or are acting for (“Contract”), your use will also be subject to the Contract, provided to the extent there is any conflict, the terms of the Contract shall prevail.
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in these Terms shall impose additional obligations on that organization.
Usage restrictions and other additional terms and conditions (“Additional Terms”) may apply to certain parts of the Service and shall form part of these Terms.
If we provide you with any software under an open source license, these may include the terms of those licenses.
You shall comply with all Additional Terms referenced on any part of the Service you use, posted to the Site or otherwise that you are given notice of, and to the extent there is any conflict between the Additional Terms and other parts of these Terms, the Additional Terms shall prevail in respect of the relevant part of the Service.
Change to these Terms
We may revise these Terms from time to time and the most current version will always be posted on our website.
If a revision, in our sole discretion, is material we will notify you (for example via email to the email address associated with your account).
Other changes may be posted to our news or terms page, so please check those pages regularly.
By continuing to access or use the Services after revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms.
If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Services.
US Government Users
The Service is deemed to be “commercial computer software” / “commercial computer software documentation” and other commercial items including “technical data of a “commercial item”.
If any U.S.
Government user requires rights beyond those expressly granted in these Terms, or has other requirements not met by these Terms / the Service, it should immediately discontinue use of the Service.
Miscellaneous Legal Terms
These Terms, and any dispute, claim or proceedings of whatever nature arising out of, or in any way relating to, these Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with English law, without regard to its conflict of law principles, except if you are resident (as determined by the most current information about yourself provided to Writelatex) in the United States, in which case the laws of the State of New York, shall apply.
Both parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts, except if you are a resident in the United States in which case action may be brought in any federal or state court located in the County of New York, State of New York.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Writelatex shall have the right to bring an action in any court of proper jurisdiction for injunctive or other equitable relief.
These Terms constitute the entire and exclusive agreement between you and Writelatex with respect to the Services, and supersede and replace any other agreements, terms and conditions applicable to the Services.
These Terms create no third party beneficiary rights.
Writelatex's failure to enforce a provision is not a waiver of its right to do so later.
If a provision is found unenforceable the remaining provisions of the Agreement will remain in full effect and an enforceable term will be substituted reflecting our intent as closely as possible.
Any reference to “includes” and “including” shall mean including without limitation and general words shall not be given a restrictive meaning by reason of the fact that they are followed by particular examples intended to be embraced by the general words.
You may not assign any of your rights in these Terms, and any such attempt is void, but Writelatex may assign its rights to any of its affiliates or subsidiaries, or to any successor in interest of any business associated with the Services.
Writelatex and you are not legal partners or agents.
instead, our relationship is that of independent contractors.
Force Majeure
We shall have no liability for delays or failures in delivery or performance of our obligations to you resulting from any act, events, omissions, failures or accidents that are outside of our control including: late, defective performance or non-performance by suppliers and private or public telecommunication, computer network failures or breakdown of equipment.
If a delay is caused, we will be entitled to a reasonable extension of time for performing its obligations.
If the period of delay or non-performance continues for 15 days, either party may terminate by written notice.
Notices
Any notice required to be given under these Terms must be in writing and may be delivered by hand or sent by registered mail or email to the other party at the contact address provided (subject in the case of any notice to be sent to Writelatex in respect of any legal proceedings, to a copy also being sent by hand or registered mail and marked for the attention of the Legal Department to its registered address) and shall be deemed to have been duly given or made, if delivered by hand, upon delivery, if sent by registered mail, on the recorded date of receipt, or if sent by e-mail when actually received by the intended recipient in readable form.
Writelatex Limited Company Details
Writelatex Limited (doing business as Overleaf) is a limited company registered in England and Wales under company number: 8343637 having its registered office at 3rd Floor, 207 Regent Street, London, W1B 3HH.

Overleaf Privacy Notice

Last Modified: 5th November 2020
This Notice applies to the websites at www.overleaf.com or www.sharelatex.com and related services (“Overleaf”).
Overleaf is operated by Writelatex Ltd, with registered offices at 3rd Floor, 207 Regent Street, London, W1B 3HH (“Overleaf” or “we”).
This Notice explains what personal data we collect, how we may use and manage it and the rights you may have in relation to such personal data.
When we refer to “personal data” in this Notice, we mean information relating to an identified or identifiable individual that we collect and use in connection with Overleaf.
not aggregate or other anonymised data or information we process on behalf of our customers.
How do we collect and use personal data?
We collect personal data in the following ways:


information you provide to us directly online.
For example, when you register to use Overleaf, complete one of our web forms or make a support request, we collect the personal data you provide, like your name, email address and other basic contact details / professional information.
We will use this information to enable you to access and use Overleaf or fulfil the request you've made and to track and improve the quality of the services we provide, which may involve asking you about your experience with Overleaf.
You may also provide us with additional information to access and use particular features within Overleaf, such as to populate your profile, which you may update within your account settings.
More occasional examples could include where you respond to a survey, complete a support request or enter into a competition.

information we collect from your use of Overleaf.
When you use Overleaf, we may collect information about that usage and other technical information, such as your IP address, browser type and any referring website addresses.
We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you and use it to keep a record of our interaction and to enable us to support, personalise and improve Overleaf.
We may also collect this type of information using cookies and other similar technologies — please see our cookie policy for further details.

information you provide to us in person.
For example, when you visit one of our exhibition booths or attend one of our events, you may provide us with your contact details.
We will use this information to answer your enquiries or provide other information requested by you.

information we collect from our other interactions / business dealings.
For example, if you attend a webinar, contact us via social media or otherwise interact with our business, including as a representative of a current / prospective customer, supplier or partner, we will make a record of those dealings, which may contain personal data.
If you visit one of our offices, this may be captured on CCTV and used by us for security reasons.

information provided to us by other Overleaf users.
We may receive personal data (for example, your email address) from other Overleaf users, for example if they have tried to share something with you or tried to refer Overleaf to you.

In all the above cases, where we have a relationship with you, we may also use the personal data we collect to manage and keep a record of that relationship and other business administration purposes you’d reasonably expect and, subject always to your preferences, to provide information we think may be of interest to you.
In many of the above cases, we may also use the information collected to create aggregate or other non-personal data to enable us to benchmark and improve Overleaf and for other analytical / research purposes.
If you provide personal data to us about someone else (such as one of your colleagues), please ensure that you have their permission to do so and that they’re aware of the contents of this Notice.
The legal basis for our use of your personal data
In order to comply with European data privacy laws, we are required to set out the legal bases for our use of your personal data, which are as follows:

where you have given us your explicit consent, which you can withdraw at any time.
For example, we rely on your consent to fulfil specific requests you’ve made, such as to receive our blog emails, or provide information you’ve opted-in to receive;
where the processing is necessary for the performance of our contract with you, or to enter into such a contract.
For example, if you register to use Overleaf, we will need to use your details to set-up and administer your account;
where the processing is necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
or
the processing is in our legitimate interests, provided these are not overridden by your individual rights.
For example, we rely on our legitimate interests to retain personal data that’s associated with content you’ve made public, so that personal information, associated with that content can be preserved.
We also rely on our legitimate interests to contact you when you’ve not previously given us your consent to do so, to use CCTV on our premises for security reasons and to create aggregated or other non-personal data from your personal data.

Who we share your personal data with
We may share your personal data within our corporate group on a confidential basis for our internal administrative, billing and other business purposes.
We do not generally disclose or share personal data with third parties, except where it’s necessary for legitimate business reasons, such as:

to the agents, advisers and service providers that assist us in running, and that we use to administer, our business;
to the subcontractors and service providers we use to provide and support Overleaf, including hosting providers such as Google, marketing service providers like MailChimp, support desk service providers like Front and billing platforms like Recurly;
if you express interest in an initiative we’re involved in, to the organisers of such initiative;
if required to enable the integration or use of third party resources accessed / used on Overleaf;
if part of our business is sold to or integrated with another business, to our advisers and any prospective purchasers (and their advisers);
in such circumstances for which you have given your consent;
if and to the extent necessary for the performance of the contract we have with you or in order to enforce any claims we are entitled to;
if we are required by law or ordered by a court to disclose such information;
if you register for a webinar or other event, to other attendees and co-organisers of that event;
in the case of your Overleaf profile, subject to your preferences (which you can change at any time), or details associated with content you’ve chosen to make public, to other users of Overleaf;
if someone else is paying for your account (for example, the university to which you belong) or you join a group on Overleaf, either by accepting an invitation to that group or by confirming your affiliation to that group (for example, by confirming your university email address), to administrators of that grouping (for example university staff), who may have access to information such as: your email address, profile information, and aggregate statistics on usage;
in the case of personal data you share in any Overleaf community services you participate in (for example blogs, forums, and wikis), to the public.

We include appropriate confidentiality and security obligations in our contracts with our service providers and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions (not for their own purposes).
Security
We take appropriate technical and organisational security measures to protect personal data from accidental or unlawful destruction, accidental loss and unauthorised access, destruction, misuse, modification or disclosure.
Please see our security overview for details.
Retention of your personal data
We only keep your personal data for as long as it is necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, after which it will be destroyed, erased or anonymised.
For example, if you are an Overleaf user, we will delete your account profile if you close your account, but may however retain certain limited personal data about you to record your association with content you’ve made public, and as required to comply with applicable law.
International transfers
In order to run our business and provide Overleaf, we may transfer personal data from the UK or the European Economic Area (EEA), including to our affiliates and service providers, many of whom are located outside of these jurisdictions.
Whenever we make such transfers, we will ensure an appropriate level of protection is afforded to your personal data by implementing at least one of the following safeguards:

making sure the destination country has been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data;
by using model form contracts that have been officially declared to afford your personal data an appropriate protection;
relying on an alternative recognised compliance standard for the lawful transfer of personal data.

Please email us at privacy@overleaf.com if you would like more information about these safeguards.
Marketing
Depending on your preferences, we may send you marketing communications we think might be of interest to you.
Some of these messages may be tailored to you, based on your interests (e.g.
previous browsing activity) and any other information we may hold.
If you no longer wish to receive such communications, you can click the unsubscribe button within the message or change your account settings.
Note, even if you unsubscribe from marketing messages, we may still send you emails about the services you use, such as details of new functionality / changes to legal terms of use.
Cookies
Please see our cookie policy for information on how we collect personal data using cookies and similar technologies.
Your rights
European data privacy laws give rights to individuals in respect of personal data that organisations hold about them, for example:

to request a copy of the personal data that we hold about them;
to object to the processing of their personal data.
or
to request that their personal data is rectified or deleted, or its processing limited.

To make any requests regarding your personal data, please email us at privacy@overleaf.com.
We will comply with any requests to exercise your rights in accordance with applicable law.
Please be aware, however, that there are a number of limitations to these rights, and there may be circumstances where we’re not able to comply with your request.
Third party sites
If any part of Overleaf is made available on or through third party websites or other resources, includes links to such resources, or other resources contain links to any part of Overleaf, this is done for convenience only.
We recommend that you check the privacy and security policies of such resources as they are not subject to this Notice.
Contact details
If you would like any further information, or have any questions or concerns, regarding your personal data, as a first step, please email us at privacy@overleaf.com or write to us at Writelatex Limited, 3rd Floor, 207 Regent Street, London W1B 3HH, United Kingdom.
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to your local supervisory authority for data protection issues.
We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns in the first instance.
Changes to this Notice
We reserve the right to modify or replace this Notice at any time by posting the revised Notice on our website.
You are responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any such change each time you access any part of Overleaf.

Cookie Policy

Last Modified: 25th May 2018
We use “cookies” to collect information and improve Overleaf.
A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your device.
We may use “persistent cookies” to save your registration ID and login password for future logins to Overleaf.
We may use “session ID cookies” to enable certain features of Overleaf, to better understand how you interact with it and to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing.
You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit.
If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all aspects of Overleaf.
We also collect some information (ourselves or using third party services, including Google Analytics) using logging and cookies, such as IP address, which can sometimes be correlated with personal data.
We use this information for the above purposes and to monitor and analyse use of Overleaf, for Overleaf’s technical administration, to increase its functionality and user-friendliness, and to verify users have the authorisation needed to process their requests.
More information on data privacy in respect of Google Analytics is available at https://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html and details about how to opt out can be found at https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners.

Overleaf Security Overview

Last Modified: 5th November 2020

We provide this overview so that you can better understand the security measures we’ve put in place to protect the information that you store using Overleaf.

Secure Storage

Overleaf uses Google Cloud Platform for data storage.
Google Cloud Platform uses Google data centers.
Google data centers feature a layered security model, including safeguards like custom-designed electronic access cards, alarms, vehicle access barriers, perimeter fencing, metal detectors, and biometrics.
The data center floor features laser beam intrusion detection.


You can find more information about Google Cloud Platforms's security at the Google Cloud Platform website.

Secure Transfers

Your files are sent to our servers over a secure channel (HTTPS) using 256-bit TLS (Transport Layer Security) encryption where supported, the standard for secure Internet network connections.

Your Data is Backed Up

Through Google Cloud Platform, Overleaf keeps redundant backups of all data over multiple locations to prevent the remote possibility of data loss.
To cover the unlikely event that this redundancy were to fail, we recommend you keep local copies of your important files on your personal computer.

Privacy

A copy of our full privacy policy can be read by selecting the Privacy Notice tab above.


We guard your privacy to the best of our ability and work hard to protect your information from unauthorized access.

Third-party Apps

If you choose to access Overleaf using third-party applications (“apps”), be aware that those apps have their own security protocols and privacy policies.
If you’re not comfortable with the privacy and security features of those apps, you shouldn’t use them to access Overleaf.
For example, third-party apps might not employ encryption when transmitting data, might collect information that Overleaf does not, and might use information differently than Overleaf does.

Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement
As set forth in our privacy policy, and in compliance with the laws of England and Wales, Writelatex cooperates with law enforcement when it receives valid legal process, which may require Writelatex to provide the contents of your private Overleaf account.
In these cases, Writelatex will remove Overleaf’s encryption (if any has been added) from the files before providing them to law enforcement.
I think I've found a security exploit.
Where do I report security concerns?

We take a number of measures to ensure that the data you store on Overleaf is safe and secure.
While we're very confident in our technology, we recognize that no system can guarantee data security with 100% certainty.
For that reason, we will continue to innovate to make sure that our security measures are state of the art, and we will investigate any and all reported security issues concerning Overleaf's services or software.
For a direct line to our security experts, report security issues to security at (our domain).


Overleaf Acceptable Use Policy



Last Modified: 15th April 2020




Overleaf is used by millions of people, and we are proud of the trust placed in us.
In exchange, we trust you to use the services we provide responsibly.




You agree not to misuse the Overleaf services.
For example, you must not, and must not attempt to, do any of the following things using, or in respect of, any part of Overleaf:



probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network;
tamper with, breach or otherwise circumvent any security or authentication measure;
access or use any non-public area / content or shared area you have not been invited to;
interfere with or disrupt any user, host, or network, for example by overloading, flooding, spamming, or mail-bombing;
introduce, or otherwise use to facilitate the spread of, spyware or any other malware.

access or search by any means other than our publicly supported interfaces (for example, “scraping”);
send unsolicited communications or spam;
send altered, deceptive or false source-identifying information, including “spoofing” or “phishing”;
promote or advertise products or services;
impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity;
upload, publish or share anything that is unlawful, fraudulent, misleading, infringes another's rights, pornographic, indecent, false, defamatory, threatening, obscene, abusive, offensive, hateful, inflammatory or is likely to harass, upset, annoy, alarm, embarrass or invade the privacy of, any person, deceitful, promotes or advocates an unlawful act or activity, discriminatory, sexually explicit or violent, contains educational records, health or other sensitive personal, highly classified or regulated information or personal information of others, or which you are not authorised to upload, publish or share;
infringe any trademark, copyright (including design rights), database rights, or other intellectual property rights, or privacy or other rights, of any other person or breach any contractual or other legal duty;
violate or cause the violation of the law in any way;
sell, rent, lease, license, frame, commercialize or use for the benefit of any other person;
copy, modify, adapt or create derivative works decipher, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or attempt to derive any source code or underlying ideas or algorithms.




Language
 English
 Czech
 Spanish
 Portuguese
 French
 German
 Swedish
 Turkish
 Italian
 Chinese
 Norwegian
 Russian
 Danish
 Korean
 Japanese


© 2020 Overleaf
Privacy and Terms
Security
Contact Us
About
Blog




Overleaf on Twitter


Overleaf on Facebook


Overleaf on LinkedIn

