
Terms of use
By using any PacificSource, or affiliated, or website portals, you signify your agreement with the following Terms of Use.
Please read them carefully.
Acceptance of terms
This PacificSource website (or “Site”) is subject to the terms and conditions set forth below (the "Terms"), in addition to, and not in limitation of, the provisions of any other agreement you may enter into with us.
For purposes of the Terms, "PacificSource" is defined as PacificSource Health Plans and its subsidiaries, including, but not limited to, PacificSource Community Health Plans, Inc..
PacificSource Community Solutions, Inc..
PacificSource Administrators, Inc..
and its affiliates, and third party vendors, including, but not limited to, Caremark, CafeWell (collectively, the “PacificSource Affiliates").
As such, the obligations, limitations, and restrictions in the Terms with respect to this Site inure to the benefit of PacificSource's subsidiaries and PacificSource Affiliates.
Future changes to terms
We may modify these Terms from time to time and without notice, effective immediately upon posting on this Site.
Your continued access or use of this Site shall constitute acceptance of such modifications of the Terms.
We have the right to terminate your access or use of this Site at any time without notice.
Benefit information
No content on this Site is intended to replace or amend language regarding any benefit policy that you may have with us.
You should always consult your benefit materials for details about your plan coverage.
No medical advice
This Site does not provide medical advice and neither the information available on this Site nor any email responses to your questions shall create a physician-patient relationship or constitute the practice of medicine.
The information available on this Site and from any linked sites should not be used as a substitute for professional medical advice.
If you have medical or health related questions, contact your physician.
User obligations
You may not use this Site in any manner that may: adversely affect this Site's resources or the availability of this Site to others.
violate any local, state, national or international law.
delete or revise any content on this Site.
or, use this Site to harass any other person or to collect or store personal information about other visitors.
If you have a unique user identifier and/or password to access secure areas, you are responsible for protecting the identifier and/or password from any unauthorized use by others, with or without your permission.
In addition, you agree to notify immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or other security measure.
Some parts of this Site may allow you to post, or email to us, materials or information ("Visitor Content").
or to access or use Visitor Content posted or emailed by other visitors to this Site.
You grant us the unrestricted right to use or distribute, free of charge, any Visitor Content posted on this Site by you.
You may not submit or post any material or information which is illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, or infringing of the proprietary rights of any person or entity, or which contains software viruses, corrupted data, cancel bots, commercial solicitations, or mass mailings or any form of "spam." You may not use a false email address to impersonate any person or otherwise mislead as to the origin of any material or information you submit or post.
We may review, remove, or edit any Visitor Content at our discretion.
We have no responsibility and assume no liability for Visitor Content posted by you or by any other party.
You are responsible for all software and equipment necessary to access and use this Site, including all related expenses.
Privacy and security
We manage and protect your personal information in accordance with applicable laws and established company privacy and security standards and practices.
For more information about privacy and security, please visit our Online Privacy and Security section below.
or, for more information about how we generally manage your personal information, please see our Privacy Policy page.
No warranty
We do not warrant that any PacificSource Content, Visitor Content, or any other content posted on this Site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free.
We do not warrant this Site will meet your requirements, or that your access or use of this Site will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, nor do we make any warranty whatsoever regarding the quality of any products, services, information, or any other material you obtain through this Site.
Limitation of liability
We are not responsible for any cost or damage arising directly or indirectly from your use of or inability to use this Site or any content, or the interception or loss of any data transmitted to or from this Site.
We shall have no liability whatsoever for failure of electronic or mechanical equipment or communication, telephone or other connection problems, computer viruses, unauthorized access to this Site, theft, or errors.
Your use of this Site, and the submission of any information by you, is at your own risk.
Copyright
All text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, indexes, desktop tools, software, and any other material or information used in connection with this Site (the PacificSource "Content").
the selection, arrangement, and presentation of all PacificSource Content (including information in the public domain).
and the overall design of this Site are the property of PacificSource or its third party vendors and are protected by U.S.
and international copyright laws.
We grant you a personal, non-transferable, non-exclusive limited license to access this Site and to download and print a single copy of PacificSource Content from this Site solely for: (a) your personal, non-commercial use, and provided that you do not delete or modify any copyright or other proprietary notices there from.
or (b) as expressly permitted under any Agreement currently in effect between you and PacificSource.
Any other copying, use, distribution, or modification of PacificSource Content or any other property of PacificSource, whether in electronic or hard copy form, is strictly prohibited without our express prior written permission.
Trademarks
PacificSource and any other names of PacificSource or its websites, publications, products, content or services referenced on this Site are the exclusive trademarks or service marks of PacificSource, including, without limitation, the color combinations, layout, and other graphical elements of this Site.
You may not use our trademarks in any manner without our express, written permission.
Other product and company names that appear on this Site are subject to trademark or other rights of other parties.
Linking to other websites
We have no control over other websites or other resources accessed through links on this Site.
Any such links are provided for your convenience only, and do not constitute an endorsement of the linked site(s) or content by us.
We make no guarantees and disclaim any implied representations or warranties about the accuracy, relevance, timeliness, completeness, or appropriateness of these sites, the information contained in them, or the products or services they provide.
PacificSource shall not be liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss incurred by you in connection with Websites or resources accessed through links on this Site.
Linking to and framing of this website
You may not frame any PacificSource Content, or use any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information on this Site, without our express, written consent.
You may not use our name or trademarks in any meta-tags or other hidden text without our express, written consent.
You may link to this Site for non-commercial purposes only.
We reserve the right to demand you remove any such link at any time, for any or no reason, and at our sole discretion.
Compliance with COPPA
This Site is not directed at children under the age of 13.
We comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act and do not knowingly permit registration or submission of personally identifiable information by anyone 13 years of age or younger.
If you allow your minor child, or a child for whom you are legal guardian, to access and use this Site, you agree that you will be solely responsible for (i) the online conduct of such minor.
(ii) monitoring such minor's access to and use of this Site and (iii) the consequences of any use.
Governing law and disputes
These Terms, and any dispute that may arise between you and PacificSource, will be governed by the laws of the State of Oregon without regard to conflict of laws principles.
The Terms, as may be amended from time to time, set forth the entire understanding between you and PacificSource as to the subject matter of the Terms, unless otherwise specifically provided under a written agreement, and supersede any prior agreements between you and PacificSource, whether oral or written, as to the subject matter of the Terms.
Jurisdiction and venue will be in the courts of Lane County, Oregon, for any disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms.
Third party content
We have partnered with certain third party vendors to include content and services that have been prepared by and are the property of these third parties and are subject to the Terms.
We have licensed the right to use this third party content and these services.
We do not control these third party sites, the content displayed on those sites, nor their privacy practices, which may differ from those outlined in our privacy policies.
As a result, you agree that we are not responsible to you in any way with regard to the third party information or services you may access while using this Website.
Miscellaneous
If any provision of the Terms is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of the Terms shall remain in full force and effect, and all Terms shall be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law.
No waiver or failure to assert any provision of the Terms shall be valid unless in writing and signed by an officer of PacificSource.
We may assign our rights and duties under the Terms to any party, at any time, without notice.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted in these Terms.
Online privacy and security
At PacificSource, protecting your personal information is important to us.
We are as committed to protecting the information you provide through this Website as when you provide it to us over the phone, in person, or through the mail.
However, we recognize, and want you to recognize, that while electronic communications have many benefits, they are not as secure as other means of communication.
Please read the following information carefully to better understand how using this Site affects your privacy.
Security practices
We attempt to protect online information according to applicable laws and established company security standards and practices.
We have security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information under our control, and we continually evaluate new technologies for safeguarding your information.
However, we cannot guarantee the confidentiality or security of electronic transmissions via the Internet because these transmissions may potentially use insecure computers and links, and data may be lost or intercepted by unauthorized parties during such transmission.
If you wish to submit personal or confidential information by a more secure means of communication, please contact us.
The information you provide to us online is protected by Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
SSL is the leading security protocol for data transfer on the Internet.
This technology scrambles your account information as it moves between your computer’s browser and our computer systems.
When information is scrambled, or encrypted in this way, it becomes nearly impossible for anyone other than PacificSource to read it.
This secure session helps protect the safety and confidentiality of your information when you interact with us online.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that our system sends to your computer to collect information about your activities on this Site.
The cookie transmits this information back to this Site each time your browser requests a page from this Site, and the information is stored to help facilitate your use of this Site the next time you visit.
In addition to information you provide, we may use cookies or other passive means to collect general information such as: the name of the domain and host computer from which you access the Internet.
the IP address of the computer you are using.
the browser and operating system you are using.
the date and time you access this Site.
and the Internet address of the Website from which you linked to this Site.
We use cookies so you won't have to reenter information each time you visit this Site.
If you do not want to receive cookies from this Site, you can set your browser to not accept cookies.
Use of email communication
Please use your own best judgment when sending information via the Internet to an email address.
Emails sent via the Internet may pass through private and public networks with varying levels of security.
Some networks may have taken steps to secure email transmissions while others have not, thereby compromising the privacy and integrity of an email’s content.
An email may be copied, altered, or destroyed.
If you contact PacificSource by email, once your email is received, we preserve the content of your email, your email address and our response, so we can efficiently respond to your questions and meet legal and regulatory requirements.
Use of email address when you register for an account
If you register for an online user account with PacificSource, you will be required to supply a valid email address and agree to the Website Portals Usage Agreement.
By registering for an account, and voluntarily submitting your email address, you are agreeing that PacificSource may use your email address in the following ways: (1) as a piece of identifying information which may be used to authenticate your identity, (2) to correspond with you and provide you information about your account, and (3) to send you other health insurance messages, including messages related to your coverage, as PacificSource deems reasonable and/or necessary.
