

 Terms and conditions 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms and conditions  If you access the pacogames.com web site application, you agree to these terms of use ("Terms of Use").
This service is owned and managed by Awagon Entertainment s.r.o.
(hereafter referred to as "Awagon").
These Terms of Use affect your statutory rights and obligations.
If you do not agree that these Terms of Use are binding for you, do not use the site.
 Basic Terms 
You must be at least 13 years old to use the Service.
You may not post violent, nude, partially nude, discriminatory, unlawful, infringing, hateful, pornographic or sexually suggestive photos or other content via the Service.
You must not defame, stalk, bully, abuse, harass, threaten, impersonate or intimidate people or entities and you must not post private or confidential information via the Service, including, without limitation, your or any other person's credit card information, social security or alternate national identity numbers, non-public phone numbers or non-public email addresses.

You must not use domain names or web URLs in your username without prior written consent from Awagon.
You must not interfere or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service.
You must not create accounts with the Service through unauthorized means, including but not limited to, by using an automated devices.
You are solely responsible for your actions.
You agree that Awagon is not responsible or liable for the behavior of other users.
When dealing with others, apply common sense and act to your best of consciousness and conscience.
Violation of these Terms of Use may, in Awagon's sole discretion, result in termination of your PacoGames account.
You understand and agree that Awagon cannot and will not be responsible for the Content posted on the Service and you use the Service at your own risk.
If you violate the letter or spirit of these Terms of Use, or otherwise create risk or possible legal exposure for Awagon, we can stop providing all or part of the Service to you.
 General Conditions 
We reserve the right to modify or terminate the Service or your access to the Service for any reason, without notice, at any time, and without liability to you.
User's account can be deleted in the profile section.
In both cases, stored data are deleted including all access (profile) and uploaded (comments, game data) data by the user.

We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change these Terms of Use ("Updated Terms") from time to time.
Unless we make a change for legal or administrative reasons, we will provide reasonable advance notice before the Updated Terms become effective.
You agree that we may notify you of the Updated Terms by posting them on the Service, and that your use of the Service after the effective date of the Updated Terms (or engaging in such other conduct as we may reasonably specify) constitutes your agreement to the Updated Terms.

We reserve the right to force forfeiture of any username for any reason.
We may, but have no obligation to, remove, edit, block, and/or monitor Content or accounts containing Content that we determine in our sole discretion violates these Terms of Use.
There may be links from the Service, or from communications you receive from the Service, to third-party web sites or features.
There may also be links to third-party web sites or features in images or comments within the Service.
The Service also includes third-party content that we do not control, maintain or endorse.
You expressly acknowledge and agree that Awagon is in no way responsible or liable for any such third-party services or features.
YOUR CORRESPONDENCE AND BUSINESS DEALINGS WITH THIRD PARTIES FOUND THROUGH THE SERVICE ARE SOLELY BETWEEN YOU AND THE THIRD PARTY.
You agree that you are responsible for all data charges you incur through use of the Service.
 Rights 
Awagon does not claim ownership of any Content that you post on or through the Service.
Some of the Service is supported by advertising revenue and may display advertisements and promotions, and you hereby agree that Awagon may place such advertising and promotions on the Service or on, about, or in conjunction with your Content.
The manner, mode and extent of such advertising and promotions are subject to change without specific notice to you.
 You represent and warrant that: (i) you own the Content posted by you on or through the Service or otherwise have the right to grant the rights and licenses set forth in these Terms of Use.
(ii) the posting and use of your Content on or through the Service does not violate, misappropriate or infringe on the rights of any third party, including, without limitation, privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademark and/or other intellectual property rights.
(iii) you agree to pay for all royalties, fees, and any other monies owed by reason of Content you post on or through the Service.
and (iv) you have the legal right and capacity to enter into these Terms of Use in your jurisdiction.

The Service contains content owned or licensed by Awagon ("Awagon Content").
Awagon Content is protected by copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other laws, and, as between you and Awagon, Awagon owns and retains all rights in the Awagon Content and the Service.
You will not remove, alter or conceal any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Awagon Content and you will not reproduce, modify, adapt, prepare derivative works based on, perform, display, publish, distribute, transmit, broadcast, sell, license or otherwise exploit the Awagon Content.
Although it is Awagon's intention for the Service to be available as much as possible, there will be occasions when the Service may be interrupted, including, without limitation, for scheduled maintenance or upgrades, for emergency repairs, or due to failure of telecommunications links and/or equipment.
Also, Awagon reserves the right to remove any Content from the Service for any reason, without prior notice.
Content removed from the Service may continue to be stored by Awagon, including, without limitation, in order to comply with certain legal obligations, but may not be retrievable without a valid court order.
Consequently, Awagon encourages you to maintain your own backup of your Content.
In other words, Awagon is not a backup service and you agree that you will not rely on the Service for the purposes of Content backup or storage.
Awagon will not be liable to you for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the Services, or the loss of any Content.
You also acknowledge that the Internet may be subject to breaches of security and that the submission of Content or other information may not be secure.
You agree that Awagon is not responsible for, and does not endorse, Content posted within the Service.
Awagon does not have any obligation to prescreen, monitor, edit, or remove any Content.
If your Content violates these Terms of Use, you may bear legal responsibility for that Content.
Except as otherwise described in the Service's Privacy Policy, available at https://pacogames.com/privacy-policy/, as between you and Awagon, any Content will be non-confidential and non-proprietary and we will not be liable for any use or disclosure of Content.
You acknowledge and agree that your relationship with Awagon is not a confidential, fiduciary, or other type of special relationship, and that your decision to submit any Content does not place Awagon in a position that is any different from the position held by members of the general public, including with regard to your Content.
None of your Content will be subject to any obligation of confidence on the part of Awagon, and Awagon will not be liable for any use or disclosure of any Content you provide.
 Reporting Copyright and Other IP Violations 
We respect other people's rights, and expect you to do the same.
If you repeatedly infringe other people's intellectual property rights, we will disable your account when appropriate.
 Disclaimer of Warranties THE SERVICE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, AWAGON CONTENT, IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS", "AS AVAILABLE" AND "WITH ALL FAULTS" BASIS.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, NEITHER AWAGON NOR ITS PARENT COMPANY NOR ANY OF THEIR EMPLOYEES, MANAGERS, OFFICERS OR AGENTS (COLLECTIVELY, THE "AWAGON PARTIES") MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OR ENDORSEMENTS OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO: (A) THE SERVICE.
(B) THE AWAGON CONTENT.
(C) USER CONTENT.
OR (D) SECURITY ASSOCIATED WITH THE TRANSMISSION OF INFORMATION TO AWAGON OR VIA THE SERVICE.
IN ADDITION, THE AWAGON PARTIES HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, CUSTOM, TRADE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, SYSTEM INTEGRATION AND FREEDOM FROM COMPUTER VIRUS.

BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICE YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOUR ACTIVITIES ARE LAWFUL IN EVERY JURISDICTION WHERE YOU ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICE.
 Territorial Restrictions The information provided within the Service is not intended for distribution to or use by any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject Awagon to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country.
We reserve the right to limit the availability of the Service or any portion of the Service, to any person, geographic area, or jurisdiction, at any time and in our sole discretion, and to limit the quantities of any content, program, product, service or other feature that Awagon provides.
 Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding these Terms of Use, you may contact us using the information below. pacogames.com Luka 145 Luká, CZ 78324 CZ honza@pacogames.com 
Last Edited on 2017-03-28 
