
        PRIVACY POLICY FOR GYANKAAR TECHNOLOGIES PRIVATE LIMITED
INTRODUCTIONThis Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to the personal information we collect through the Web application (“Pagarbook” or “Web”) at pagarbook.com /web.pagarbook.com and Mobile Applications (“Mobile App” or “App”) at respective app stores (hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Platform”).
This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information we collect on the Platform, how we may use that information and with whom we may share it.
We also tell you how you can reach us to ask us to update your preferences regarding how we communicate with you or answer any questions you may have about our privacy practices.
When you access the Platform you accept, without limitation or qualification, the Privacy Policy set forth below and any additional terms of use set forth in the Platform.
We reserve the right to modify or update this Privacy Policy at any time and changes will become effective immediately upon posting.
You are requested to check for updates to the Privacy Policy periodically.



INFORMATION WE OBTAIN

We obtain the following forms of information from you:



Information You Submit

You may choose to provide us with personal information through the Platform, like:




Contact information, such as your name, address, telephone number and email address.


Payment information, such as your payment card details.


Information obtained from the account you use to login to the Platform.


Personal information in communications and other content you submit or share, such as photographs and video clips.


Information about services received/rendered on the Platform.


KYC Documents.


Beneficiary account details





Information We Collect By Automated Means

If you use the Platform, we may collect the following information by automated means:




The type of device you use and its operating system.




Identification details of your device (e.g., unique device identifier):


We collect and monitor the information about the location of your device to provide serviceability of your loan application, to reduce risk associated with your loan application and to provide pre-approved customised loan offers.
This also helps us to verify the address, make a better credit risk decision and expedite know your customer (KYC) process.
Information the App collects, and its usage, depends on how you manage your privacy controls on your device.
When you install the App, we store the information we collect with unique identifiers tied to the device you are using.
We collect information from the device when you download and install the App and explicitly seek permissions from You to get the required information from the device.
The information we collect from your device includes the hardware model, build model, RAM, storage.
unique device identifiers like IMEI, serial number, SSAID.
SIM information that includes network operator, roaming state, MNC and MCC codes, WIFI information that includes MAC address and mobile network information to uniquely identify the devices and ensure that no unauthorized device acts on your behalf to prevent frauds.


Internet protocol (“IP”) address.


Information about your use of the Platform.


Location




Collection of financial SMS information


We don’t collect, read or store your personal SMS from your inbox.
We collect and monitor only financial SMS sent by 6-digit alphanumeric senders from your inbox which helps us in identifying the various bank accounts that you may be holding, cash flow patterns, description and amount of the transactions undertaken by you as a uses to help us perform a credit risk assessment which enables us to determine your risk profile and to provide you with the appropriate credit analysis.
This process will enable you to take financial facilities from the regulated financial entities available on the Platform.
This Financial SMS data also includes your historical data.


We collect a list of the installed applications’ metadata information which includes the application name, package name, installed time, updated time, version name and version code of each installed application on your device to assess your credit worthiness and enrich your profile with pre-approved customized loan offers.




Camera


We require the camera information permission to provide you an easy/smooth experience and to enable you to click photos of your KYC documents along with other requisite documents and upload the same on the App during your loan application journey.





De-Identified and Non-Personally Identifiable Information

We automatically track certain information about you based upon your behaviour on our Platform.
We use this information to do internal research on our users’ demographics, interests, and behaviour to better understand, protect and serve our users and improve our services.
This information is compiled and analysed on an aggregated basis.
We also collect your Internet Protocol (IP) address and the URL used by you to connect your computer to the internet, etc.
This information may include the URL that you just came from (whether this URL is on our Website or not), which URL you next go to (whether this URL is on our Website or not), your computer browser information, and your IP address.
Cookies are small data files that a Website stores on Your computer.
We will use cookies on our Website similar to other lending websites / apps and online marketplace websites / apps.
Use of this information helps Us identify You in order to make our Website more user friendly.
Most browsers will permit You to decline cookies but if You choose to do this it might affect service on some parts of Our Website.
If you choose to make a purchase through the Platform, we collect information about your buying behaviour.
We retain this information as necessary to resolve disputes, provide customer support and troubleshoot problems as permitted by law.
if you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Website, we collect such information into a file specific to you.
We may de-identify personal information that we have collected from you through the Platform and combine it with de-identified information about other users, information from third parties, and/or publicly available information.






Platform Visitor ship Information

We gather information from the Website activity, such as data on the number of people who visit the Platform, the pages they visit, the duration of their stay, etc.
Platform Visitor ship Information includes: 




Collected on an aggregate, anonymous basis, which means no personal identifiable information is associated with this data.


Gathered through the use of web server logs and cookies.







USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED

We store the information collected from the Platform, which is used mainly to enhance the end user experience.
The information is processed and analyzed by automated means to offer a variety of features that you get from using the Platform.
The information will be used for advanced analytics to offer additional insightful features in future.
We may also anonymize (de-personalize) your information we collect and combine it with other information sources for the purpose of advanced analytics and future use cases.



STORAGE AND MAINTENANCE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED

Although we may store or track information about you, however, we shall not be obligated to do so and may delete any information and records, in whole or in part, solely at our discretion.
We require storage permission so that your KYC and other relevant documents can be securely downloaded and saved on your phone.
You can then easily upload the correct KYC related documents for faster loan application details filling and disbursal process.
This ensures that you are provided with a seamless experience while using the application.



LINK TO THIRD-PARTY SDK

The App has a link to a registered third party SDK which collects data on our behalf and data is stored to a secured server to perform a credit risk assessment.
We ensure that our third party service provider takes extensive security measures in order to protect your personal information against loss, misuse or alteration of the data.
Our third-party service provider employs separation of environments and segregation of duties and have strict role-based access control on a documented, authorized, need to-use basis.
The stored data is protected and stored by application-level encryption.
They enforce key management services to limit access to data.
Furthermore, our registered third party service provider provides hosting security – they use industry leading anti-virus, anti-malware, intrusion prevention systems, intrusion detection systems, file integrity monitoring, and application control solutions.



DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION

Our customer’s privacy is extremely important to us.
However, we may disclose certain information obtained due to the following:




To our employees, in order to diagnose and resolve any problems or to provide support to you.


To any other person, who perform services on our behalf, including credit-card and billing, survey administration, technical or customer support, shipping, and provision of email and data analytics.


To the business partners, who can alert you about the new services.
Upon receipt of any alert if you desire to be removed from such alert list, you may inform the sender or unsubscribe from the list as provided in each mail alert.


If we are required to do so by law, regulation or legal process, such as a court order or in response to legal requests by government agencies or when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical, financial or other harm, injury or loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity.


Data can be used for third party integration in order to provide additional services.



USE OF COOKIES

Some pages on the Platform use "cookies," which are small files that the Platform places on your hard drive for identification purposes.
These files are used for Platform registration and customization the next time you visit us.
Your web browser may allow you to be notified when you are receiving a cookie, giving you the choice to accept it or not.
By not accepting cookies, some pages may not fully function, and you may not be able to access certain information on this Website.



SECURITY OF DATA

We and our partners maintain commercially reasonably measures to maintain information security and prevent it from unauthorized access.
However, no security is fool-proof and in case we become aware of any breach of security of your information, we will notify you using the mobile number that we have.
If you do not agree to the terms discussed above, you should exit our Platform or stop using the same.
When you access our Platform, you acknowledge that you have read and agreed to abide by the terms described above.



LINK TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES

Our Platform may contain links to third party websites/apps, which are not under our control.
We have no responsibility or liability for and we make no representations whatsoever about any other website that you may have access to through our Platform.
These linked sites are only for your convenience, and therefore, you access them at your own risk.
The inclusion of such links does not imply that we endorse or accept any responsibility for the content or uses of such websites.



FORCE MAJEURENotwithstanding anything contained in this Privacy Policy or elsewhere, we shall not be held responsible for any loss, damage or misuse of your user information, if such loss, damage or misuse is attributable to a Force Majeure Event.
“Force Majeure Event” shall mean any event that is beyond our reasonable control and shall include without limitation, sabotage, fire, flood, explosion, acts of God, civil commotion, strikes or industrial action of any kind, riots, insurrection, war, acts of government, network errors, computer hacking, technical snags, unauthorized access to computer data and storage device, breach of security and encryption and any other like event beyond our control.

CHANGE IN PRIVACY POLICY

We reserve the right to update, modify and amend any of the terms of our Privacy Policy, at any time without prior intimation to you.
We shall not be liable for any failure or negligence on your part to review the updated Privacy Policy before accessing or using the Platform.
Your continued use of the Platform, following changes to the Privacy Policy, will constitute your acceptance of those changes.



CONTACT US

If you wish to contact us regarding our Platform or Privacy Policy, please contact us at:Phone: +91-7727049631Email: contact@pagarbook.com








