
         Overview 	PageCDN (Private) Limited ("us", "we", "our", "company", "the company") operates the pagecdn.com and pagecdn.io websites (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use the Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
	We use your data to provide and improve the Service and to improve the way we do our business with out clients.
By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from here. Information Collection And Use 	We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve the Service to you. Personal Data 	While using the Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data").
Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Business name and other information
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City and other billing information
Payment information, including details of Payment Cards and/or other payment means
Cookies and Usage Data
 Usage Data 	We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data").
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g.
IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of the Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. Tracking &amp.
Cookies Data 	We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on the Service and hold certain information.
	Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier.
Cookies are sent to your browser from our websites and stored on your device.
Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze the Service.
	You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of the Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:


Session Cookies: We use Session Cookies to operate the Service.

Preference Cookies:	We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.

Security Cookies: We use Security Cookies for security purposes.

Tracking Cookies: We use tracking Cookies for tracking you and your behaviour while using the service.
 Use of Data 	We use the collected data for various purposes:

To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to the Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of the Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
 Transfer of Data 	Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Pakistan, United States of America and United Kingdom to our server facilities for the purpose of processing it there.
We may from time to time add more facilities in various countries, or terminate existing data processing facilities.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
	Your website content uploaded at our servers for the purpose of acceleration and fast delivery to your website users is transmitted to our servers across several countries to achieve this purpose.
	We shall take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information. Disclosure of Data 	We may disclose your Personal Data in good faith with belief that such action is necessary to:

comply with a legal obligation
protect and defend the rights or property of PageCDN (Private) Limited
prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
protect against legal liability
 Security of Data 	The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Service Providers 	We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate the Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how the Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
	We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of the Service.
We use Google Analytics and reCaptcha that are covered under Google's Privacy Policy.
We also use Zen Desk (Privacy Policy) for intractions with our visitors and customers. Links to Other Sites 	The Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us.
If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site.
We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services. Children's Privacy 	The Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
	We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18.
If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us.
If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers. "Do Not Track" Signals 	We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT").
Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
	You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser. Changes to this Privacy Policy 	We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time.
We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
	We may NOT let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on the Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
	You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. Contact Us 	If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:

By visiting this page on our website: https://pagecdn.com/about/contacting-us
By sending email to: hello@pagecdn.com
By visiting us at our office: (2nd Floor) 384-E Johar Town Lahore, 54000, Pakistan

