
         Speedup My Site → 
 Libraries
 Pricing
 Optimizations


 Docs
 Login
 Speedup My Site →
 Cookies Policy— Last updated 27 March 2019.
 Overview Using cookies is a common practice with almost all professional websites.
Cookies are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience while visiting a website.
This page describes what information they gather, how we use them and why we sometimes need to store these cookies.
We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the site's functionality.
For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookie. How We Use Cookies 	We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below.
Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site.
It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use. Disabling Cookies 	You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this).
Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit.
Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site.
Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies. The Cookies We Set 	In order to provide you with a great experience on this site we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it.
In order to remember your preferences we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences.
Examples of Cookies we use:


Session Cookies: We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.

Preference Cookies:	We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.

Security Cookies: We use Security Cookies for security purposes.

Tracking Cookies: We use tracking Cookies for tracking your behaviour while you use our service.
 Third Party Cookies 	In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties.
The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.

This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience.
These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
You can read more about Google Analytics' policies here.
From time to time we test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered.
When we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimisations our users appreciate the most.
 Changes to this Cookies Policy 	We may update our Cookies Policy from time to time.
We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Cookies Policy on this page.
We may NOT let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Cookies Policy.
You are advised to review this Cookies Policy periodically for any changes.
Changes to this Cookies Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. Contact Us 	Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren't sure whether you need or not it's usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site.
However if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us through one of our preferred contact methods:

By visiting this page on our website: https://pagecdn.com/about/contacting-us
By sending email to: hello@pagecdn.com
By visiting us at our office: (2nd Floor) 384-E Johar Town Lahore, 54000, Pakistan
 pagecdn pagecdn pagecdnPrivacyTermsMalwareContact / hello@pagecdn.com© 2022 PageCDN We use cookies to recognize you, to personalize your experience, to show you relevant adverts,
to measure the effectiveness of our campaigns and to analyze traffic and website usage patterns.
Read our cookie policy.
I AGREE
      