
 Our website uses cookies and similar tools to improve its performance and enhance your user experience and by continuing to use this website without changing your settings, you consent to their use.
To find out more about the cookies we use or how to change your settings, please see our Cookie Policy.
OK  Search keyword 
Consumer 
Business 
Support 
About Us 
NEWS


 Consumer 
 Business 
 Support 
 About Us 


 NEWS 


Panasonic
Cookie Policy
 Cookie Policy Last modified: Mar 3, 2020 1.
What is cookie? This Website (www.panasonic.com/global and subdomains of panasonic.com) uses cookies.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we put on your computer.
These cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users of our website, they help us to provide you with the best possible experience when you browse our website and also allow us to make improvements.
Cookies improve your browsing experience by:

remembering settings, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you visit a new page
remembering information you’ve given so you don’t need to keep entering it
analysing how you use the website to improve the way it works for you, to make sure that you find what you’re looking for easily, and to ensure it meets your needs
monitoring the efficiency of our advertising
 2.
What cookies we use and how we use them Measuring website usage - Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to collect information about how people use this Website.
We do this to make sure it is meeting its users’ needs and to understand how we could do things better.
Google Analytics stores information about what pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you got here and what you click on.
We do not collect or store your name or address so this information cannot be used to identify who you are.
We do not allow Google to use or share our analytics data.
Please see Google Analytics Cookie Usage on Websites for more information.
- AddThis
We use a cookie associated with the AddThis social sharing widget which is commonly embedded in websites to enable visitors to share content with a range of networking and sharing platforms.
It stores an updated page share count. 3.
How to manage cookies If you continue with your visit to this Website, you consent to the use of our cookies.
Alternatively, you have options to manage the cookies that you want to accept from this site which we have detailed below.

Browser settings: Most browsers can be altered to prevent your computer from accepting cookies, although this may mean that some of the features of this site (and other sites) will not work properly and may restrict your user experience.
These settings will typically be found in the 'options' or 'preferences' menu of your browser.
In order to understand these settings, the following links may be helpful, otherwise you should use the 'Help' option in your browser for more details.

Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome


Turn off anonymous Google Analytics cookies: You can install a Google Analytics browser "plug in" to prevent the website sending information about your visit to Google Analytics.
More information about this can be found below.

Google Analytics &amp.
Privacy



Third Party Cookies


We sometimes use external suppliers to deliver services on our behalf, which means these cookies may be set by a third party (third-party cookies).
We do not control these cookies so if you would like more information about them or information on how to opt out, please see their individual Privacy and/or Cookie Policy. Other useful links If you would like to find out more about cookies and their wider use, you may find the following links of interest:

Microsoft Cookies guide
All About Cookies

For more information about how we use personal information on this Websites, please see our Website Privacy Policy.

 Back to Top 


Consumer

Projectors
Digital Cameras
Digital Video Cameras
Technics
SD Cards
Batteries
Telephones
Home Network System
Faxes (Drivers/Software)
Network Cameras
Mobile Phones (Software)
Video Intercom
Air Conditioning


Business

Product Categories
Industry-Specific Products
Solutions for Specific Topics


Support

Consumer Support
Business Support


About Us

Corporate Profile
Brand
Technology &amp.
Design
History
Careers


Sustainability

CSR policy and management
Environment
Society
Citizenship Activities
Initiatives for SDGs
Sustainability Data Book


IR

Financial Announcements
Presentation
IR Related Releases
IR Library
Financial Information


News

Press Release
Blog Posts
Feature Story
Channel Panasonic
Events / Exhibitions


 Print Back to Top 
 Area / Country 

Copyright © Panasonic Corporation

Site Map
Terms of Use
Web Accessibility Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Global Home

 Our website uses cookies and similar tools to improve its performance and enhance your user experience and by continuing to use this website without changing your settings, you consent to their use.
To find out more about the cookies we use or how to change your settings, please see our Cookie Policy.
OK 
