

  |&nbsp.
Subscription Terms 


Terms of Use
Subscription Terms
Premium Trial Terms
Privacy Policy
Community &amp.
Content Policy
Intellectual Property Policy
Tax Policy
Events
 Pandora Subscription Terms Effective as of October 18, 2016
Welcome to Pandora Subscription Services IMPORTANT! SUBSCRIPTIONS AUTOMATICALLY RENEW Your use of Subscription Services and Subscription Products is governed by these Subscription Terms, which are described in further detail below.
The following points are particularly important:

Subscriptions automatically renew until cancelled.
You may cancel your Subscription Product at any time by following these instructions in our Help Center, or the instructions included in your Subscription Product purchase, redemption, or renewal confirmation email, all subject to the terms below.
Cancellation will cease auto-renewal of Subscriptions, but Subscription Fees are non-refundable except where required by law.
The Access Period and cost of the Subscription Product you purchase are disclosed prior to purchase and confirmed via email following purchase.
We transfer your billing information to our payment processor(s) as disclosed in our Privacy Policy.
If you purchase a Subscription through an External Service, such as Apple, Google Play, or Roku, you must use the tools made available by those services to manage and/or cancel your Subscription.
In most cases, Trial redemption requires you to provide us with a payment method that will be charged for a Subscription for the Access Period you elected at Trial redemption once the Trial Access Period expires.
If you do not want a Subscription following the expiration of a Trial, follow these instructions in our Help Center to cancel your Subscription or contact Listener Support before your Trial Access Period expires.
Offers may be subject to additional limitations, which are generally presented to you at the time of offer receipt.
The most recent version of offer disclosures can be viewed on our Subscription Product Offers Additional Terms page, which we may update from time to time.

Pandora provides various subscription services (the "Subscription Services") to you subject to the terms and conditions contained in these Pandora Subscription Terms ("Subscription Terms").
Our Subscription Services include Subscriptions, Passes, Gift Passes, and Trials to our paid premium Pandora Service offerings ("Subscription Product(s)").
Read these Subscription Terms carefully before using the Subscription Services.
These Subscription Terms (which include the other documents referenced below) constitute a legal agreement between you ("you" or "your") and the Pandora entity issuing such services, as set forth in paragraph 12 below for your applicable Authorized Jurisdiction (as defined in the Pandora Terms of Use).
The Pandora Terms of Use and the Pandora Privacy Policy (collectively, the "Pandora Agreement"), which you agreed to when you registered for the Pandora Service (as defined in the Pandora Terms of Use), also apply to your use of the Subscription Services and are incorporated by this reference as part of these Subscription Terms.
If you purchase, register for, or redeem a Subscription Product through an External Service, you may also be subject to additional terms and conditions supplied by that service.
By purchasing and/or using a Subscription Product, and accessing or otherwise using any portion of the Subscription Services, you agree to be bound by these Subscription Terms, which contain liability limitations, an arbitration agreement, and a class action waiver, all as detailed in the Pandora Terms of Use.
These provisions control how disputes are resolved.
If you are not willing to be bound by these Subscription Terms, you should not purchase or use a Subscription Product, and you may not access or otherwise use any portion of the Subscription Services. 1.
Eligibility Requirements To be eligible to access and use the Subscription Services, you must meet the following criteria ("Eligibility Requirements"):

You must reside within one of the Authorized Jurisdictions, be at least 18 years of age or the age of legal majority in your Authorized Jurisdiction, and capable of entering into a binding agreement;
you must have an account in good standing with Pandora, which includes the payment of all Fees and Applicable Taxes, if any.
and
you must meet any additional qualifications or adhere to any limitations disclosed with the offer of an applicable Subscription Product, including limitations on the use of Trials and those additional terms specified on our Subscription Product Offers Additional Terms page, which we may update from time to time.

 2.
License for Your Use of the Subscription Services Subject to your compliance with these Subscription Terms including the Eligibility Requirements, Pandora hereby grants to you a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to access the Subscription Services in the Authorized Jurisdiction(s), and otherwise view and use the Subscription Services to the extent permitted by its intended functionality for your personal, non-commercial use, and not for the sublicense to or use by third parties. 3.
Subscription Products Access to the Subscription Services is available through a Subscription Product, which includes Subscriptions, Passes, Gift Passes, and Trials.
Certain Subscription Products, such as Trials, may be subject to additional terms, exclusions, or limitations, which will be disclosed to you at the time you receive the offer for the Subscription Product. 3(a).
Subscriptions You may purchase subscription access (a "Subscription") to the Subscription Services for a fee (the "Fee") for the period of time (the "Access Period") you have elected from the available options (e.g., monthly or annually).
The Fee is exclusive of any applicable federal, state, telecommunications, excise, or municipal taxes or duties, including VAT and GST (collectively, "Applicable Taxes") unless otherwise specified. 3(b).
Passes You may purchase access to the Subscription Services through a single use pass (a "Pass") for a Fee for the Access Period specified with the Pass (e.g., one day, one week, one month, etc.).
Once the Access Period for the Pass expires, you will no longer have access to the Subscription Service unless you purchase a Subscription or an additional Pass. 3(c).
Gift Passes You may access the Subscription Services through a single use gift Pass for the Access Period specified with the gift Pass ("Gift Pass").
Similar to a Pass, you will no longer have access to the Subscription Services once the Access Period for the Gift Pass expires unless you purchase a Subscription or a Pass.
You may be given the option of providing a credit card or other payment method during your redemption of a Gift Pass in order to ensure uninterrupted service after your free gift period ends.
You are under no obligation to provide such billing information during redemption of a Gift Pass.
If you do decide to provide this information, your Gift Pass will automatically convert into a Subscription for the Access Period you've elected, and your payment method will be charged the associated Fee and Applicable Taxes unless you have disabled auto-renewal.
You can disable auto-renewal by following these instructions in our Help Center or by contacting Listener Support. 3(d).
Trials You may access the Subscription Services through a single-use trial Pass ("Trial").
A Trial permits access to the Subscription Services for the Access Period disclosed with the Trial offer.
Similar to Passes and Gift Passes, once the Access Period for the Trial expires you will no longer have access to the Subscription Services unless you purchase a Subscription or a Pass.
In most cases, you will be required to provide a credit card or other payment method in order to redeem the Trial, and in order to ensure uninterrupted access to the Subscription Services after your Trial expires.
In such event, your Trial will automatically convert into a Subscription for the Access Period you've elected, and your payment method will be charged the associated Fee and Applicable Taxes unless you have disabled auto-renewal before the expiration of your Trial Access Period.
You can disable auto-renewal by following these instructions in our Help Center or contacting Listener Support. 4.
Access and Renewal Your ability to access and use the Subscription Service commences on the date we make the Subscription Services available to you following your purchase or redemption of a Subscription Product and remittance of the Fee and Applicable Taxes, if any, and continues until the end of the applicable Access Period.
Pandora will automatically renew or commence your Subscription for a new Access Period by charging the associated Fee plus any Applicable Taxes to the payment method you provided unless you cancel your Subscription as provided below.
Unless you affirmatively opt-out of automatic renewal either prior to the expiration of a Subscription Product or before the end of the then-current Access Period (as applicable), you hereby authorize Pandora to renew or commence your Subscription automatically at the end of each Access Period or at the expiration of your Subscription Product for a new Access Period.
If you opt-out of automatic renewal, your Subscription Product will expire and your access to the Subscription Services will cease at the end of its specified Access Period.
In order to continue to access the Subscription Services after your Access Period has expired, you will need to purchase or redeem a new Subscription Product.
You are required to maintain accurate and up-to-date payment information.
Pandora assumes no responsibility or liability if your Subscription Product fails to renew or otherwise expires because of outdated or incorrect payment information. 5.
Upgrades and Downgrades If during the Access Period of your currently active Subscription Product ("Current Product") you elect to upgrade to a different Subscription Product ("Upgrade Product") unless prohibited by the terms of the promotional offer, we will provide you with access to the Upgrade Product immediately upon the successful validation of your payment information and payment of the associated Fee plus any Applicable Taxes.
That Fee will be the difference between what you have paid for the unused portion of the Current Product and the charge for the Upgrade Product through expiration of the Access Period.
If during the Access Period of your Current Product you elect to downgrade to a different Subscription Product ("Downgrade Product"), you will retain access to the Current Product for the remainder of the Access Period.
Once the Access Period for the Current Product expires, we will provide you with access to the Downgrade Product upon the successful validation of your payment information and payment of the associated Fee plus any Applicable Taxes.
When that happens, you will only have access to the Downgrade Product and will no longer have to the former Current Product.
If your Upgrade Product or Downgrade Product is a Subscription, then it will renew automatically as described in these Subscription Terms unless you cancel or disable automatic renewal. 6.
Subscription Cancellation.
Refunds You may cancel the renewal of Subscription Product at any time by following these instructions in our Help Center, or the instructions included in your Subscription Product purchase, redemption, or renewal confirmation email.
You may also contact Listener Support with a request to cancel your Subscription Product.
If you cancel your Subscription Product during your current Access Period, your access to the Subscription Services will continue until the end of your then-current Access Period, at which point it will expire.
Purchase and/or redemption of your Subscription Product is final and non-refundable.
Pandora will not issue you any refund, including partial, pro-rated, or otherwise unless required to do so by law.
Gift Passes purchased at a physical retail location may be refundable by the retailer prior to code activation (check with the retailer for details).
Subscription Products do not have a cash value and are not redeemable for cash, permitted to be used for the payment of or offset any outstanding payments owed to Pandora for the Subscription Services, or combined with other promotional offers, incentives, or additional Subscription Products. 7.
Lost or Stolen Subscription Products Pandora is not responsible for lost or stolen Subscription Products, or unauthorized use or redemption of a Subscription Product.
Redemption codes for Subscription Products are void once activated. 8.
External Services If you purchase or redeem a Subscription Product through an external service (e.g., Google, Apple, Amazon, Roku, etc.) (each, an "External Service"), you must maintain accurate and up-to-date payment information with that External Service in order to continue to access the Subscription Services.
If you elect to purchase a Subscription Product directly from Pandora and you previously purchased a Subscription Product from an External Service, it is your responsibility to cancel your Subscription Product managed by that External Service in order to avoid duplicate charges.
As disclosed above, purchase of a Subscription Product is final and non-refundable except where the law requires Pandora to provide a refund, although the refund policy offered by External Services may differ.
Instructions in our Help Center provide details for canceling Subscription Products managed by certain External Services.
Please refer to the External Service through which you purchased or redeemed a Subscription Product for more details. 9.
Advertising Except in the few limited circumstances set forth in this paragraph and notwithstanding paragraph 13 of the Pandora Terms of Use, Pandora provides the Subscription Services to you free of third party advertising.
Certain audiovisual content, stations, channels, and playlists available on the Subscription Services may contain third party advertising or references to third party advertisers, particuarly if sponsored or underwritten by an advertiser.
If you receive the Subscription Services courtesy of an advertiser-sponsored Trial or Pass, then advertising related to that sponsoring advertiser may appear in the Subscription Services.
Pandora may also market, promote, and/or advertise itself, artist-related content including concerts and merchandise, and its own products or services through the Subscription Services. 10.
Availability and Modifications Pandora reserves the right to modify, offer additional, or cease offering Subscription Products and Subscription Services at any time in its sole discretion, including but not limited to changes in Fees, modifying the availability of and Eligibility Requirements for certain Subscription Products and Subscription Services, or modifying the features and functionality of certain Subscription Services.
If we cease offering your current Subscription Product, your access to the Subscription Services will continue until the end of your then-current Access Period.
In such event, we may elect to migrate you to a similar Subscription Product and charge your payment method the associated Fee at the end of your then-current Access Period.
We will provide you with thirty (30) days prior notice via email before changes in Subscription Products or Fees take effect.
Any changes to the Subscription Products or Fees will be effective upon your next billing cycle, and will not apply retroactively or to the remainder of your current Access Period.
In the event we do migrate you to a different Subscription Product, or modify your current Access Period or Fee, you may opt-out of these changes by disabling auto renewal of your Subscription Product, or cancelling your Subscription Product by following these instructions in our Help Center or contacting Listener Support. 11.
Changes to Subscription Terms We may modify these Subscription Terms from time to time.
If we make material changes to these Subscription Terms as it applies to your currently active Subscription Product, then we will supply you with appropriate notice (e.g., in-app notification, email, statement on the Pandora Service, etc) of those changes.
Revised Subscription Terms will become effective upon the next renewal of your Subscription Product and your continued use of the Subscription Services will consitute your acceptance of the revised terms.
If you are not willing to agree to the revisions, you may cancel your Subscription Product as disclosed in paragraph 6 above. 12.
Subscription Issuer Pandora Media California, LLC, a subsidiary of Pandora Media, Inc., is the issuer of Subscription Products in the United States and its related territories. 13.
Entire Agreement These Subscription Terms (including, without limitation, the documents incorporated into them constitute the complete and exclusive agreement between you and Pandora with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersede all prior or contemporaneous oral or written communications, proposals, representations, understandings, or agreements by or between you and Pandora concerning such subject matter. About Jobs Advertising Businesses For Artists Investor Blog Gifts Privacy Terms Help Community Â© 2020 Pandora Media, LLC, All Rights Reserved.
Pandora and the Music Genome Project are registered trademarks of Pandora Media, LLC | Ad Preferences 
      