
This Policy sets out our privacy practices and explains how we handle the information we collect when you visit and use our sites, services, products, and content ("Services").

We value your privacy a lot.
When you share information with us through the use of one of our Services, we make sure it is stored as securely as possible, and kept only for the purpose intended.

As such, we never share the information you provide to third parties, except for chosen partners that are used for the purpose of providing you the best Paper.li experience.
You always remain in control of your data.
You may edit or erase your data from our Services at any time.
When we refer to "we" or "us" in this policy, we mean Finity SA, which controls the information collected when you use the services (including but not limited to Finity.ai, Paper.li, ...).
This Policy does not apply to information collected by third-party Web sites linked to or otherwise accessible from Paper.li.
The information collected or received by third-party services is subject to their own privacy policies. How do we use the information we collect? The information we collect is used solely for the purpose of operating and improving our Services. I visit one of your services When you visit one of our services, we collect usage information, log data and remarketing data.
We use usage information and log data to compute non-identifying reports that are used to improve our services.
For that purpose, non-identifying usage information and log data are also shared with our third-party analytics services (including, but not limited to, Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics and HubSpot).
Log data may also be used to fight spam and other abuse of our services.
We use remarketing data to measure the conversion of marketing campaigns we sometimes do on external platforms like Facebook, Linkedin and Twitter, as well as present users who have visited our services relevant ads.
Remarketing data is collected through the usage of tracking pixels.
No personal information is contained in or collected as a result of using these tracking pixels.
Some Paper.li papers may include ads served by Google Ads.
Google uses cookies to help serve personalized ads, as expressed within the Cookies section.
More information can be found into Google Advertising Privacy &amp.
Terms document. I create an account on Paper.li When you create an account on Paper.li, you provide us account information.
From time to time, we use your email exclusively to send you information about new features of Paper.li, best practices and Paper.li discounts.
You can decide to opt out of these Paper.li marketing and product update communications at any time within your Paper.li account settings page under the Email notifications section.
We may also contact you to inform you about changes to our Paper.li Service and important Service-related notices, such as new Terms or other security notices.
These communications are considered part of the Service and you may not opt out of them.
Your name and email address may be securely transmitted to our third parties (including, but not limited to, customer.io).
We use those third-party tools as communication tools with you.
We also use your log data (more specifically your IP address) to know which country you are connecting from.
This information is used for statistical purposes.
We also collect your usage information and log data as a visitor of one of our Services. I subscribe to a Paper.li email newsletter Paper.li papers are created and managed by Publishers (Paper.li users).
When subscribing to a Paper.li paper email newsletter, your contact information is stored on our platform and automatically shared with the Paper.li Publisher (the user having created the paper).

We do not use your contact information for any other purpose other than sending newsletters on the publisher’s behalf.
When you unsubscribe from a newsletter, your contact information is immediately deleted from the paper’s newsletter subscription list.
You may also contact us directly to request deletion of your email across multiple papers or to request specific publishers to erase your contact information.
The Publisher may export your contact information into a third-party service for newsletter delivery (including, but not limited to, Mailchimp.com).
We also collect your usage information and log data as a visitor of one of our Services. I subscribe to a paid Paper.li plan To benefit from our Paper.li paid plan, you need to provide billing information and payment details (credit card or Paypal account).
The billing information and payment details you provide when upgrading a paper are collected by our partner Recurly and processed by our partner Wirecard Bank AG.
Recurly is PCI-DSS Level 1 compliant, a standard that provides a secure environment that goes above and beyond industry security standards and guidelines.
Recurly privacy policy is available under this page.
Wirecard Bank AG is one of the world’s leading independent providers of solutions for electronic payments and is a fully licensed German bank listed on the Frankfurt Securities Exchange.
Our partners 
never share with us payment details
 (that is, we never receive your credit card or Paypal account information under any circumstances).
Invoices and other billing information are sent by Recurly on our behalf to the billing information email address you have provided.
You may edit your billing information and/or payment details at any time by clicking on the Billing Dashboard URL found in the Billing Info tab of your account settings. I submit a Paper.li helpdesk ticket We use Zendesk.com as a platform to handle assistance requests.
Whenever you submit a Paper.li helpdesk ticket (either through email or the helpdesk request online form), Zendesk collects on our behalf contact information which is used to communicate with you.
Your communication and help requests are safeguarded and stored according to Zendesk privacy policy.
Your communication and help requests are stored indefinitely in Zendesk to document your support and billing requests with Paper.li. I submit a comment on the Paper.li Blog or Community Forums If you leave a comment on the Paper.li blog or ask a question in one of our Community Forums, you should be aware that any information you provide to these websites - including profile information associated with the account you use to post the information - may be read, collected, and used by any member of the public who accesses those sites.
Your profile and the information you enter may remain, even after you delete your account.
To request removal of your information from these publicly accessible sites, please contact us. I share public content on social media When you share public content on social media (including but not limited to Twitter, Facebook, Youtube, Instagram), your public social media activity may end up in our platforms.
To understand more about the type of activity you share publicly, we encourage you to check the Terms and Privacy Policies of the social media networks you use.
From time to time, you may be mentioned on Twitter as a news sharer by our Paper.li service.
You can turn off those mentions here.
If you do not want your content to be processed by our products at all, please reach out to us here. What information do we collect and store? Usage information 
Usage information includes the pages you visit, your language preference, your location, device and Internet browser details, and so on. Log data 
Log data contain data about the nature of each access of our services, including originating Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, the requested files, operating system versions, device type and timestamps.
Web servers usually keep log files that record data each time a device accesses those servers. Remarketing data 
Remarketing data is collected and stored by our marketing partners in order to measure the conversion of our marketing campaigns and to offer relevant advertising experiences on social media platforms.
Please find below links to pages with more information and opt-out details for each of our partners: Facebook 
How Ads Work on Facebook
Control the Ads You See
Your Info and Facebook Ads
 Twitter 
Interest-based Opt-out Policy
Your privacy controls for personalized ads
 Linkedin 
Cookie Policy


 Contact information You might provide us with your contact information, whether through a form on our website, a subscription to a paper newsletter or an interaction with our customer support team.
Contact information includes your email address and name. Account information To become a Paper.li user you need to have an account with us.
At registration, you share with us your name and email address.
If you choose to register by using a third-party account (such as your Twitter or Facebook account), we receive your personal information (name, avatar, email, and so on) from third parties if you give permission to those third parties to share your information with us.
Your password for those third-party services is never shared with us.

If you choose to register by email, you create a password (rest assured, your password is encrypted and stored securely).
All the aforementioned information (name, email address, password, personal information from third parties) constitutes your account information.
In addition, your account information will also include any Paper.li-specific settings you add to your account. Billing information &amp.
Payment details To benefit from our Paper.li paid plan, you need to provide billing information and payment details (credit card or Paypal account).
The billing information and payment details you provide when upgrading a paper are collected by our partner Recurly and processed by our partner Wirecard Bank AG.
Recurly is PCI-DSS Level 1 compliant, a standard that provides a secure environment that goes above and beyond industry security standards and guidelines.
Recurly privacy policy is available under this page.
Wirecard Bank AG is one of the world’s leading independent providers of solutions for electronic payments and is a fully licensed German bank listed on the Frankfurt Securities Exchange.
Our partners 
never share with us payment details
 (that is, we never receive your credit card or Paypal account information under any circumstances). Social media activity By social media activity we mean any activity that is publicly available on a social media network (including, but not limited to, Twitter, Facebook, Youtube, Instagram).
Such activity usually contains your identifier, name (as entered by the social media), the content you shared, your current location, and so on.
The information we receive from social media networks is solely determined by each social media network, according to their privacy policy and terms of service.
We encourage you to check their documentation to discover which kind of information they communicate with us. To whom do we transfer this information? We do not share your information or data with third parties outside Finity except in the following limited circumstances (as highlighted under the section How do we use the information we collect?):


Track our service’s usage and provide reports to help us improve our services and conversions


Allow our customers to pay for our Services


Facilitate communication and marketing with you


Manage our customer support services to you.


We only select third parties with a strong commitment to privacy and security standards.
When applicable, we enter into confidentiality and data processing agreements with them.
We will also share your information when we are obliged to do so under applicable laws or by order of the competent authorities. Data retention All data explicitly shared with us remains under your control.
At any time, you can decide to delete information you explicitly shared with us, and we will erase it completely from our Services.
Non-identifying information is set to expire after a given period of time.
In some limited cases, some information must be kept indefinitely due to legal obligations.
The following sections describe our retention policy for each group of information. Usage information Usage information shared with Google Analytics is kept up to 26 months after your last visit. Log data Log data stored on our platform is kept up to 6 months.
Log data shared with Google Analytics is kept up to 26 months after your last visit. Contact information Contact information used to subscribe to a Paper.li email newsletter is kept until the subscription is canceled through the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each newsletter.
Contact information used to submit a Paper.li helpdesk ticket is stored indefinitely in Zendesk. Account information Account information used to create an account on Paper.li is kept until account deletion (through Paper.li account settings page).
When you delete your account, your data is deleted within an hour from our system and third parties. Billing information If you delete your Paper.li paper or Paper.li account (please don’t, this will make us sad), your Recurly account will be closed.
However, billing information is kept for historical accounting and cannot be removed.
For further information, you may refer to Recurly Privacy Policy. Payment details If you delete your Paper.li paper or Paper.li account, your Recurly account will be closed and Recurly payment details are permanently deleted from their system.
For further information, you may refer to Recurly Privacy Policy. Social media activity Social media activity processed by our platform may be stored indefinitely for statistical purposes. How do we protect your personal information? Finity and its authorized partners shall take appropriate organizational and technical measures to protect your Paper.li Information and traffic data provided to us/them or collected by us/them, and shall not retain it any longer than permitted in order to perform its Services or as required under relevant legislation.
Your personal data can only be accessed by authorized employees of Finity, Finity authorized partners' employees needing to access this data to fulfill their given duties, or by Paper.li Pro Publishers in the case where you have a subscription to their online newspaper. Cookies Like many websites, we use "cookie" technology to collect additional website usage data and to improve our Services.
A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer's hard disk.
Paper.li may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with our Services, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on our services, and to customize and improve our Services.
We are also using 3rd party cookies.
Examples of the services we may be using are:


Google Analytics (Opt out)


Google Adwords &amp.
Adsense (Opt out)


Facebook (Opt out)


Criteo (Deactivate)


Addthis (Learn more)


Twitter (Learn more)


Linkedin (Learn more)


You can also deactivate specific 3rd party cookies through the following page managed by the EDAA (European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance): http://www.youronlinechoices.com.
Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies.
You can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit.
However, some Services may not function properly if you disable cookies.
You can visit http://www.aboutcookies.org for more information on how to manage and remove cookies across a number of different internet browsers. Can this Privacy Policy be modified? Finity reserves the right to modify the provisions of this Privacy Policy if deemed necessary.
We will inform you of these changes by publishing the revised Privacy Policy at paper.li.
The revised Privacy Policy shall become immediately effective once published.
You agree that your continued use of the Paper.li Service shall constitute your acceptance of the Privacy Policy. Can I object to my personal information being used and how to contact Paper.li? You may object to the processing by Finity of your personal data.
However, in this case, Finity may not be in a position to provide the Paper.li Service.
You can exercise your right to object to the processing detailed in the Privacy Policy by contacting Finity at legal@paper.li. Governing Law By accessing the Paper.li Service, you and Finity agree that all matters relating to your access to, or use of, Paper.li shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Switzerland, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this policy or the Paper.li service, please contact us at legal@paper.li.
