
         Cookies and Similar Technology Last update: 2018-05-23 We use cookies (sadly not the edible ones) and so-called pixel tags to collect information about visitors on our websites.
Pixel tags are invisible tags placed on certain pages of our websites, but unlike cookies, not saved on your computer.
A pixel tag triggers a cookie when you visit a website.
A cookie is a small piece of data sent from the website to your web browser and may be stored on your computer's hard drive.
Cookies allow us to recognize your computer while you are on the website and help customize your online experience and make it more convenient for you.
Cookies are also useful in allowing more efficient log-in for users, tracking transaction histories, and preserving information between sessions.
The information collected from cookies may also be used to improve the functionality of the website and to measure traffic patterns.
 Example of improved experience: If you visit our forum, you will not be asked for your password every time you visit, but rather every now and then, or when you clear your cookies manually.
 There are two main kinds of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies.
Session cookies are deleted from your computer when you close your browser, whereas persistent cookies remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach their expiry date.
You are entitled to choose whether or not you would like to use cookies.
If you do not approve to the use of cookies, please be sure to opt out, as in block or disable them using your browser settings as described below or the opt-out link provided to you on your first visit to the website.
 Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function.
They are usually set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as logging in or filling in forms.
You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the website might then not work.
These cookies do not store any Personal Information. View cookies dwsecuretoken_5af5cd16252afa0ed722759fd91b259a Provider - Salesforce/Demandware Authentication Session cookie dw Provider - Salesforce/Demandware Unclassified dw_cookies_accepted Provider - Salesforce/Demandware To check if user already accepted the site Privacy Policy dwsid Provider - Salesforce/Demandware Unauthenticated Session cookie.
This cookie lives for the life of a user interacting with a storefront site dw_dnt Provider - Salesforce/Demandware Unclassified dwanonymous_5af5cd16252afa0ed722759fd91b259a Provider - Salesforce/Demandware Anonymous customer tracking SESSION_TOKEN Provider - Salesforce/Demandware To keep user logged in different Paradox platforms mm_lcl Provider - Salesforce/Demandware To serve relevent price and content to user.
To set locale and used for pricebooks and currency accordingly cookie_consent - www.paradoxplaza.com To check if a customer has made a Cookie Consent choice functionality_optout - www.paradoxplaza.com To check if user has accepted functionality cookies targeting_optout - www.paradoxplaza.com To check if user has accepted targeting cookies __cfduid - Cloudflare Used by the content network, Cloudflare, to identify trusted web traffic srv_id - www.paradoxplaza.com Load balancing cookie Performance Cookies Performance Cookies: These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources in order to measure and improve the performance of the website.
These cookies help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and how visitors move around the website.
All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies.
If you do so, we will not know when you have visited our website, and will not be able to monitor its performance. View cookies _hjClosedSurveyInvites Provider - Hotjar Hotjar cookie.
This cookie is set once a visitor interacts with a Survey invitation modal popup.
It is used to ensure that the same invite does not re-appear if it has already been shown.
_hjDonePolls Provider - Hotjar Hotjar cookie.
This cookie is set once a visitor completes a poll using the Feedback Poll widget.
It is used to ensure that the same poll does not re-appear if it has already been filled in.
_hjMinimizedPolls Provider - Hotjar Hotjar cookie.
This cookie is set once a visitor minimizes a Feedback Poll widget.
It is used to ensure that the widget stays minimizes when the visitor navigates through your site.
_hjDoneTestersWidgets Provider - Hotjar Hotjar cookie.
This cookie is set once a visitor submits their information in the Recruit User Testers widget.
It is used to ensure that the same form does not re-appear if it has already been filled in.
_hjIncludedInSample Provider - Hotjar Hotjar cookie.
This session cookie is set to let Hotjar know whether that visitor is included in the sample which is used to generate funnels.
_ga Provider - Google Analytics Evaluate website performance in order to improve it, track engagement &amp.
CTR on ads/pages _gat_UA-994734-2 Provider - Google Analytics Evaluate website performance in order to improve it, track engagement &amp.
CTR on ads/pages _gid Provider - Google Analytics Evaluate website performance in order to improve it, track engagement &amp.
CTR on ads/pages YSC Provider - Youtube iFrame API We use this to track how many viewers and engagement levels we get on our streams PREF Provider - Youtube iFrame API We use this to track how many viewers and engagement levels we get on our streams VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Provider - Youtube iFrame API Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos.
dwac_9e6c781e389fde38babf5f8d7f Provider - Salesforce/Demandware Analytics cookie NID Provider - Google Analytics Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device.
The ID is used for targeted ads.
1P_JAR Provider - Google Analytics These cookies are used to gather website statistics, and track conversion rates.
CONSENT Provider - Google Analytics Unclassified NID Provider - Google Analytics Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device.
The ID is used for targeted ads.
numberOfGAhits Provider - Google Analytics Custom functional cookie to restrict the number of GA hits a session has.
Does not contain PII.
Functionality Cookies Off Functionality Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization.
They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services have been added to the website.
If you do not allow these cookies, some or all of these services may not function properly. View cookies __cq_seg Provider - Cquotient To serve relevant content to the user uuid Provider - Cquotient To serve relevant content to the user __cq_seg Provider - Cquotient To serve relevant content to the user __cq_uuid Provider - Cquotient To serve relevant content to the user __cq_dnt Provider - Cquotient To serve relevant content to the user cqcid Provider - Cquotient To serve relevant content to the user sid Provider - Cquotient To serve relevant content to the user cquid Provider - Cquotient To serve relevant content to the user Targeting Cookies Off Targeting Cookies Advertisers and/or other content providers that may appear on our website may also use cookies that are not sent by us.
Such advertisements or content may use cookies to help track and target the interests of users of the website in order to present customized and personalized advertisements or other messages that the user might find interesting.
These cookies uniquely identify your browser and Internet device.
Such cookies may even impact your experience of other websites you may visit subsequently.
If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Paradox Interactive AB is not responsible for any of our advertisers or content providers cookies and we will always require your active consent for our own targeting cookies. View cookies igodigitaltc2 Provider - iGoDigital Unclassified igodigitalst_10965211 Provider - iGoDigital Unclassified igodigitalst_10966259 Provider - iGoDigital Unclassified igodigitalstdomain Provider - iGoDigital Unclassified IDE Provider - iGoDigital Unclassified fr Provider - iGoDigital Unclassified _gads Analyse advertising traffic edgebucket Analyse advertising traffic eu_cookie_v2 Analyse advertising traffic reddaid Analyse advertising traffic rabt Analyse advertising traffic recent_srs Analyse advertising traffic rseor3 Analyse advertising traffic Save cookie settings 
      