
         Thank you for using ParkMobile!  At ParkMobile, we are committed to respecting your privacy.
This policy is designed to help you understand how we collect, use, and share information that we collect through the ParkMobile websites, mobile applications, and other services we operate.
Because we're an internet company, some of the concepts below are a little technical and can be confusing, but we've tried our best to explain things simply and transparently.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please let us know.
 What's changed 
 We updated our toll-free number.

 We made it easier for you to update your cookie preferences.

 We added more details about the data we collect and how it's used.
and 
 We made some stylistic changes so that our policy is easier to read.

 What information we collect  You may be asked to provide personal information anytime you interact with us or one of our affiliates, such as when you use one of our mobile apps.
The types of information we collect depends on how you use our services.
We collect information in a few different ways:  1. When you give it to us or give us permission to obtain it  When you sign up for or use ParkMobile you voluntarily share certain information including your name, telephone number, email address, payment card information, vehicle information, and any other information you give us.
When you use ParkMobile to make a parking transaction, we collect information related to the transaction, such as the parking facility, date and time of arrival and departure, services purchased, location information, and other transactional data.
You may also have the option to share other information about yourself such as your gender, age and preferred language.
 2. When a third-party gives it to us  We may collect your information when a third-party provides your information to us to use our services.
For example, your friend may provide us with your license plate number if she pays to park your car using her ParkMobile account.
If your employer has a business account with ParkMobile, your employer may provide us information necessary to set up your account.
 3. We collect technical information when you use our Services  When you use a website, mobile application or other internet service, certain internet and electronic network activity information gets created and logged automatically.
This is also true when you use ParkMobile.
Here are some of the types of information we collect: 


Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as information about your interactions with our Services.
This includes information about the content you view, the time you spend viewing the content, and the features you access on the Services that we collect using cookies, pixels, and other technologies.


Identifiers, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, device identifiers (including the manufacturer and model), and Media Access Control (MAC) address.


Geolocation data, such as where you are located when you use our Services.
and 

Standard server log data, such as your application version number, computer type (Windows or Macintosh), screen resolution, operating system, browser type and version, and the date and time of your visit.


 We may also aggregate or de-identify the information described above.
Aggregated or de-identified data is not subject to this policy.
 How we use your information  We collect and use your information so that we can operate effectively and provide you with the best experience when you use our app and/or web products.
We also use the information we collect for the following purposes: 


Fulfillment of parking transactions and other purchases, such as completing your parking transaction.
supplying the purchased services.
and communicating with you about and keeping proper records of those transactions.


Customer support, such as notifying you of any changes to our services.
responding to your inquiries via email, phone, writing, or social media.
investigating and addressing concerns raised by you.
and monitoring and improving our customer support responses.


Improving our services, such as conducting data analysis and audits.
developing new products and services.
enhancing our websites and mobile apps to improve our services.
identifying usage trends and visiting patterns.
conducting customer satisfaction, market research, and quality assurance surveys.
determining the effectiveness of our promotions.
meeting contractual obligations.


Marketing and promotions, such as sending you emails and messages about news and new promotions, features, products and services, and content.
providing you with relevant advertising on and off our services.
and administering your participation in contests, sweepstakes and promotions.
and 

Legal proceedings and requirements, such as investigating or addressing claims or disputes relating to your use of our services.
or as otherwise allowed by applicable law.
or as requested by regulators, government entities, and official inquiries.

 How and when we share your information  We may share the information we collect with: 1. Our wholly-owned subsidiaries and affiliates  We share information within the ParkMobile family of companies that help us provide our services or conduct data processing on our behalf.
If we were to engage in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or similar transaction or proceeding that involves the transfer of the information described in this policy, we would share your information with a party involved in such a process (for example, a potential purchaser).
 2. Third-party companies, service providers or business partners  We rely on third parties to perform a few contractual services on our behalf.
To do so, we may need to share your information with them.
For example, we may rely on service providers to enable functionality on our Services, to provide you with relevant content (including advertisements), to process your payments, and for other business purposes.
 3. Municipalities and private parking operators  We share your information with our municipality and other business partners with whom we have a contractual agreement in order to provide services to you.
For example, our partners will have access to your vehicle information for parking enforcement purposes.
By purchasing or reserving parking through the Services, you understand and direct us to share your vehicle, and other personal information with whichever of our partners controls the parking inventory that you are purchasing or reserving.
 4. Parking enforcement companies  Our clients frequently contract with third-party companies to enforce parking regulations and their parking facilities.
We may share your license plate number with relevant parking enforcement companies to confirm that you have paid to park at the facility.
 5. Law enforcement agencies or government agencies  We may share information with law enforcement agencies and/or the judicial system to confirm or dispute a traffic citation issued to you.
We may also disclose information if we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request.
to protect the safety, rights, or property of the public, any person, or ParkMobile.
or to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
 6. Your consent  We may share your information other than as described in this policy if we notify you, and you agree.
 7. Other services  We may share your information with third parties to enable you to sign up for or log in to ParkMobile, or when you decide to link your ParkMobile account to those services.
 Where we store your information  We process and store personal information inside and outside of the United States, including in countries that have privacy protections that may be less stringent than your jurisdiction.
 How we secure your information  Although we take steps to safeguard personal information, no practices are 100% secure, and we do not guarantee the security of your information.
 How we use cookies  We, along with our partners, use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit one of our services, and this may include using cookies or similar technologies to identify your browser or device.
We also use these technologies to collect and store information when you interact with services from our partners, such as advertising services.

 The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include: 


Cookies. A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer.
We use cookies to store information, such as your login credentials and website preferences, so that we can remember certain choices you’ve made Cookies can also be used to recognize your device so that you do not have to provide the same information more than once.


Web beacons. Pages of our services or our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).


Mobile device identifiers and SDKs. A mobile SDK is the mobile app version of a web beacon.
The SDK is a bit of computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown, data to be collected, and related services or analytics to be performed.


Other technologies. There are other local storage and Internet technologies, such as local shared objects (also referred to as “Flash cookies”) and HTML5 local storage, that operate similarly to the technologies discussed above.


 You may be able to refuse or disable cookies by adjusting your web browser settings.
Some browsers have options that allow the visitor to control whether the browser will accept cookies, reject cookies, or notify the visitor each time a cookie is sent.
Because each web browser is different, please consult the instructions provided by your web browser (typically in the “help” section).
Please note that you may need to take additional steps to refuse or disable local shared objects and similar technologies.
For example, local shared objects can be controlled through the instructions on Adobe’s Setting Manager page.
If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete these technologies, some of the functionality of the Services may no longer be available to you, and any differences in service are related to the data.
Deleting cookies may, in some cases, cancel the opt-out selection in your browser.

 Some of our third-party partners are members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which offers a single location to opt-out of ad targeting from member companies.
To learn more, please click here or here.
For additional information on how Google processes your information and what choices you may have, visit their site here.
Due to differences between websites and mobile apps, you may need to take additional steps to opt-out of interest-based advertising for mobile applications.
Please check your device settings and mobile app permissions for additional information on how to opt-out.
You also may stop further data collection from a mobile application by removing it from your mobile device.
If you're interested in learning more about cookies, click here.
You can update your cookie preferences for our website any time.



Do not track signals and similar mechanisms. Our website is not configured to read or respond to “do not track” settings or signals in your browser headings.
 Your choices and rights  You have options relating to the information that we have about you.
You can exercise these options, by completing our privacy request form.



Promotional emails and other marketing material. You can unsubscribe from receiving marketing material from us at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of our emails or by emailing us at privacy@parkmobile.io.
Unsubscribing from promotional material will not prevent you from receiving transactional, relationship, or non-commercial content from us.


Cookies and third-party advertising. You can update your cookie preferences for our website any time.
For instructions on how to adjust cookie settings and opt-out of third-party ad targeting in general, click here.


 Depending on where you live, you may have certain additional rights to: 

 Request access to your personal information.
and 
 Request deletion of your personal information 


Your California Privacy Rights. If you are a California resident, you may request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@parkmobile.io or write us at Parkmobile, LLC, Attn: Privacy Department, 1100 Spring Street, NW, Suite 200, Atlanta GA 30309.
 California residents  The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requires us to disclose categories of personal information we collect and how we use it, the categories of sources from whom we collect personal information, and the third parties with whom we share it, which we have explained above.

 In the preceding twelve months, we have collected personal information from you, your devices, our partners, third parties, and from categories of sources otherwise described in this policy.

 We are also required to communicate information about rights California residents have under California law.
California residents may exercise the following rights: 


Right to delete. You may submit a verifiable request to close your account, and we will delete personal information about you that we have collected.


Right to know and access. You may submit a verifiable request for information regarding: (1) categories of personal information we have collected.
(2) categories of sources from which we collect personal information.
(3) our business or commercial purpose for collecting personal information.
(4) categories of third parties with whom we share personal information.
and (5) specific pieces of personal information it has collected about you.


Right to opt out. You may submit a verifiable request that we not "sell" (as defined by CCPA) your personal information to third parties.


Right to equal service. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights.


 Just to clarify - we do not sell your personal information to any third party in exchange for monetary consideration.
However, like most companies, we do share information that could be considered a "sale," as defined by the CCPA.
This includes sharing identifiers, commercial information and internet or other electronic network activity with advertising networks and website analytics companies.
You can always opt out of this practice by updating your cookie preferences.


 If you would like to exercise your rights, please contact us via one of the following methods: 


Complete our online form


Call us toll-free at (877) 727-5457 

Email us at privacy@parkmobile.io 

Write to us at Parkmobile, LLC, Attn: Privacy Department, 1100 Spring Street, NW, Suite 200, Atlanta, GA 30309 

 To complete your request, you may be asked to provide additional information to verify your identity, such as the license plate number and/or last four digits of a credit card associated with your account.
We will compare the information you provide to any information we may have in our possession in order to verify your request.
The information you provide must match the information we have in our possession.
This measure is in place to help ensure that your personal information is not disclosed to any person who does not have the right to receive it.
The information collected through this process will be used for verification purposes only.

 If you would like to use an agent registered with the California Secretary of State to exercise your rights, we may request evidence that you have provided such agent with power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf.
 Children's data  Children under 16 are not allowed to use our services.
If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information.
If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at legal@parkmobile.io.


How we make changes to this policy  We may change this policy from time to time, and if we do, we’ll post any changes on this page.
If you continue to use ParkMobile after those changes are in effect, you agree to the new policy.
If the changes are significant, we may provide a more prominent notice or get your consent, as required by law.
 Contact us  Questions, comments, and complaints about ParkMobile’s data practices can be sent to our chief privacy officer by sending an email to privacy@parkmobile.io or writing us at Parkmobile, LLC, Attn: Privacy Department, 1100 Spring Street, NW, Suite 200, Atlanta, GA 30309.
You can also call us toll-free at (877) 727-5457. Last Updated 
Our privacy policy was last updated on July 31, 2020.

