
        1,Privacy Policy ,Parler ,02/14/2021,Parler, LLC and its affiliates (“Company,” “we,” “our,” and/or “us”) value the privacy of ,individuals who use our social news application, website, and related services (collectively, our ,“Services”).
This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) explains howwe collect, use, and share ,information from our users(“Users,” “you,” and/or “your”) to facilitate your commenting, social ,news, and influencer networking experience.
By using our Services, you agree to the collection, ,use, disclosure, and procedures this Privacy Policy describes.
Beyond the Privacy Policy, your ,use of our Services is also subject to our Terms of Service,https://legal.parler.com/documents/termsofservice.pdf,We process and store your information in the U.S.
We neithersell your information to third ,parties nor share your information with foreign governments except in the limited circumstances ,described in this Privacy Policy (see “How We Share the Information We Collect” below for ,more detail).
,Information We Collect ,We may collect a variety of information from or about you or your devices from various sources, ,as described below.
,A.Information You Provide to Us.,Registration and Profile Information.When you sign up for an account, we may collect ,information such as your name, email address, displayname, and profile photo.
,Verification Information.
If you choose to go through the verification process, we may ask for ,information that can be used to verify your identity, such as scans of your government-issued ,photo identification.
When your government-issued photo identification information is no longer ,necessary to verify your identity, we delete the scans (front and back).
We retain only an ,anonymized hash corresponding to the information the identification document contains, in order ,to prevent identity theft and impostor accounts.
No personally identifiable information from your ,identification document can be retrieved from the stored hash.
In addition to the identification ,information, we ask for you to take a selfie.
We retain the selfie to prevent the creation of ,impostor accounts, but we store them securely, in encrypted form.,Influencer Network Information.Unlike other platforms, Parler allows you to monetize your ,content, following, and goodwill.
As part of that, the law requires us to collect certain pieces of ,personally identifiable information.
Specifically, in addition to identification information (see ,above under “verification” for our collection and treatment of identifying information), we ,2,collect information on form W-9 as required by the IRS.
We are required to do this in order to ,facilitate the receipt by you of paymentsearned on Parler.
However, we store that information in ,secure, encrypted form.
We never share it, sell it, or use it in any way other than for purposes of ,legal compliance.,Content you Share.
We collect any information you choose to provide on our Services, such as ,parleys (posts),follows,photos, videos, gifs, comments, votes, and echoes.
,Payment Information.
If you make a purchase through our Services, your payment-related ,information, such as your credit and debit card or automated clearing house (ACH) information, ,is collected and stored by our third-party payment processor on our behalf.
,Communications.
If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you.
,For example, if you contact us for customer support, we may receive your name, email address, ,phone number, the contents of any message or attachments you may send to us, and any other ,information you choose to provide.
,B.
Information We Collect When You Use Our Services.,Deviceand LocationInformation.
We receive information about the device and software you ,use to access our Services, including IP address(from which location may be inferred), device ,type, web browser type, operating system version, phone carrier and manufacturer, member,agents, application installations, device identifiers, mobile advertising identifiers, and push ,notification tokens.
,Usage Information.
We automatically receive information about your interactions with our ,Services, such as the posts or other content you view, the searches you conduct, the people you ,follow, and the dates and times of your visits.
,Your Contacts.
If you permit us to access the address book on your device or give us permission ,to import your contacts from an email account associated with your account, we may access and ,store names and contact information from your address book tohelp you follow your contacts, ,and your contacts to follow you.,Information from Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We may collectinformation using ,cookies, pixel tags, and similar technologies.
Cookies are small text files containing a string of ,alphanumeric characters.
We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies.
A session ,cookie disappears after you close yourbrowser.
A persistent cookie remains after you close your ,browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to our Services.
,Please review your web browser’s “Help” file to learn the proper way to modify your cookie ,settings.
Please note that if you delete or choose not to accept cookies from our Services, you ,may not be able to utilize the features of our Services to their fullest potential.
,3,How We Use the Information We Collect ,We may use the information we collect: ,●To provide, maintain, and improve our Services.
,●To personalize your experience on our Services, such as by providing tailored content ,and recommendations.
,●To understand and analyze how you use our Services and develop new products, services, ,features, and/or functionality.
,●To communicate with you, provide you with updates and other information relating to ,our Services, provide information that you request, respond to comments and questions, ,and otherwise provide customer support.
,●For marketing and advertising purposes, such as developing and providing promotional ,and advertising materials that may be relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest to you.
,●To send you text messages and push notifications.
,●To facilitate transactions, redemptions, and payments.
,●To verify your identity and determine your eligibility to join our influencer network.
,●To find and prevent fraud and respond to trust and safety issues.
,●For compliance purposes, including enforcing our Terms of Serviceor other legal rights, ,or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial ,process or governmental agency.
and ,●For other purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time the information is ,collected.
,How We Share the Information We Collect ,Vendors and Service Providers.
We may share any information we receive with vendors and ,service providers retained in connection with the provision of our Services.
,Content you Share.
Our Services are social services that allow you to find, enjoy, and share ,content.
Your display name, displayname, profile photo, about me section, and contacts (i.e., ,membersyou are following) will always be viewable and/or searchable by other Members.
The ,content you post to our Services will be displayed and viewable by other Membersby default.
,Although this content is public by default, in the “Your Choices” section below, we describe the ,account settings and controls you can use to limit the sharingof certain information.
We are not ,responsible for other Members’ use of available information, so you should carefully consider ,whether and what to post and how you identify yourself on our Services.
,Marketing.
Wedo not and will neverrent, sell, or share information about you with ,nonaffiliated third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless we have your affirmative ,express consent.
,As Required By Law and Similar Disclosures.
We may access, preserve, and disclose your ,information if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (a) comply with law ,4,enforcement requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena.
(b) respond to your ,requests.
or (c) protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety.
For the avoidance of ,doubt, the disclosure of your information may occur if you post any objectionable content on or ,through our Services.
,Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers.
We may transfer your information to service ,providers, advisors, potential transactional partners, or other third parties in connection with the ,consideration, negotiation, or completion of a corporate transaction in which we are acquired by ,or merged with another company or we sell, liquidate, or transfer all or a portion of our assets.
,The use of your information following any of these events will be governed by the provisions of ,this Privacy Policy in effect at the timeof the acquisition or merger.
,Consent.
We may also disclose your information with your permission.,Your Choices ,Sharing Preferences.
We provide you with settings to allow you to set your sharing preferences ,for content you post to our Services.
Certain information, such as your displayname, may always ,be publicly available to others, and other information is made publicly available to others by ,default.
To change whether certain information is publicly viewable, you can adjust the settings ,in your account.
,Marketing Communications.
We send you marketing communications consistent with your ,choices.
You can unsubscribe from our promotional emails by adjusting your account settings or ,via the link provided in the emails.
Even if you opt-out of receiving promotional messages from ,us, you will continue to receive administrative messages from us.
,Notifications.
You can opt-out of receiving notifications for posts, votes, echoes, comments, ,and followers by adjusting your profile and/or operating system (i.e., iOS or Android) settings.
,Third Parties ,Our Services may contain links to other websites, products, or services that we do not own or ,operate.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties.
Please be aware ,that this Privacy Policy does not apply to your activities on these third-party services or any ,information you disclose to these third parties.
We encourage you to read their privacy policies ,before providing any information to them.
,For example, any information you share with Google as a consequence of sharing or interacting ,with YouTube content on Parler is governed byGoogle's privacy policy.
Google now provides ,users some control over the collection of data by its users and API Clients like Parler.
followthis ,linkfor moreinformation on revoking an API client's access to your data.
Exercising such ,control may require having a Google account, which itself may be a privacy concern for some of ,our members.
Therefore, membersare encouraged to use Parler's own native video capabilities ,(or the capabilities of other platforms equally respectful of memberprivacy) if they wish to avoid ,5,sharing data with Google.(A similar disclaimer applies to Rumble, an emerging competitor of ,Google-YouTube.
When in doubt, consult the privacy policy of the entity responsible for ,facilitating the display of content on our Services, before choosing to interact with it, so you can ,make an informed decision about your privacy.),Security ,We make reasonable efforts to protect your information by using physical and electronic ,safeguards designed to improve the security of the information we maintain.
However, as our ,Services are hosted electronically, we can make noabsoluteguarantees as to the security or ,privacy of your information.,Children ,We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information from children under 13 years ,of age, and no part of our Services is directed to children.
If you learn that a child has provided ,us with personal information in violation of this Privacy Policy, then you may alert us at ,privacy@parler.com.
,International Transfers of Data ,Our Services are hosted in the United States and intended for visitors located within the United ,States.
If you choose to use our Services from the European Union or other regions of the world ,with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S.
law, then please note that ,you are transferring your personal information outside of those regions to the United States for ,storage and processing.
By providing any information, including personal information, on or to ,our Services, you consent to such transfer, storage, and processing.
,Update Your Information or Pose a Question,You can update your account and profile information through your account settings.
You can ,delete your account by selecting “Delete Account” under the “Settings and Privacy” section of ,the left drop-down menu of the website or app.
If you have questions about your privacy on the ,Services or this privacy policy, please contact us atprivacy@parler.com,Changes to the Privacy Policy ,We will post any adjustments to the Privacy Policy on this page, and the revised version will be ,effective when it is posted.
If we materially change the ways in which we use or share personal ,information previously collected from you through our Services,we will notify you through our ,Services, by email, or other communication.
,6,Your California Privacy Rights,If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding ,our use of your personal information.
To learn more about your Californiaprivacyrights, visit ,our CCPA Privacy Notice at https://legal.parler.com/documents/ccpapolicy.pdf.,California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Website ,whoare California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal ,information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
To make such a request, please ,send usan e-mail to privacy@parler.comor write to us at ,Parler Data Privacy,209 S Stephanie Street ,B135 ,Henderson, NV 89012,Contact Information &amp.
Effective Date ,If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about our processing activities, please email ,us at privacy@parler.comor write to us at 209 S Stephanie Street B135 Henderson, NV 89012.
,Last Updated: [February 14, 2021]
      