


Privacy Policy


 Effective date: August 11, 2020 
 We at Patio know you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously.
Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy.
 By using or accessing the Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and you hereby consent that we will collect, use, and share your information in the following ways.


 Remember that your use of Patio's Services is at all times subject to our Terms of Use, which incorporates this Privacy Policy.
Any terms we use in this Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the Terms of Use.



 What does this Privacy Policy cover? 




 This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information (“Personal Data”) that we gather when you are accessing or using our Services, but not to the practices of companies we don’t own or control, or people that we don’t manage.
We gather various types of Personal Data from our users, as explained in more detail below, and we use this Personal Data internally in connection with our Services, including to personalize, provide, and improve our services, to allow you to set up a user account and profile, to contact you and allow other users to contact you, to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, and to analyze how you use the Services.
In certain cases, we may also share some Personal Data with third parties, but only as described below.



 What Personal Data does Patio collect? 


 We collect Personal Data about you when you provide such information directly to us, when third parties such as our business partners or service providers provide us with Personal Data about you, or when Personal Data about you is automatically collected in connection with your use of our Services.


 Personal Data You Provide to Us: 

 We receive and store any information you provide to us.
For example, through the registration process and/or through your account settings, we may collect Personal Data such as the following: 
 First and last name 
 Email address 
 Telephone number 
 Anything you upload, post or choose to share (for example, comments and posts you submit publically, photographs you upload, etc.), which can include Personal Data if you include Personal Data in such content 
 Please note that certain information may be required to register with us or to take advantage of some of our features.


 Information Collected Automatically 

 Whenever you interact with our Services, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser or device, which may include the following: 
 IP address 
 Device identifiers and information 
 Web browser information 
 Page view statistics 
 Browsing history 
 Usage information 
 Cookies — for more information, see below 
 Location information (e.g.
IP address, zip code) 
 Log data (e.g.
access times, hardware and software information) 
 Additional Information about Cookies: 
 “Cookies” are identifiers we transfer to your browser or device that allow us to recognize your browser or device and tell us how and when pages and features in our Services are visited and by how many people.
You may be able to change the preferences on your browser or device to prevent or limit your device’s acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent you from taking advantage of some of our features.

 Our service providers may also transmit cookies to your browser or device in certain situations, such as when you click on a link to a third party website or service.
This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies by any third parties, and we aren’t responsible for their privacy policies and practices.
Please be aware that cookies placed by third parties may continue to track your activities online even after you have left our Services, and those third parties may not honor “Do Not Track” requests you have set using your browser or device.


 Information We Receive From Third Party Sources 

 Some third parties such as our business partners and service providers provide us with Personal Data about you, such as the following: 

 Information from our service providers : We receive information collected by third parties about your use of the Services.
For example, we may use analytics service providers to analyze how you interact and engage with the Services, so we can learn and make enhancements to offer you a better experience.
Some of these entities may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites, which may include tracking activity across time and unaffiliated properties, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information.
Third parties may also help us provide you with customer support, and provide us with information so that we may help you use our Services.



 How do we use your Personal Data? 


 We process Personal Data to operate, improve, understand and personalize our Services.
For example, we use Personal Data to: 
 Communicate with you about the Services, including Service announcements, updates or offers 
 Provide support and assistance for the Services 
 Personalize website content and communications based on your preferences 
 Create and manage user profiles 
 Respond to user inquiries 
 Fulfill user requests 
 Comply with our legal or contractual obligations 
 Resolve disputes 
 Protect against or deter fraudulent, illegal or harmful actions 
 Enforce our Terms of Use 
 As noted above, we may communicate with you if you’ve provided us the means to do so.
For example, if you’ve given us your email address, we may send you promotional email offers on behalf of other businesses, or email you about your use of the Services.
If you do not want to receive communications from us, please indicate your preference by emailing us at support@patio.app.



 Will Patio share any of the Personal Data it receives? 


 We may share your Personal Data with third parties as described in this section: 

 Data That’s Been De-identified 



 We may de-identify your Personal Data so that you are not identified as an individual, and provide that information to our partners.
We may also provide aggregate usage information to our partners (or allow partners to collect that information from you), who may use such information to understand how often and in what ways people use our Services, so that they, too, can provide you with an optimal online experience.
However, we never disclose aggregate usage or de-identified information to a partner (or allow a partner to collect such information) in a manner that would identify you as an individual person.


 Service Providers 

 We share Personal Data with vendors and third party service providers who work on our behalf and provide us with services related to the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use.
These parties may include: 
 Fraud prevention service providers 
 Analytics service providers 
 Staff augmentation and contract personnel 
 Hosting service providers 
 Co-location service providers 
 Telecommunications service providers 
 Unless we tell you differently, our vendors and service providers do not have any right to use the Personal Data we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us.


 Affiliated Businesses 

 In certain situations, businesses or third party websites we’re affiliated with may sell or provide products or services to you through or in connection with the Services (either alone or jointly with us).
You can recognize when an affiliated business is associated with such a transaction or service, and we will share your Personal Data with that affiliated business only to the extent that it is related to such transaction or service.
We have no control over the policies and practices of third party websites or businesses as to privacy or anything else, so if you choose to take part in any transaction or service relating to an affiliated website or business, please review all such business’ or websites’ policies.


 Data Shared at Your Request 

 We also share Personal Data when necessary to complete a transaction initiated or authorized by you or provide you with a product or service you have requested.
In addition to those set forth above, these parties also include: 
 Other users (where you post information publicly or as otherwise necessary to effect a transaction initiated or authorized by you through the Services) 
 Social media services (if you interact with them through your use of the Services) 
 Third party business partners who you access through the Services 
 Other parties authorized by you 

 User Profiles and Submissions 

 Certain user profile information, including your name, location, and any video or image content that such user has uploaded to the Services, may be displayed to other users to facilitate user interaction within the Services or address your request for our services.
Your account privacy settings may allow you to limit the other users who can see the Personal Data in your user profile and/or what information in your user profile is visible to others.
Please remember that any content you upload to your public user profile, along with any Personal Data or content that you voluntarily disclose online in a manner other users can view (on discussion boards, in messages and chat areas, etc.) becomes publicly available, and can be collected and used by anyone.
Your user name may also be displayed to other users if and when you send messages or comments or upload images or videos through the Services and other users can contact you through messages and comments.


 Business Transfers 

 We may choose to buy or sell assets, and may share and/or transfer customer information in connection with the evaluation of and entry into such transactions.
Also, if we (or our assets) are acquired, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control, Personal Data could be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.


 Protection of Company and Others 

 We reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information that we believe is necessary to comply with law or court order.
enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements.
or protect the rights, property, or safety of Company, our employees, our users, or others.



 Is Personal Data about me secure? 


 Your account is protected by verifying your mobile phone number for your privacy and security.
You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Data by d limiting access to your computer or device, mobile device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.

 We endeavor to protect the privacy of your account and other Personal Data that we hold in our records, but unfortunately, we cannot guarantee complete security.
Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time.



 How long do we retain your Personal Data? 


 We retain Personal Data about you for as long as you have an open account with us or as otherwise necessary to provide you Services.
In some cases we retain Personal Data for longer, if doing so is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or collect fees owed, or is otherwise permitted or required by applicable law, rule or regulation.
Afterwards, we retain some information in a depersonalized or aggregated form but not in a way that would identify you personally.



 What Personal Data can I access? 


 Through your account settings, you may access, and, in some cases, delete the following information you’ve provided to us: 
 First and last name 
 Email address 
 Telephone number 
 Anything you upload, post or choose to share (for example, comments and posts you submit publically, photographs you upload, etc.), which can include Personal Data if you include Personal Data in such content 
 The information you can view, update, and delete may change as the Services change.
If you have any questions about viewing or updating information we have on file about you, please contact us at support@patio.app.
Residents of California may have other rights – please see below for additional information.



 What choices do I have? 


 You can always opt not to disclose information to us, but keep in mind some information may be needed to register with us or to take advantage of some of our features.

 You may be able to add, update, or delete information as explained above.
When you update information, however, we may maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records.
You may request deletion of your account by emailing us at support@patio.app.
Some information may remain in our records after your deletion of such information from your account.
We may use any aggregated data derived from or incorporating your Personal Data after you update or delete it, but not in a manner that would identify you personally.



 What about the Personal Data of children? 


 As noted in the Terms of Use, we do not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information from children under thirteen (13).
if you are a child under thirteen (13), please do not attempt to register for or otherwise use the Services or send us any personal information.
If we learn we have collected personal information from a child under thirteen (13), we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
If you believe that a child under thirteen (13) may have provided us personal information, please contact us at support@patio.app.



 Will Patio ever change this Privacy Policy? 


 We’re constantly trying to improve our Services, so we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time as well, but we will alert you to changes by placing a notice on the www.schiffadams.com website, by sending you an email, and/or by some other means.
Please note that if you’ve opted not to receive legal notice emails from us (or you haven’t provided us with your email address), those legal notices will still govern your use of the Services, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them.
If you use the Services after any changes to the Privacy Policy have been posted, that means you agree to all of the changes.
Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used.



 What if I have questions about this policy? 


 If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policies, please send us a detailed message to support@patio.app and we will try to resolve your concerns.
 Privacy Terms Copyright Support 
      