
        Popup headingClose Accessibility
Press ‎↵ Enter‎ for Accessibility for blind people who use screen readers
Press ‎↵ Enter‎ for Keyboard Navigation
Press ‎↵ Enter‎ for Accessibility menu
Please note: This website includes an accessibility system.
Press Control-F11 to adjust the website to the visually impaired who are using a screen reader.
Press Control-F10 to open an accessibility menu.
Please enable JavaScript to use Paxful website! AML Policy Paxful, Inc.
and Paxful USA, Inc.
(individually and collectively, the “Company”), incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware offers services through an internet-enabled peer-to-peer (“P2P”) marketplace for the purchase and sale of digital assets.
The Company is registered as a Money Services Business with the United States Treasury Department’s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (“FinCEN”).
Paxful's Anti-Money Laundering (“AML”) policies and procedures are designed to deter illicit activities on the platform, protect the users, the business, and the digital currencies and financial services communities from exploitation by criminals.
The Company is compliant with the requirements of the Bank Secrecy Act and related FinCEN regulations and guidance.
As part of Paxful’s Compliance policies, Know Your Customer (“KYC”) policies and procedures for individual and institutional customers have been designed to enable the Company to form a reasonable belief that it knows the true identity of those of its customers for which such review has been performed.
The policy applies to all users on the platform and is followed by all of the Company’s employees, consultants, officers, owners and directors.
Using a risk based approach as part of KYC &amp.
AML Compliance, Paxful has taken the following measures:

Appointment of a Chief Compliance Officer who has the sufficient level of expertise and independence, has responsibility for the oversight of compliance with the relevant legislation, regulations, rules and industry guidance;
Establishing and maintaining risk-based KYC, Customer Due Diligence (CDD), and Enhanced Due Diligence (EDD) Policy;
Establishing risk-based tiers for verification of the Company's users (refer to this Blog post);
Cooperation with law enforcement requests and local regulatory requirements;
Filing of Suspicious Activity Reports (“SARs”);
Company-wide BSA/AML/OFAC training;
Use of various anti-fraud systems;
Ongoing rule based transaction monitoring;
Investigations using blockchain analytics;

We file SARs if we know, suspect or have reason to suspect suspicious activities have occurred on our platform.
A suspicious transaction is often one that is inconsistent with a user’s known and legitimate business, personal activities or personal means.
Our Chief Compliance Officer reviews and investigates suspicious activity to determine if sufficient information has been collected to justify the filing of a SAR.
Our Chief Compliance Officer maintains records and supporting documentation of all SARs that have been filed.
The Company has also adopted ongoing OFAC sanctions policies and procedures designed to protect the platform from being used for prohibited transactions, by sanctioned individuals or for the purposes of evading, avoiding or otherwise circumventing U.S.
and global sanctions.
Paxful fully cooperates with all OFAC, Specially Designated Nationals (SDN) and Blocked persons sanctions lists.
Please refer to the following link for the Company's list of risk-based banned countries that are prevented from using Paxful's platform.
Where Paxful has provided you with a translation of the English language version of this policy, then you agree that the translation is provided for your convenience only and that the English language versions of the policy will govern your relationship with Paxful.
If there is any contradiction between what the English language version of the policy says and what a translation says, then the English language version shall control. Dark theme English (en) 
 Bahasa Indonesia 
 Bahasa Melayu 
 Čeština 
 Dansk 
 Deutsch 
 Eesti 
 English 
 Español 
 Français 
 Hausa 
 Italiano 
 Latviešu 
 Lietuvių 
 Nederlands 
 Norsk Bokmål 
 Polski 
 Português 
 Português brasileiro 
 Suomi 
 Svenska 
 Tiếng Việt 
 Türkçe 
 Wikang Tagalog 
 Русский 
 한국어 
 日本語 
 简体中文(SC) 
 繁體中文(TC) 
 FAQ &amp.
Help Center Accessibility  For You 

 Buy Bitcoin 
 Buy Tether 
 Buy Ethereum 
 Sell Bitcoin 
 Sell Tether 
 Sell Ethereum 
 Become a Vendor 
 Paxful Wallet 

 For Your Business 

 Pay with Paxful 
 Virtual Bitcoin Kiosk 
 API Documentation 

 For Your Community 

 Paxful Peer Program 
 Paxful Affiliate Program 
 Paxful Alliance 
 Community 

 Buy Anywhere 

 Buy Bitcoin in USA 
 Buy Bitcoin in Nigeria 
 Buy Bitcoin in China 
 Buy Bitcoin in India 
 Buy Bitcoin in Russia 

 Useful Links 

 Paxful Status 
 Bitcoin Calculator 
 Peer-to-Peer Market Prices 
 Bitcoin ATM Map 

 About Paxful 

 About Us 
 Business Contacts 
 Careers 
 Paxful Blog 
 What's new 
 Paxful Reviews 
 Built with Bitcoin 
 Legal 
 Terms &amp.
Conditions 
 Vendor Reminder 
 AML Policy 
 Stablecoin Terms of Service 
 Privacy Notice 
 Bug Bounty Policy 
 Cookie Policy 


 Instagram 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 YouTube 
 Reddit 

 “PAXFUL” is a registered trademark of Paxful, Inc.
Copyright © 2021 Paxful, Inc.
All Rights Reserved.
Paxful Inc.
has no relation to MoneyGram, Western Union, Payoneer, WorldRemit, Paxum, Paypal, Amazon, OkPay, Payza, Walmart, Reloadit, Perfect Money, WebMoney, Google Wallet, BlueBird, Serve, Square Cash, NetSpend, Chase QuickPay, Skrill, Vanilla, MyVanilla, OneVanilla, Neteller, Venmo, Apple, ChimpChange or any other payment method.
We make no claims about being supported by or supporting these services.
Their respective wordmarks and trademarks belong to them alone.
Official mailing address: 3422 Old Capitol Trail, PMB 989, Wilmington DE 19808
 Contact Us
      