
        AcceptanceBy accessing this site and making use of PayGVPN, a service offered by Critical Dynamics OU (hereafter, ‘we’, ’us’, ’our’, ‘company’ or ‘Critical Dynamics’), you stipulate that you (hereafter, ‘you’, ‘yourself’ or ‘user’):


Are the legal owner of the device used for utilising PayGVPN.

Agree, on behalf of yourself and/or those who may gain access to your device, to comply with and be legally bound by these Terms of Service (hereafter, ‘Terms’ or ‘ToS’) in their entirety.
and 
Are at least eighteen (18) years of age and of full mental capacity;
Will cease using PayGVPN immediately in case you disagree with any of the provisions included hereunder.
ModificationWe reserve the right to modify and update these Terms at our sole discretion, at any time, for any reason, and without liability.
We also reserve the right to modify or update the operation of the service at our sole discretion, at any time, for any reason, and without notice or liability.
We may even suspend our service entirely, in which event we will notify you in advance unless extenuating circumstances, such as safety or security concerns, prevent us from doing so.SeverabilityIf any part of these ToS are deemed invalid or unenforceable, then you and us (hereafter, ‘parties’) agree to deem the invalid and unenforceable provision(s) superseded by those valid and enforceable provision(s) that reflect as closely as possible the intent of the original provision(s), and the remainder of these ToS will continue in full effect.LicenceWe retain all right, title and interest in and to the service and any portion thereof, including, without limitation, all copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights.
You shall not take any action to jeopardise, limit or interfere in any manner with our ownership of and rights with respect to the service.
All rights are reserved unless otherwise noted.
Subject to the ToS, we grant you a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, personal, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, fixed-term licence to:

download and use a copy of our PayGVPN solution.
and 
use the provided service made available on or through our software or our website.

No other right or license, express or implied, of any kind is granted to you with respect to the service and/or solution we provide.

The license provided herein is effective until terminated and it will automatically terminate, if you fail to comply with these Terms, or if/when you cease using the service and your user accounts is deactivated.PaymentsOur PayGVPN solution is available to you upon successfully opening a user account and purchasing credits under one of the provided plans.
The purchasing of credits will, in turn, secure the corresponding bandwidth and assign it to your account for you to use.
Depletion of the allocated bandwidth will downgrade the account to basic bandwidth speeds for further use and can be reinstated by purchasing additional credits for your account.
Therefore, by accepting these ToS you agree to and acknowledge understanding of the fact you are being provided with access to the service on a pay-as-you-go basis, operated in the fashion described above.
A full list of the available plans, what each includes, and the corresponding pricing is available on the site.

By using any payment method, including debit or credit card, to purchase credits for our solution, you confirm it is yours or that you have permission from the account holder or cardholder to use it.
Moreover, it is your responsibility to ensure your debit or credit card account has sufficient funds to pay for the charges.
We shall not be responsible for any additional charges which may be imposed on you by your bank or card issuer.
We reserve the right to block or bar your user account, if we have reasonable cause to suspect fraudulent use of a payment account, credit or debit card.
We may increase or decrease the charges at any time (including the introduction of prices for aspects of the service previously provided at no extra cost).
Where we increase the charges for the elements of the service you are using we will notify you accordingly before the changes become effective.
Any fees charged by us are exclusive of taxes.
However, we may calculate and add any taxes and/or additional fees, including, but not limited to sales tax, value added tax and other taxes or fees under laws applicable to you.
Such taxes and fees will be calculated according to the billing information provided by you to Critical Dynamics at the time of purchase.Acceptable useIt is your responsibility to assess whether using the service or any portion of thereof is in compliance with local laws and regulations.
Whenever you use our site, app, software, or service, you should comply with these Terms as well as with applicable laws, regulations, and policies.
You understand and duly acknowledge that it is your responsibility to keep your PayGVPN account information confidential and secure.
You are responsible for all activity under your account.
If you ever discover or suspect that someone has accessed your account without your authorization, you are advised to inform us immediately so that we may revoke your account credentials and issue new ones.
In order to protect the service from being misused or used to harm someone, Critical Dynamics reserves the right to take appropriate measures when we form the suspicion or concerns that our service may be used contrary to these Terms and applicable laws.
To that end, we reserve the right to refuse service, suspend accounts or limit access to the service in our sole discretion.
Such suspension or access limitation may be implemented by Critical Dynamics instantly and without any indication, notice or refund.
We may suspend your account for clarification, investigation or request you to explain your actions and provide additional information.
If your account has been suspended, you must contact us for further information.
We may suspend your user account for a reasonable period of time before we terminate a user account permanently.
In using the service, you agree not to:

Send, post, or transmit any content which is illegal, hateful, threatening, insulting, or defamatory.
infringes on intellectual property rights, invades privacy or incites violence;
Upload, download, post, reproduce, or distribute any content protected by copyright or any other proprietary right without first having obtained permission from the owner of the proprietary content;
Upload, download, post, reproduce, or distribute any content that includes sexual or explicit depictions of minors;
Attempt to access, probe, or connect to computing devices without proper authorization (i.e., any form of “hacking”);
Use the Service for anything other than lawful purposes.
MinorsOur solution is not directed to minors, and any use by minors should only be done with the guidance, supervision and consent of their parents or guardians.
Further, we rely on parents and guardians to ensure minors only use the service if they can understand their rights and responsibilities as stated in these Terms and within our Privacy Notice.
Consistent with applicable law, Critical Dynamics does not knowingly collect personal information from minors without parental consent.
If we learn that we have inadvertently obtained information in violation of applicable laws prohibiting collection of information from children without such consent, we will promptly delete it.Third party websitesCritical Dynamics may provide you with content belonging to third parties or links leading to third party websites.
We do not assume responsible for the availability of the content provided by such third parties as they are not under the control or supervision of Critical Dynamics, and they may have different terms of use and policies.
Your access through our service to any website, service, or content provided by shall not be construed as suggestive of the existence of any relationship between us and any such third parties.DisclaimersOur service is provided on an “as-is” and “as-available” basis, and we expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including but not limited to warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.
We do not make any warranty that the service will meet your requirements, or that it will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, or that defects, if any, will be corrected.
You acknowledge that you access the site and services at your sole risk and discretion.
VPN service coverage, speeds, server locations, and quality may vary.
PayGVPN will attempt to make the service available at all times.
However, the service may be subject to unavailability for a variety of factors beyond our control, including but not limited to emergencies.
third party service failures.
or transmission, equipment, or network problems or limitations, interference, or signal strength.
and may be interrupted, refused, limited, or curtailed.
We are not responsible for data, messages, or pages lost, not delivered, delayed, or misdirected because of interruptions or performance issues with the service, communications services, or networks.
The accuracy and timeliness of data received is not guaranteed.
delays or omissions may occur.
PayGVPN reserves the right to investigate matters we consider to be violations of these Terms.
We may, but are not obligated to, in our sole discretion and without notice, remove, block, filter, or restrict by any means any materials or information that we consider to be actual or potential violations of the restrictions set forth in these Terms, and any other activities that may subject PayGVPN or our customers to liability.
PayGVPN disclaims any and all liability for any failure on our part to prevent such materials or information from being transmitted over the service and/or into your computing device.Limitations of liabilityThere are inherent risks in relying upon, using, transmitting, or retrieving any data and/or content on the Internet, and we urge you to make sure you understand these risks before using the service.
Your use of the services is at your own risk.
Neither Critical Dynamics nor any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, nor any of their employees, officers or directors, shall be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential, or other damages (including, without limitation, loss of data or information of any kind, loss of business, lost profits, interruption of business, cost of cover or any other damages) arising out of or in any way related to this agreement or the use or inability to use the services, whether based on contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
In any case, the liability of the company shall not exceed what the client paid to the company and shall not include attorney fees or court costs irrespective of any laws or statutes that may prescribe otherwise.Class action waiverWhere permitted under the applicable law, class action lawsuits, class-wide arbitrations, collective action claims, and any other proceeding where someone acts in a representative capacity are not allowed.
Unless both you and Critical Dynamics agree, no arbitrator or judge may consolidate more than one person’s claims or otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Critical Dynamics, its officers, directors, employees, members, partners, agents, and suppliers, and their respective affiliates, officers, directors, employees, members, shareholders, partners, and agents, from any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of your use of the service, including but not limited to your violation of these ToS.
We may, at our sole discretion, assume the exclusive defence and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you.
The assumption of such defence or control by us, however, shall not excuse any of your indemnity obligations.Choice of lawThese ToS as well as any disputes, substantive or procedural, claims, requests and/or contentions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Estonia.
Last updated: 26th May, 2021
