
         Intellectual Property Policy Copyright and Intellectual Property Policy

 Notice of Copyright or Intellectual Property Infringement 

We respect the intellectual property rights of others.
Please notify us in writing, by e-mail: abuse@pcloud.com or postal mail, to our designated agent listed below if you believe that a user of the Site or Services has infringed your intellectual property rights.
In the United States, this policy is provided pursuant to Section 512 of the Copyright Revision Act, as enacted through the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA").


To be effective, your notification should include:



identification of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property claimed to have been infringed, or if multiple copyrighted or other intellectual property works are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works.


identification of the claimed infringing material and information reasonably sufficient to permit pCloud to locate the material on the Site or Services.


information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an e-mail address.


a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law (not required for European Union users).


a statement by you, made under the penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notification is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf (not required for European Union users).
and

 your physical or electronic signature.



You acknowledge and agree that upon receipt and notice of a claim of infringement, we may promptly remove the identified materials from the Site and Services without liability.


Counter-Notice by Accused User

If we have taken down your materials due to suspicion of copyright or other intellectual property infringement, you may dispute the alleged infringement by sending a written communication by e-mail or mail to our designated agent listed below.
Your written communication should include the following:


 your physical or electronic signature.


identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled.


a statement that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled (not required for European Union users).
and


your name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of federal District Court for the judicial district in which such address is located, or, if your address is outside of the United States, the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of copyright infringement or an agent of such person (not required for European Union users).



Please send all notices under the above infringement policies by e-mail or mail to the following individual, designated as pCloud's agent for receipt of notifications of claimed infringement:


Copyright Agent

Incorporate Now Inc
512 Lucerne Ave
Lake Worth, FL 33460
United States 
Phone: (800) 371-1217
Fax: (800) 371-0235
Email: notice@incorporatenow.com


Note: Please do not send notices or inquiries about anything other than alleged copyright or other intellectual property infringement to our agent for notice as detailed above.


 Repeat Infringers 
 We can undertake measures, in our discretion, if you are determined to be a repeat infringer.
Repeat infringers are users, who have been the subject of more than one valid takedown request that has not been successfully rebutted.
Those measures on our part may include limiting part of the functionalities of the pCloud service you are using.


Revised: 5 Oct.
2020


