
1.
Your relationship with Pear Deck
1.1 Your use of Pear Deck’s products, software, services and web sites (referred to collectively as the "Services" in this document) is subject to the terms of a legal agreement between you and Pear Deck.
“Pear Deck” means Pear Deck Inc., whose principal place of business is at 320 E.
Prentiss Street, Iowa City, IA 52240, United States.
This document explains how the agreement is made up, and sets out some of the terms of that agreement.
1.2 These Terms of Service form a legally binding agreement between you and Pear Deck in relation to your use of the Services.
It is important that you take the time to read them carefully.
This legal agreement is referred to below as the "Terms".
IMPORTANT NOTE REGARDING CHILDREN
1.3	Generally.
Our Site offers certain Services to schools for the benefit of the schools and their students.
In providing such educational Services, we may collect personal information from students.
In order to collect, use, or disclose personal information from users under 13 years of age ("Children"), we are required to comply with the Federal Trade Commission Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”).
Please read this Children’s Privacy Policy carefully as it explains (a) our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information from Children who use the Service, (b) the Child’s parent’s or guardian’s (“Parent’s”) ability to limit the collection, use and disclosure of personal information collected from their Children, and (c) the role of the Child’s school (“School”) in this process.
1.4	Parents.
If your Child wants to use our Services, he/she must first get an Account from her school.
Please contact your Child’s school for an Account.
Please also review Pear Deck’s Children’s Privacy Policy.
1.5	Schools.
If you are accepting this Agreement on behalf of a School:
(a)	You represent and warrant that: (i) you have read Pear Deck’s Privacy Policy.
and (ii) with respect to students at your School who are Children and are using this Site ("Child Students"), the School has the authority to act as the agent of the Child Students’ Parents, for the purposes of COPPA compliance, including the following purposes: (1) for receiving notice of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information from their Children through the Service, and any changes to such policies.
(2) for providing consent to such collection, use and disclosure.
(3) for revoking the foregoing consent.
(4) for requesting to review the personal information collected from their Children.
and (5) for requesting to delete the personal information collected from their Children.
(b)	You agree to use the Service solely for the benefit of your School and the students in your School, and not for commercial purposes.
If at any time your School does not have the authority to act as the agent of a Child Student’s Parent, you agree to notify us immediately.
(c)	You, on behalf of the School (on behalf of each Child Student’s Parent), hereby (i) consent to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information of Child Students, through the Site, in accordance with the Children’s Privacy Policy and (ii) agree that the Child Student’s online activities are subject to these Terms of Use.
