
         × 

menu
Penana
search
search Popular Tags What Others Are Reading Loginarrow_drop_down Email Password Remember me Forgot your password? OR Login with Facebook Registerarrow_drop_down

 Pen Name Email Password I have read, understand, and agree to the Penana Terms of Service.
OR Login with Facebook Please use Chrome or Firefox for better user experience! 
menu


Explore
 Home 
 Stories 

Adventure


Children


Comedy


Drama


Fantasy


Horror


Romance


Sci-Fiction


Suspense


Wuxia


Historical


Supernatural


Young Adult


Screenplay


Action


General



 Short pieces 
 All 
 Short stories 
 Journals &amp.
Memoirs 
 Commentaries 
 Poems &amp.
Lyrics 


 Contests 
Trending
Ending Soon
New Contests
Completed


 Charts 
Most Donated
Highest Grossing
Most Read
Most Liked
Most Commented
Writers


Me
 Bookshelf 
 Write 
 Society 
 Hub  Privacy · Terms · FAQ · Feedback
languageLanguage settings · Mobile view Penana © 2022 

 Privacy Policy
We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully.
Our Pledge: 
We pledge to meet fully, and where possible exceed, in complying with the requirements of the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (Chapter 486 of the Laws of Hong Kong).
In doing so, we will ensure compliance by our staff with the strictest standards of security and confidentiality.

Collection of Personal Information 
Personal information means any information that is related to an identified person, or that may be used to identify an individual.
Examples of the information we may collect include, but not limited to: first and last name.
email address.
a home, postal or other physical address or other contact information.
title, gender, occupation, industry, or personal interests.
and other personal information necessary or useful to provide a product or service that you have requested.

Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Penana collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request.
Penana’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Penana’s visitors use its website.
From time to time, Penana may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g.
by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Penana also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses.
Penana does not use such information to identify its visitors, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.

Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Penana’s websites choose to interact with Penana in ways that require Penana to gather personally-identifying information.
The amount and type of information that Penana gathers depends on the nature of the interaction.
For example, we ask visitors who sign up for Penana.com to provide a username and email address.
In each case, Penana collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Penana.
Penana does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.

Aggregated Statistics
Penana may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites.
For instance, Penana may monitor the most popular collections on Penana.com.
Penana may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Penana does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.

Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Penana discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Penana’s behalf or to provide services available at Penana’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others.
Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country.
by using Penana’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them.
In addition, in some cases we may choose to buy or sell assets.
In these types of transactions, user information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred.
Moreover, if Penana or substantially all of its assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Penana goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party.
You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquiror of Penana may continue to use your personal and non-personal information only as set forth in this policy.
Otherwise, Penana will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone.

Other than to its employees, contractors, service providers and affiliated organizations, as described above, Penana discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Penana believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Penana, third parties or the public at large.
If you are a registered user of a Penana website and have supplied your email address, Penana may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Penana and its products.
If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users.
Penana takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.


You should also be aware that some elements of User Information are made available to other users (e.g., if you publish information to your public profile).
If you submit information to our web site such as “stories”, “comments”, “discussion” or “idea exchange”, such information will be visible to other users, meaning that you lose any privacy rights you might have with regards to that information.
Such disclosures may also increase your chances of receiving unwanted communications.

Personal Information Released to Outside Parties 
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
In some instances we may employ or cooperate with other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf.
Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service.
They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
As a good corporate citizen, Penana complies with applicable law and legal obligations to respond to governmental, law enforcement and court requests for personal information and other information and data about our visitors.
Penana and its legal counsel may access and use your personal information and other information or data in the event of a dispute, in response to legal process or law enforcement inquiries, abuse of our website, or violation of our Terms of Service Policy.

Cookies
A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your system.
To use portions of Penana's website you must set your browser to accept cookies.
You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Penana uses session cookies.
These cookies are used when you type your login information during your visit to our site and are used for a variety of reasons such as to keep track of your login name and passwords and to mark a session timeout.
The cookies are not tied to a visitor's personal information.
This information is encrypted and stored in a cookie during that session.
The cookie is deleted from the visitor's computer when the visitor logs out or closes his or her browser.
Some of our business partners (e.g., service providers) use cookies on our site.
We have no access to or control over these cookies.
This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by www.penana.com only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertiser.

Data Quality
We will take reasonable steps to insure that all data collected is accurate, complete and timely for the purposes for which they are to be used.
We urge you to check your profile regularly to insure that such information is accurate, complete and timely.
If you wish to get your data deleted from our records, please send a mail to contact@penana.com.

Account deletion

Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases.
However, some information may be retained in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use and/or comply with legal requirements.

Third Party Sites
Penana's website contains links to other sites.
When you click on one of these links you are being transferred to a website operated by someone other than Penana, and the operator of that website may have a different privacy policy.
Penana does not share your personal information with these websites and is not responsible for their individual privacy practices.
We encourage you to investigate the privacy policies of these operators.

Future Changes 
By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of your information as we have outlined in this Privacy Policy and to our Terms of Service Policy.
Penana may decide to change this Privacy Policy from time to time.
When we change the policy in a material way, a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated Privacy Policy.

Oversight and Questions 
We welcome comments and questions on this policy.
As stated above, we are dedicated to protecting your privacy, and we will make every reasonable effort to keep your information secure.
Questions regarding our policy should be directed via e-mail (contact@penana.com) 

Penana reserves the right to change these terms and conditions at any time without prior notice.
Penana reserves the right to make the final decision in case of any disputes.

Updated November 2021 REGISTER I have read, understand, and agree to the Penana Terms of Service.
LOGIN Remember Me Forget Password? OR Login with Facebook ×
Subscribe Go to the magazine / + Add tip The tip will be charged every payment period + Add promotion code Apply
close Recipient Name

Shipping address



Phone Number

 I prefer not to receive the physical benefits.
 JOIN Pay with xxxx xxxx xxxx Update payment method Confirm
Cancel If you don't cancel before the trial ends, you will automatically be charged the subscription fee every until you cancel.
This is a one-time purchase.
Renews automatically every , unless you decide to cancel.
You can cancel your subscription at any time.
You can pay with non-card methods if you subscribe for 12 months.
Please leave your contact phone number here..
We will reach you soon by Whatsapp at the tel number you provide.
SUBMIT
Please enter phone number.
Credit card payment
You have subscribed to this plan already!
Manage subscriptions 
 × Interface Language: English 中文 Story Language: English Chinese (中文) Indonesian (Bahasa Indonesia) Malay (Bahasa Melayu) Tagalog Vietnamese (tiếng Việt) Other 
Update

