
         × 

menu
Penana
search
search Popular Tags What Others Are Reading Loginarrow_drop_down Email Password Remember me Forgot your password? OR Login with Facebook Registerarrow_drop_down

 Pen Name Email Password I have read, understand, and agree to the Penana Terms of Service.
OR Login with Facebook Please use Chrome or Firefox for better user experience! 
menu


Explore
 Home 
 Stories 

Adventure


Children


Comedy


Drama


Fantasy


Horror


Romance


Sci-Fiction


Suspense


Wuxia


Historical


Supernatural


Young Adult


Screenplay


Action


General



 Short pieces 
 All 
 Short stories 
 Journals &amp.
Memoirs 
 Commentaries 
 Poems &amp.
Lyrics 


 Contests 
Trending
Ending Soon
New Contests
Completed


 Charts 
Most Donated
Highest Grossing
Most Read
Most Liked
Most Commented
Writers


Me
 Bookshelf 
 Write 
 Society 
 Hub  Privacy · Terms · FAQ · Feedback
languageLanguage settings · Mobile view Penana © 2022 

 Terms of Service
Welcome to Penana (the “Service”).
The following Terms of Service apply when you view or use the Service via our website located at penana.com or its associated app/interface.
Please review the following terms carefully.
If you are under the age of majority in your country of residence, you must review this Agreement with your parent or guardian to make sure that you and your parent or guardian understand it.
By accessing or using the Service, you signify your agreement to these Terms of Service.
If you do not agree to these terms, you may not access or use the Service.

PRIVACY POLICY
Penana Limited (the “Company”) respects the privacy of its Service users.
Please refer to the Company’s Privacy Policy which explains how we collect, use, and disclose information that pertains to your privacy.
When you access or use the Service, you signify your agreement to this Privacy Policy.

REGISTRATION.
RULES FOR USER CONDUCT AND USE OF THE SERVICE
If you are a user who signs up for the Service, will create a personalized account which includes a unique username and a password to access the Service and to receive messages from the Company.
You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your password and/or account.
The Company will not be responsible for any liabilities, losses, or damages arising out of the unauthorized use of your member name, password and/or account.

USE RESTRICTIONS
Your permission to use the Site is conditioned upon the following Use Restrictions and Conduct Restrictions: You agree that you will not under any circumstances:


post any information that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory, libelous, or racially, sexually, religiously, or otherwise objectionable and offensive;
use the service for any unlawful purpose or for the promotion of illegal activities;
attempt to, or harass, abuse or harm another person or group;
share your account credentials with someone else to allow them to access any part of the Paid Services or Content that such person did not order;
use another user’s account without permission;
impersonate others in a manner that does or is intended to mislead, confuse, or deceive others, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any others;
create multiple accounts for disruptive or abusive purposes, or with overlapping use cases;
provide false or inaccurate information when registering an account;
distribute in any medium any part of the Website, including but not limited to User Content (defined below), without our prior written authorization;
interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper functioning of the Service;
make any automated use of the system, or take any action that we deem to impose or to potentially impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our servers or network infrastructure;
bypass any robot exclusion headers or other measures we take to restrict access to the Service or use any software, technology, or device to scrape, spider, or crawl the Service or harvest or manipulate data.
or
publish or link to malicious content intended to damage or disrupt another user’s browser or computer.



POSTING AND CONDUCT RESTRICTIONS
When you create your own personalized account, you may be able to provide (“User Content”).
You are solely responsible for the User Content that you post, upload, link to or otherwise make available via the Service.
You agree that we are only acting as a passive conduit for your online distribution and publication of your User Content.
The Company, however, reserves the right to remove any User Content from the Service at its discretion.
The following rules pertain to User Content.
By transmitting and submitting any User Content while using the Service, you agree as follows:


You are solely responsible for your account and the activity that occurs while signed in to or while using your account;
You will not post information that is malicious, false or inaccurate;
You will not submit content that is copyrighted or subject to third party proprietary rights, including privacy, publicity, trade secret, etc., unless you are the owner of such rights or have the appropriate permission from their rightful owner to specifically submit such content.
and
You hereby affirm we have the right to determine whether any of your User Content submissions are appropriate and comply with these Terms of Service, remove any and/or all of your submissions, and terminate your account with or without prior notice.

You understand and agree that any liability, loss or damage that occurs as a result of the use of any User Content that you make available or access through your use of the Service is solely your responsibility.
The Company is not responsible for any public display or misuse of your User Content.
The Company does not, and cannot, pre-screen or monitor all User Content.
However, at our discretion, we, or technology we employ, may monitor and/or record your interactions with the Service.


ONLINE CONTENT DISCLAIMER
Opinions, advice, statements, offers, or other information or content made available through the Service, but not directly by the Company, are those of their respective authors, and should not necessarily be relied upon.
Such authors are solely responsible for such content.
The Company does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information on the Service and neither does the Company adopt nor endorse, nor is the Company responsible for, the accuracy or reliability of any opinion, advice, or statement made by parties other than the Company.
The Company takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any User Content that you or any other user or third party posts or sends over the Service.
Under no circumstances will the Company be responsible for any loss or damage resulting from anyone’s reliance on information or other content posted on the Service, or transmitted to users.
Though the Company strives to enforce these Terms of Service, you may be exposed to User Content that is inaccurate or objectionable.
The Company reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor the materials posted in the public areas of the service or to limit or deny a user’s access to the Service or take other appropriate action if a user violates these Terms of Service or engages in any activity that violates the rights of any person or entity or which we deem unlawful, offensive, abusive, harmful or malicious.
E-mails sent between you and other participants that are not readily accessible to the general public will be treated by us as private to the extent required by applicable law.
The Company shall have the right to remove any such material that in its sole opinion violates, or is alleged to violate, the law or this agreement or which might be offensive, or that might violate the rights, harm, or threaten the safety of users or others.
Unauthorized use may result in criminal and/or civil prosecution.
If you become aware of misuse of our Service, please contact us at contact@penana.com.

LINKS TO OTHER SITES AND/OR MATERIALS
As part of the Service, the Company may provide you with convenient links to third party website(s) (“Third Party Sites”) as well as content or items belonging to or originating from third parties (the “Third Party Applications, Software or Content”).
These links are provided as a courtesy to Service subscribers.
The Company has no control over Third Party Sites and Third Party Applications, Software or Content or the promotions, materials, information, goods or services available on these Third Party Sites or Third Party Applications, Software or Content.
Such Third Party Sites and Third Party Applications, Software or Content are not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy, appropriateness, or completeness by the Company, and the Company is not responsible for any Third Party Sites accessed through the Site or any Third Party Applications, Software or Content posted on, available through or installed from the Site, including the content, accuracy, offensiveness, opinions, reliability, privacy practices or other policies of or contained in the Third Party Sites or the Third Party Applications, Software or Content.
Inclusion of, linking to or permitting the use or installation of any Third Party Site or any Third Party Applications, Software or Content does not imply approval or endorsement thereof by the Company.
If you decide to leave the Site and access the Third Party Sites or to use or install any Third Party Applications, Software or Content, you do so at your own risk and you should be aware that our terms and policies no longer govern.
You should review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of any site to which you navigate from the Site or relating to any applications you use or install from the site.

TERMINATION
Either party may terminate the Services at any time by notifying the other party by any means.
Penana Limited may also terminate or suspend any and all Services and access to the Site immediately, without prior notice or liability, if Subscriber breaches any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement.
Upon termination of Subscriber's account, Subscriber’s right to use the Services, access the Site, and any Content will immediately cease.
All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, and limitations of liability.
Termination of Your access to and use of the Site and the Services shall not relieve Subscriber of any obligations arising or accruing prior to such termination or limit any liability which Subscriber otherwise may have to Penana Limited or the Site, including without limitation any indemnification obligations contained herein.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
We do not claim any ownership rights of any kind in Content that you post on or through the Site and Services.
You retain all of your ownership rights in your User Content Submissions.
However, by displaying, posting or publishing any Content on or through the Site and Services, you hereby grant us a non-exclusive, fully paid and royalty-free, worldwide, limited license to use, modify, delete from, add to, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce and translate such Content in connection with the Penana Website and Penana's (and its successors' and affiliates') business, including without limitation distributing part or all of the Site in any media formats through any media channels.
You acknowledge and agree that we and our licensors retain ownership of all intellectual property rights of any kind related to the Service, including applicable copyrights, trademarks and other proprietary rights.
Other product and company names that are mentioned on the Service may be trademarks of their respective owners.
We reserve all rights that are not expressly granted to you under this Agreement.

USER CONSENT TO RECEIVE COMMUNICATIONS IN ELECTRONIC FORM
For contractual purposes, you (a) consent to receive communications from the Company in an electronic form via the email address you have submitted.
and (b) agree that all Terms of Service, agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that the Company provides to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications would satisfy if it were in writing.
The foregoing does not affect your non-waivable rights.
We may also use your email address, to send you other messages, including information about the Company and special offers.
You may opt out of such email by changing your account settings or sending an email to contact@penana.com.

PURCHASED AND RENTAL CONTENT, SUBSCRIPTION AND SPONSORING
Certain of the User Content on the Service may be subject to payments now or in the future.
The payment could be on a one-off basis, or in the form of subscription model.
Upon your payment of the applicable fees (including applicable taxes) for, the User Content provider grants you a non-exclusive right to view, use, and display such User Content, solely through Penana or its affiliated services or as otherwise permitted as part of the Service, and solely for your personal, non-commercial use, as long as the rights exist to provide you with that content, or during the period of time specified if there is any.
The User Content is licensed, not sold, to you by the User Content Provider.
Some content, such as interactive or highly formatted content, may not be available to you on your devices or applications.
Purchased Content may become unavailable for viewing due to any number of reasons, including, but not limited to, content provider licensing and other restrictions.
If your purchase includes the ability to download Purchased Content, we encourage you to download that content immediately after purchase.
If an item of purchased content becomes unavailable within 30 days from the purchase date, you may request a refund.
For certain subscription plans, the User Content Provider may offer some "promises" on future benefits.
We could not guarantee those promises could be honoured.
We are not liable for loss associated with unfulfilled benefits and from losses caused by conflicting contractual agreements.
Certain of the User Content may be subject to voluntary “sponsors”, which is a way to express support and/or appreciation for the User Content providers.
The payment of the fees typically would not grant you any additional rights, except otherwise specified.
In some cases, you may be allowed to leave a sponsor's comment which would be relatively easily visible to the User Content provider and/or the readers of the story.
Unless specifically indicated otherwise, you may not sell, rent, lease, distribute, broadcast, sublicense, or otherwise assign any rights to the content or any portion of it to any third party.
In addition, you may not attempt to bypass, modify, defeat, or otherwise circumvent any digital rights management system or other content protection or features used as part of the Service.
We do not grant you any synchronization, public performance, public display, promotional use, commercial sale, resale, reproduction, or distribution rights for any User Content.
You must comply with all applicable laws and with the terms of any licenses or agreements to which you are bound in your use of the Services.

Penana makes no representations or warranties concerning:


The availability of the User Content in a particular jurisdiction.
The availability of the User Content for any particular device, operating system, or browser.
The continued support for a particular feature of the Service.
The quality of any User Content or the suitability of any User Content for any audience.
All opinions and statements expressed by or in User Content (or related materials) are those of the User and/or persons involved in the production of the User Content, not Penana.
The continued availability of any User Content.
Penana does not warrant that the operation of the software will be uninterrupted or error free.



Terms of Sale
We may offer digital or non-digital products for sale within the Service.
By placing an order you are offering to purchase a product on and subject to the following terms and conditions.
All orders are subject to availability and confirmation of the order price.
Where a contract is made with a third party Penana is not acting as either agent or principal and the contract is made between yourself and that third party and will be subject to the terms of sale which they supply you.
When placing an order you undertake that all details you provide to us are true and accurate, that you are an authorized user of the credit or debit card or other payment methods used to place your order and that there are sufficient funds to cover the cost of the goods.
The cost of foreign products and services may fluctuate.
All prices advertised are subject to such changes.
Whilst we try and ensure that all details, descriptions and prices which appear on this Website are accurate, errors may occur.
If we discover an error in the price of any goods which you have ordered we will inform you of this as soon as possible and give you the option of reconfirming your order at the correct price or cancelling it.
If we are unable to contact you we will treat the order as cancelled.
If you cancel and you have already paid for the goods, you will receive a full refund.
Delivery costs may be charged in addition.
such additional charges are clearly displayed where applicable.

Dispatch times may vary according to availability and subject to any delays resulting from postal delays or force majeure for which we will not be responsible.

Penana may make changes to any products or services offered on the Site, or to the applicable prices for any such products or services, at any time, without notice.
The materials on the Site with respect to products and services may be out of date, and Apple makes no commitment to update the materials on the Site with respect to such products and services.
WARRANTY DISCLAIMER
The service, is provided “as is,” without warranty of any kind.
Without limiting the foregoing, the company expressly disclaims all warranties, whether express, implied or statutory, regarding the service including without limitation any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, security, accuracy and non-infringement.
Without limiting the foregoing, the company makes no warranty or representation that access to or operation of the service will be uninterrupted or error free.
You assume full responsibility and risk of loss resulting from your downloading and/or use of files, information, content or other material obtained from the service.
Some jurisdictions limit or do not permit disclaimers of warranty, so this provision may not apply to you.

LIMITATION OF DAMAGES.
RELEASE
To the extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall the company, its affiliates, directors, or employees, or its licensors or partners, be liable to you for any loss of profits, use, or data, or for any incidental, indirect, special, consequential or exemplary damages, however arising, that result from (a) the use, disclosure, or display of your user content.
(b) your use or inability to use the service.
(c) the service generally or the software or systems that make the service available.
or (d) any other interactions with the company or any other user of the service, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, and whether or not the company has been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
Some jurisdictions limit or do not permit disclaimers of liability, so this provision may not apply to you.
If you have a dispute with one or more users, you release us (and our officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures and employees) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.

MODIFICATION OF TERMS OF SERVICE
We can amend these Terms of Service at any time and will update these Terms of Service in the event of any such amendments.
It is your sole responsibility to check the Site from time to time to view any such changes in the Agreement.
If you continue to use the Site, you signify your agreement to our revisions to these Terms of Service.
However, we will notify you of material chances to the terms by posting a notice on our homepage and/or sending an email to the email address you provided to us upon registration.
For this additional reason, you should keep your contact and profile information current.
Any changes to these Terms (other than as set forth in this paragraph) or waiver of the Company’s rights hereunder shall not be valid or effective except in a written agreement bearing the physical signature of an officer of the Company.
No purported waiver or modification of this Agreement by the Company via email communications shall be valid.

GENERAL TERMS
If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion of the Agreement will be construed consistent with applicable law.
The remaining portions will remain in full force and effect.
Any failure on the part of the Company to enforce any provision of this Agreement will not be considered a waiver of our right to enforce such provision.
Our rights under this Agreement will survive any termination of this Agreement.
You agree that any cause of action related to or arising out of your relationship with the Company must commence within ONE year after the cause of action accrues.
Otherwise, such cause of action is permanently barred.
These Terms of Service and your use of the Site are governed by the laws of Hong Kong, without regard to conflict of law provisions.
The Company may assign or delegate these Terms of Service and/or the Company’s Privacy Policy, in whole or in part, to any person or entity at any time with or without your consent.
You may not assign or delegate any rights or obligations under the Terms of Service or Privacy Policy without the Company’s prior written consent, and any unauthorized assignment and delegation by you is void.

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, UNDERSTAND THE TERMS OF SERVICE, AND WILL BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THESE TERMS OF SERVICE TOGETHER WITH THE PRIVACY POLICY REPRESENT THE COMPLETE AND EXCLUSIVE STATEMENT OF THE AGREEMENT BETWEEN US AND THAT IT SUPERSEDES ANY PROPOSAL OR PRIOR AGREEMENT ORAL OR WRITTEN, AND ANY OTHER COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN US RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT.

Updated August 2020 REGISTER I have read, understand, and agree to the Penana Terms of Service.
LOGIN Remember Me Forget Password? OR Login with Facebook ×
Subscribe Go to the magazine / + Add tip The tip will be charged every payment period + Add promotion code Apply
close Recipient Name

Shipping address



Phone Number

 I prefer not to receive the physical benefits.
 JOIN Pay with xxxx xxxx xxxx Update payment method Confirm
Cancel If you don't cancel before the trial ends, you will automatically be charged the subscription fee every until you cancel.
This is a one-time purchase.
Renews automatically every , unless you decide to cancel.
You can cancel your subscription at any time.
You can pay with non-card methods if you subscribe for 12 months.
Please leave your contact phone number here..
We will reach you soon by Whatsapp at the tel number you provide.
SUBMIT
Please enter phone number.
Credit card payment
You have subscribed to this plan already!
Manage subscriptions 
 × Interface Language: English 中文 Story Language: English Chinese (中文) Indonesian (Bahasa Indonesia) Malay (Bahasa Melayu) Tagalog Vietnamese (tiếng Việt) Other 
Update

