
         Skip to main content Search Submit in: Penn State Policies Penn State Penn State Directory Penn State Departments Penn State University Penn State University 
 Penn State Policies 
 Menu 


Home
About
Updates
GURU
 Search the website Search You are here
Home
Policies and Guidelines
Affirmative Action in Employment at the Pennsylvania State University

Human Resources Policies HR11
Affirmative Action in Employment at the Pennsylvania State University Policy Status:&nbsp.
Active

Policy Steward:&nbsp.
Vice President for Human Resources


POLICY'S INITIAL DATE: July 25, 1978
 THIS VERSION EFFECTIVE: March 14, 1996
Contents:
Purpose
Policy
Responsibility
Leadership/Guidance
Resolution of Complaints
Affirmative Action Compliance
Cross Reference
PURPOSE:
To specify terms and conditions under which the University's policy of equal employment opportunity through affirmative action shall be implemented, and identifying responsibility and accountability for actions in support of a positive program to meet legal and moral commitments as outlined in the Affirmative Action Plan.
POLICY:
It is the policy of The Pennsylvania State University to provide equal opportunity in all terms and conditions of employment, for all persons, as described in the University's Affirmative Action Plan and HR01.
The intent of this policy is to prohibit discrimination (including sexual harassment) and to promote the full realization of equal employment opportunity through a continuing affirmative program in each administrative unit outlined in the Plan.
This policy of equal opportunity applies to, and must be an integral part of, every aspect of personnel policy and practice in the employment, development, advancement, and treatment of employees and applicants for employment at the University.
RESPONSIBILITY:
The head of each administrative unit identified in the Affirmative Action Plan, and subunits as identified by the Affirmative Action Office, shall be responsible for working with the staff of the Affirmative Action Office in implementing the requirements of the Plan.
It is the responsibility of each unit head to provide sufficient resources to administer such a program in a positive and effective manner.
assure that recruitment activities reach appropriate sources of job candidates.
provide reasonable opportunities to employees to enhance their skills so they may perform at their highest potential and advance in accordance with their abilities.
provide training and advice to managers and supervisors to assure their understanding and implementation of the University's policy of equal opportunity and the affirmative action plan.
and provide for a system within the unit for periodically evaluating the effectiveness with which the Plan is being carried out.
Compliance with the intent of University Policy and the Affirmative Action Plan shall be part of the acceptable standards of performance for all employees.
LEADERSHIP/GUIDANCE:
The Affirmative Action Office, reporting to the President, shall provide leadership and guidance to administrative units in the conduct of their programs affecting employees and applicants for employment.
The Affirmative Action Office shall review and evaluate administrative unit program operations periodically, obtain such reports as deemed necessary, and report to the President as appropriate on overall progress.
The Affirmative Action Office will consult from time to time with such individuals, groups, or organizations as may be of assistance in improving the University's program and realizing the objectives of the Plan.
RESOLUTION OF COMPLAINTS:
The University shall provide for the prompt, fair, and impartial consideration of all complaints of discrimination in employment, including sexual harassment, in violation of HR01 "Fair Employment Practices." Each administrative unit shall provide access to counseling of employees who feel aggrieved and shall encourage the resolution of employee problems on an informal basis.
Procedures for the consideration of complaints shall include at least one impartial review within the administrative unit and shall provide for appeal as outlined in AC76 "Faculty Rights and Responsibilities, and HR79 "Staff Grievance Procedure."
AFFIRMATIVE ACTION COMPLIANCE:
The Affirmative Action Office shall be responsible for preparing guidelines and instructions necessary and appropriate to carry out the intent of the University policy and the Affirmative Action Plan.
CROSS REFERENCES:
Other Policies in this Manual should also be referenced, especially Policies:
AD29 - Statement on Intolerance;
AD41 - Sexual Harassment.
and
AD42 - Statement on Nondiscrimination.
HR01 - Fair Employment Practices

Date Approved:&nbsp.
March 14, 1996



Date Published:&nbsp.
March 14, 1996



Effective Date:&nbsp.
March 14, 1996


Copyright Â©2015 The Pennsylvania State University. All Rights reserved.
Legal Statements | PSU Hotlines

Contact Us
Accessibility
Staff Login

