
For your convenience this page was machine-translated.
For all legal purposes the original German version of this page applies. 1.
An overview of data protection General 
The following gives a simple overview of what happens to your personal information when you visit our website.
Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified.
Detailed information on the subject of data protection can be found in our privacy policy found below.
 Data collection when using the VPN connection Perfect Privacy's technical infrastructure has been designed and built with the requirement to collect only the absolute minimum of data necessary to operate the servers.
Specifically, we do not record or log any user traffic so potential sharing such data with third parties is technically impossible.
We do not store IP addresses, access times or duration, nor bandwidth caused by individual users.
For the operation of the servers, displaying general server information on the website and for the detection and elimination of potential technical problems, we record the total load of the individual servers.
No conclusions about a user's identity can be drawn from this data.
For billing purposes and customer support, we store the following account-specific data:

Login credentials
expiry date of the account
Email address (anonymous email providers are allowed)

We do not store payment information such as credit card details.
These are processed exclusively by the payment service providers (see point 7, "Payment service providers").

 Data collection on our website 
Who is responsible for the data collection on this website?

The data collected on this website are processed by the website operator.
The operator’s contact details can be found in the required legal notice on our website.

How do we collect your data?

Some data are collected when you provide it to us.
This could, for example, be data you enter on a contact form.
Other data are collected automatically by our IT systems when you visit the website.
This data is primarily technical data such as the browser and operating system you are using or when you accessed the page.
The data is collected automatically as soon as you enter our website.

What do we use your data for?

Part of the data is collected to ensure the proper functioning of the website.
Other data can be used to analyze how visitors use the site.

What rights do you have regarding your data?

You always have the right to request information about your stored data, its origin, its recipients, and the purpose of its collection at no charge.
You also have the right to request that it be corrected, blocked, or deleted.
You can contact us at any time using the address given in the legal notice if you have further questions about the issue of privacy and data protection.
You may also, of course, file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities.
