
         Perfect Sleep Chair® Privacy Policy
At Perfect Sleep Chair, we understand that the protection of consumers’ privacy is an important public concern.
Accordingly, we have adopted this Privacy Statement to serve as the foundation for our internal privacy policies and procedures.
It is our commitment to providing meaningful privacy protection for our customers.
1.
EMAIL
By supplying us with your email address you will receive order confirmation notices, exclusive offers only available through email and product updates.
firstSTREET will not sell or rent your email address and we respect your online privacy.
If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending an email to us at customercare@firstSTREETonline.com, or by calling firstSTREET Customer Service at 1-800-958-8324 between 9:00 AM and 6:00 PM ET Monday – Friday.
You can expect to receive a response from firstSTREET within 24 hours (Monday through Friday) of sending your email.
If you have any questions or concerns, you can also email us at customercare@firstSTREETonline.com.
2.
INFORMATION SECURITY
We maintain technical and organizational safeguards to protect the confidentiality of personal information about our customers against unauthorized access or disclosure, accidental loss, alteration or destruction.
3.
INFORMATION QUALITY
We maintain procedures to assure that the personal information we collect is accurate, up-to-date and as complete as possible.
If we obtain information about individuals who are not our present customers, we strive to treat this information in the same manner as we treat information about our existing customers.
4.
USE OF CUSTOMER INFORMATION
We collect personal information from our customers themselves, from when we provide products or services to our customers and from consumer reporting agencies and outside sources.
We use personal information only for purposes of administering our business activities, providing service and making available other products and services to our present and prospective customers.
The personal information that our customers give us, and information about our customers’ orders may be shared with third parties.
These marketing partners may use this information to send our customers offers of interest.
5.
DO NOT SOLICIT OPTION
We recognize that some of our customers do not want to be solicited for offers and promotions from us.
So, we provide our customers the option to have their names and addresses removed from our mail and/or telephone solicitation lists.
We have procedures that assure a consumer’s name, address and telephone number are removed from our marketing lists.
Customers that do not want us to contact them can let us know by calling, writing, or sending an email to us at customercare@firstSTREETonline.com.
Customers that do not want us to share their name and addresses with third party marketing partners can let us know by sending an email to us at customercare@firstSTREETonline.com.
6.
MAINTAINING CUSTOMER PRIVACY WITH OUR BUSINESS PARTNERS
We strive to ensure that the companies we use as our business partners support our commitment to privacy protection in their handling of personal data about our customers.
7.
EMPLOYEE EDUCATION
We provide training to our employees about their responsibilities under this Privacy Statement, and we expect them to do their parts in protecting our customers’ privacy.
We also conduct regular internal audits to support our commitment.
8.
PRIVACY STATEMENT AVAILABILITY TO CUSTOMERS
We want our customers to know about our commitment to providing privacy protection.
Therefore, this Privacy Statement is available upon request to customers, investors, employees, governmental authorities and members of the general public.
