
        Perlego Privacy PolicyWe ask that you read this privacy notice carefully as it contains important information on who we are, how and why we collect, store, use and share personal information, your rights in relation to your personal information and on how to contact us and supervisory authorities in the event you have a complaint.
Summary: We use personal data to provide our ebook service and related content to people who request or register for it, and to manage our relationships with those people.
Generally, we do not give your information to third parties, but there are some exceptions where we use external service providers to power our operations – some of these are outside Europe.
We are happy to answer your questions about any of this – email us at help@perlego.com.
Who we arePerlego Ltd collects, uses and is responsible for certain personal information about you.
When we do so we are regulated under the General Data Protection Regulation which applies across the European Union (including in the United Kingdom) and we are responsible as ‘controller’ of that personal information for the purposes of those laws.
The personal information we collect and use
Information collected by us, and how we use it

In the course of running the Perlego service we collect the following personal information, either when it’s provided to us by you, or where we derive it from your use of the service:

Contact details.
We use this communicate with you.
to authenticate you when you login to the service.
to help facilitate payments.
to manage your referral plan account.
and to help resolve account and technical issues experienced using Perlego.
If you sign up to Perlego and don’t complete a subscription, we’ll use it to encourage you to take out a subscription.
Summaries of conversations.
We use this to help resolve account and technical issues experienced using Perlego.
Details of your subscription to Perlego.
We use this to provide you with the Perlego service and to inform how we communicate with you, and to calculate payments to our publisher partners.
Your geographical region and IP address.
We use this to determine whether we have to charge you VAT.
to help resolve technical and account issues.
to determine whether we can give you access to the service or to certain books.
and to record, and report to our publisher partners, usage levels of books.
Transactions you undertake on Perlego.
This is to enable us to record, and report to our publisher partners, usage levels of books.
and to display to you transactions you undertake on Perlego
Your usage of the service, including the books you read, your reading interests, annotations, highlights and bookmarks.
your preferences for viewing books (e.g.
font).
the mouse activity and keystrokes in your use of the service.
and your search history.
We use this to provide you with the service.
to recommend books and topics to you.
to calculate payments due to our publisher partners.
and for security and content protection purposes.
In some cases, your course and university or your employer (depending upon whether you have a standard account or organisation based account).
We use this as part of our reporting information to our publisher partners, and to authenticate you to the service.
Payment Information.
We use this to determine whether you have paid to access the service or a book, and to check if you are entitled to a free subscription when you apply for one.
We use Stripe as our payment processor.
 Marketing preferences.
We use this to determine whether and how we communicate with you to promote Perlego.
We gather certain technical information from your use of our website by means of cookies and similar technologies.
For more details, please review our Cookie Settings page.



Additionally, we use the information for the purposes of research we undertake to understand how people use our service, and the books on it, in order to identify improvements we can make to the service, how we promote it, and the range of books we offer.
The research we produce is on an aggregated basis and does not identify you personally.
We use it internally, and may also provide it to others.
We also use some of the information for the purposes of keeping Perlego and our communications with you secure from unauthorised access and attacks, and for reporting any unlawful activity.
We may need to process your information for the purposes of enforcing our terms of use.

Who we share your personal information with

We routinely share information we collect about you with companies that we use to help us provide and run the Perlego service.
For example, for administering payments, storage of data, sending out emails, powering our ‘chat’ function, and tracking and reporting user behaviour patterns.
For a list of our current service providers who process personal data of our customers, please see this list.
Some of those companies are based outside the European Economic Area — for further information including on how we safeguard your personal data when this occurs, see ‘Transfer of your information out of the EEA’ below.

We will share personal information with law enforcement or other authorities if required by applicable law.

How long your personal information will be kept

We will hold your information for different periods of time, as follows:

Payment data is held for 7 years from the date of transaction
Server logs are held for 90 days
Records of how you’ve used the service are held for 7 years (this is in case one of our publisher partners requests further detail on how we have calculated payments to them)
If you’ve consented to us mailing you with information about Perlego (and which is not a service message about how to use Perlego) we will keep your contact details for a period of one year from your last activity on Perlego.


Reasons we can collect and use your personal information

We rely on the following as the lawful basis on which we collect and use your personal information:

In some cases, we need to process your information for the purposes of our contract with you under our Terms of Use, or in order to help you sign up to our service.
For example, providing you with access to the service and its features.
customer support.
taking payment.
delivering content to you.
managing your account.
providing you with a secure service.
If we want to email you to promote the service or books available on it, we will only do so with your consent;
In some cases, we need to process your information to fulfil our legal obligations.
For example, to fulfil our tax and VAT obligations.
In all other cases, we process your information because we consider it is in our legitimate interests, or those of our partners (such as publishers and universities) to do so.
Examples of this are analysing use of our service.
reporting and research purposes.
and preventing abuse of the service and the books available on it.
In general terms, our legitimate interests are founded on providing our customers with a well-run, secure, efficient place for them to learn new information which helps them develop their interests, skills and knowledge.
As part of that, we have legitimate interests in running our business, finding and identifying new content for customers, measuring and improving the effectiveness of Perlego, controlling access to books, increasing and optimising the range of books available on Perlego, and managing our relationships with our publisher, university and industry partners.

Transfer of your information out of the EEAWe may transfer your personal information to the USA.
This is for the purpose of enabling our third party service providers to access and process the data on our behalf.
In particular, we use the following service providers who process your information in the USA:

Mixpanel
Stripe
Cloudflare
Chatra
Postmark

The USA does not have the same data protection laws as the United Kingdom and European Economic Area.
Whilst the European Commission has not given a formal decision that the USA provides an adequate level of data protection similar to those which apply in the United Kingdom and EEA, any transfer of your personal information will be subject to safeguards as specified in the General Data Protection Regulation that are designed to help protect your privacy rights and give you remedies in the unlikely event of a misuse of your personal information.
Some of our US-based providers (including Mixpanel, and Stripe, our payment processor) are certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield, a mechanism which permits transfer of personal data to companies in the US who have certified that they meet privacy norms akin to those in the EU.
Our other processors use so-called ‘model clauses’ in our contract with them, which give individual data subjects rights in respect of the provider’s processing of the data and requires the provider to meet certain EU-mandated standard.
A description of the
EU-US Privacy Shield is available here - https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/eu-us-privacy-shield_en.
A description of the Model Clauses is available here - https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/model-contracts-transfer-personal-data-third-countries_en.
To obtain a copy of the safeguards we have in place, please contact us at help@perlego.com.
We will not otherwise transfer your personal data outside of the United Kingdom or European Economic Area.
Your rightsUnder the General Data Protection Regulation you have a number of important rights free of charge.
In summary, those include rights to:

access to your personal information and to certain other supplementary information that this Privacy Notice is already designed to address
require us to correct any mistakes in your information which we hold
require the erasure of personal information concerning you in certain situations (please note that this is different from using the ‘Delete Account’ option in Account Settings on the service.
The ‘Delete Account’ option does not delete the entirety of the data we hold about you, only that which relates directly to your active Perlego account subscription.
receive the personal information concerning you which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to a third party in certain situations
object at any time to processing of personal information concerning you for direct marketing
object to decisions being taken by automated means which produce legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affect you
object in certain other situations to our continued processing of your personal information
otherwise restrict our processing of your personal information in certain circumstances

For further information on each of those rights, including the circumstances in which they apply, see the Guidance from the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) on individuals rights under the General Data Protection Regulation.
If you would like to exercise any of those rights, please:

email us at help@perlego.com.
let us have your Perlego account name and the email address used to sign up with the service, 
let us have proof of your identity and address (a copy of your driving licence or passport and a recent utility or credit card bill), and
let us know the information to which your request relates

If you would like to unsubscribe from any promotional emails we send you, you can also click on the ‘unsubscribe’ button at the bottom of the email or uncheck the marketing consent box in Account Settings.
Keeping your personal information secureWe have appropriate security measures in place to prevent personal information from being accidentally lost, or used or accessed in an unauthorised way.
We limit access to your personal information to those who have a genuine business need to know it.
Those processing your information will do so only in an authorised manner and are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach.
We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected data security breach where we are legally required to do so.
If you want detailed information from Get Safe Online on how to protect your information and your computers and devices against fraud, identity theft, viruses and many other online problems, please visit www.getsafeonline.org.
Get Safe Online is supported by HM Government and leading businesses.
How to complainWe hope that we can resolve any query or concern you raise about our use of your information.
The General Data Protection Regulation also gives you right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the European Union (or European Economic Area) state where you work, normally live or where any alleged infringement of data protection laws occurred.
The supervisory authority in the UK is the Information Commissioner who may be contacted at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ or telephone: 0303 123 1113.
Single Sign-On Supplement - eduGainPerlego Ltd facilitate Single Sign on through the eduGain federation.
This specific section of the privacy policy covers privacy aspects specifically related to this implementation.
Perlego are committed to abiding by the GÉANT data protection code of conduct available here: Code of Conduct for Service Providers.
Personal data provided to us through Single Sign On will be governed in accordance with both the code of conduct and this privacy policy.
Name: Perlego Ltd Jurisdiction: UK (England and Wales) Address: Perlego Ltd, 138 Holborn, London, EC1N 2SW, United Kingdom
The following attributes are requested from your Home organisation: 1.
Your unique user identifier (eduPersonPrincipleName) 2.
Your role in the organisation (eduPersonAffiliation) 3.
Your email address (mail) 4.
Your first name (givenName) 5.
Your surname (sn) 6.
Your eligibility for Perlego access (eduPersonEntitlement)
Attributes provided through eduGain for single sign on purposes, are retained for the duration of Perlego's service provision for the Home organisation providing Perlego on your behalf.
Attributes will be retained for a period of 180 days after the termination of any agreement with your home organisation.
You can also contact us at help@perlego.com to request the removal of your data.
The personally identifiable information that you provide to us is disclosed to third parties for the provision of the service.
See the 'Who we share your personal information with' section above for further more detailed information.
Changes to this privacy noticeThis privacy notice last updated on 17/09/2020.
We may change this privacy notice from time to time, when we do we will inform you via your Perlego account or (if appropriate) by email.
How to contact usPlease contact us if you have any questions about this privacy notice or the information we hold about you.
If you wish to contact us please send an email to help@perlego.com, or contact our Data Protection Officer as follows:

karl.wood@amertosgroup.com
Lakeside Offices
Thorn Business Park
Rotherwas, Hereford, HR2 6JT

