
         Cookie Policy Home » Cookie Policy We use cookies on our sites for a number of purposes.
They help us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our websites, and also allow us to improve our site.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree.
Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive.
We use the following cookies:


Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our websites.
They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our websites, use a shopping cart or make use of the e-billing services.

Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our websites when they are using them.
This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users find what they are looking for easily.

Functionality cookies. These are used to recognize you when you return to our website.
This enables us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).

You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them below.
First-party cookies
Our websites will set some cookies that are essential for the websites to operate correctly.
These cookies, none of which capture personally identifiable information, are as follows:

Session ID – this cookie identifies your website session;

Third-party cookies
Our websites will set several types of third-party cookie, and we do not control the operation of any of them.
The third-party cookies which may be set include:

Google Analytics – we use Google Analytics to collect data about website usage.
This data does not include personally identifiable information.
You can view the Google Privacy Policy here: www.google.com/policies/privacy/.

You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies.
However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our sites.
You can also use the following websites to manage cookies (on this website and others):
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/ ( external website)
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ ( external website)
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/ ( external website)
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g.
videos, images, articles, etc.).
Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website. Personally "A dynamic company obsessed with all things related to doing business online"
