
This website is provided to you by Suncor Energy Inc.
(“Suncor”).
By using this website, you agree to be bound by and comply with these terms of service, which are subject to and incorporate any additional terms of service elsewhere on this website.
Suncor may change these terms of service at any time without notice.
Please check these terms of service periodically for changes.
Your continued use of this website following the posting of changes will mean that you agree to be bound by, and will comply with, the changes.
About Suncor
Suncor is Canada’s leading integrated energy company headquartered in Calgary, Alberta.
Suncor’s operations include oil sands development and upgrading, conventional and offshore oil and gas production, and petroleum refining, sales and product marketing under the Petro‑Canada™ brand.
Suncor also operates one Sunoco branded retail site in Ontario.
Downstream assets in the United States include pipeline and refining operations in Colorado and Wyoming and retail operations and sales in Colorado under the Shell and ExxonMobil® brands.
Suncor is also developing a growing renewable energy portfolio.
Suncor’s common shares (symbol: SU) are listed on the Toronto and New York stock exchanges.
In these terms of service, references to “Suncor”, “we” and “our” and similar references may include – or refer only to – Suncor or one or more subsidiaries, affiliates or entities of Suncor, including Suncor Energy Foundation, Suncor Energy Products Partnership, Suncor Energy Marketing Inc.
and Suncor Energy (U.S.A.) Inc., as applicable.
Petro‑Canada is a Suncor business.
Permitted Use of this Website
As long as you comply with these terms of service, Suncor grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable, limited licence to access and use this website.
You may use photos supplied in Suncor’s photo library provided that you:

Not remove the copyright or other proprietary notices from the photos;
Credit Suncor Energy Inc.;
Make no modifications to the photos or distort the photos in any manner;
Not display the photos in a manner that would prejudice the reputation of Suncor, and
Not make any additional representations, warranties or statements relating to the photos.
You may also use documents purposely made available by Suncor for downloading from this website, provided that you:
Not remove the copyright or other proprietary notices from the documents;
Use the documents only for your own personal or internal company use and do not copy or post the documents on any networked computer or broadcast them in any media;
Make no modifications to the documents;
Not make any additional representations, warranties or statements relating to the documents.

Corporate logos supplied on this website must be downloaded from our corporate logos page.
Use of these logos is subject to the terms of a licence which must be agreed to prior to download of the logos.
The visual identity guidelines must be followed when using the logos.
Logos are not permitted to be downloaded or used for purposes other than those permitted by the licence agreed to prior to download of the logos without Suncor’s express prior written consent.
Prohibited use of this Website
You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to, or breach the security or authentication measures of, any portion of this website, or any other systems or networks connected to this website or any Suncor server or obtain any materials, documents or information through any means not purposely made available through this website.
You may not interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of this website or any transaction being conducted on this website, or with any other person’s use of this website.
You may not pretend that you are, or that you represent, someone else, or impersonate any other person.
You may not frame, link to, or screen scrape this website without Suncor’s express permission.
You may not reproduce or redistribute any HTML code, Java code or other code contained on this website without Suncor’s express permission.
You may not use this website or any of its content for any purpose that infringes upon, misappropriates or violates the rights of any person or encourages or that effects harmful or illegal activity.
Disclaimers
This website and its content are provided “as is” and use of this website or its content is at your own risk.
Suncor does not make any representations, warranties or conditions about the quality, accuracy, reliability, completeness, currency, or timeliness of this website or its content.
Suncor does not assume any responsibility for any errors, omissions or inaccuracies of this website or its content.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, Suncor disclaims all warranties, representations and conditions of any kind with respect to this website and its content whether express, implied or collateral, including, without limitation, representations, warranties or conditions about the quality, accuracy, reliability, completeness, currency, or timeliness of the website or its content and implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement or that this website or its content are or will be error-free or will operate without interruption.
Limitation of Liability
In no event will Suncor be liable, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or any other legal theory, for any damages of any kind (including, without limitation, direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary, punitive damages, lost profits, loss of use, loss of data, personal injury, fines, fees, penalties or other liabilities), whether or not Suncor is advised of the possibility of such damages, resulting from the use of, or the inability to make use of, this website or its content.
Links
Suncor’s websites contain links to third party sites.
These links have been provided solely as a convenience for users of the websites and do not constitute an endorsement by Suncor of the content of third party sites.
Links to Suncor websites may also be provided from other websites either known or unknown to Suncor.
Accessing other websites linked to or from Suncor’s websites is at your own risk.
If you wish to link to this website, please contact us.
Currency and Accuracy of Information
The content on this website may not always be the most current source of information about Suncor, and Suncor disclaims liability for any failure to update this website or the information or any document contained herein.
In addition, the documents and information available on this website are not intended to provide specific legal, accounting, financial, investing or tax information or advice to you and are provided as a convenience only.
Where any documents on this website have been filed in accordance with applicable securities laws, the documents may not be the official versions of Suncor’s securities laws disclosure documents, and you are directed to obtain official copies either from applicable securities regulatory authorities, www.sedar.com, http://www.sec.gov or from Suncor.
The documents and information provided do not constitute an offer or a solicitation of an offer for the purchase or sale of any shares or other securities of Suncor and should not be used for the purpose of making investment decisions concerning securities of Suncor.
Forward-Looking Statements
Suncor’s websites contain certain forward-looking information and forward-looking statements (collectively referred to herein as “forward-looking statements”) within the meaning of applicable Canadian and U.S.
securities laws.
Forward-looking statements and other information are based on Suncor’s current expectations, estimates, projections and assumptions that were made by Suncor in light of information available at the time the statement was made and consider Suncor’s experience and its perception of historical trends, including expectations and assumptions concerning: the accuracy of reserves and resources estimates.
commodity prices and interest and foreign exchange rates.
the performance of assets and equipment.
capital efficiencies and cost-savings.
applicable laws and government policies.
future production rates.
the sufficiency of budgeted capital expenditures in carrying out planned activities.
the availability and cost of labour, services and infrastructure.
the satisfaction by third parties of their obligations to Suncor.
the execution of projects.
and the receipt, in a timely manner, of regulatory and third-party approvals.
In addition, all other statements and other information that address expectations or projections about the future, and other statements and information about Suncor’s strategy for growth, expected and future expenditures or investment decisions, commodity prices, costs, schedules, production volumes, operating and financial results, future financing and capital activities, and the expected impact of future commitments are forward-looking statements.
Some of the forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “objective”, “targets”, “estimates”, “anticipated”, “plans”, “goal”, “vision”, “strategy”, “expects”, “proposed”, “intention”, “continue”, “may”, “will”, “outlook”, “opportunity”, “pursuing”, “illustrative”, “projected”, “scheduled”, “believes”, “indicates”, “could”, “focus”, “should”, “would” and variations of such words and similar expressions.
Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and uncertainties, some that are similar to other oil and gas companies and some that are unique to Suncor.
Suncor’s actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by its forward-looking statements, so readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on them.
Risks, uncertainties and other factors that could influence the financial and operating performance of Suncor include, but are not limited to, changes in general economic, market and business conditions, such as commodity prices, interest rates and currency exchange rates.
fluctuations in supply and demand for Suncor’s products.
the successful and timely implementation of capital projects, including growth projects and regulatory projects.
competitive actions of other companies, including increased competition from other oil and gas companies or from companies that provide alternative sources of energy.
labour and material shortages.
actions by government authorities, including the imposition or reassessment of taxes or changes to fees and royalties, and changes in environmental and other regulations.
the ability and willingness of parties with whom we have material relationships to perform their obligations to us.
outages to third-party infrastructure that could cause disruptions to production.
the occurrence of unexpected events such as fires, equipment failures and other similar events affecting Suncor or other parties whose operations or assets directly or indirectly affect Suncor.
the potential for security breaches of Suncor’s information systems by computer hackers or cyberterrorists, and the unavailability or failure of such systems to perform as anticipated as a result of such breaches.
our ability to find new oil and gas reserves that can be developed economically.
the accuracy of Suncor’s reserves, resources and future production estimates.
market instability affecting Suncor’s ability to borrow in the capital debt markets at acceptable rates.
maintaining an optimal debt to cash flow ratio.
the success of Suncor’s risk management activities using derivatives and other financial instruments.
the cost of compliance with current and future environmental laws.
risks and uncertainties associated with closing a transaction for the purchase or sale of an oil and gas property, including estimates of the final consideration to be paid or received, the ability of counterparties to comply with their obligations in a timely manner and the receipt of any required regulatory or other third-party approvals outside of Suncor’s control that are customary to transactions of this nature.
the accuracy of cost estimates, some of which are provided at the conceptual or other preliminary stage of projects and prior to commencement or conception of the detailed engineering that is needed to reduce the margin of error and increase the level of accuracy.
the ability to secure adequate product transportation.
the risk of war, hostilities, civil insurrection, political instability and terrorist threats.
and risks associated with existing and potential future lawsuits and regulatory actions.
The foregoing important factors are not exhaustive.
Although Suncor believes that the expectations represented by such forward-looking statements are reasonable, there can be no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct.
Suncor’s most recently filed Annual Report, Quarterly Report, Annual Information Form/Form 40-F, and other documents it files from time to time with securities regulatory authorities describe the risks, uncertainties, material assumptions and other factors that could influence actual results and such factors are incorporated herein by reference.
Copies of these documents are available without charge from Suncor through the following means:

via mail request: 150 6th Avenue S.W., Calgary, Alberta T2P 3Y7,
by telephone 1 (800) 558-9071,
via email request to info@suncor.com
by referring to Suncor’s profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com/ or EDGAR at www.sec.gov/.

Except as required by applicable securities laws, Suncor disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
Certain financial measures on Suncor’s websites are not prescribed by Canadian generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”).
Non-GAAP measures presented do not have any standardized meaning and therefore are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies.
Therefore, these non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance prepared in accordance with GAAP.
Non-GAAP measures are included because management uses the information to analyze business performance, leverage and liquidity and therefore may be considered useful information by investors.
Non-GAAP measures are defined and reconciled in Suncor’s most recent Management’s Discussion and Analysis filed with securities regulatory authorities available at www.sedar.com/.
Reserves
Unless otherwise stated, reserves information presented on Suncor’s websites is presented as Suncor’s working interest (operating and non-operating) before deduction of royalties, and without including any royalty interests of Suncor.
For more information on Suncor’s reserves, please see Suncor’s most recent Annual Information Form/Form 40-F filed with securities regulatory authorities available at www.sedar.com/ and www.sec.gov/.
Certain crude oil and natural gas liquids volumes have been converted to mcfe on the basis of one bbl to six mcf.
Also, certain natural gas volumes have been converted to boe or mboe on the same basis.
Any figure presented in mcfe, boe or mboe may be misleading, particularly if used in isolation.
A conversion ratio of one barrel of crude oil or natural gas liquids to six thousand cubic feet of natural gas is based on an energy equivalency conversion method primarily applicable at the burner tip and does not necessarily represent value equivalency at the wellhead.
Given that the value ratio based on the current price of crude oil as compared to natural gas is significantly different from the energy equivalency of 6:1, utilizing a conversion on a 6:1 basis may be misleading as an indication of value.
Intellectual Property
All content on or available through this website is owned by or licensed to Suncor and is protected by copyright, trade-mark and other intellectual property laws and treaty provision laws.
Except as expressly provided on this website, no content on or available through this website may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, distributed or otherwise exploited in any way, without Suncor’s express prior written consent.
You should note that:

“Suncor” and “Petro‑Canada” are Canadian registered trade-marks and U.S.
registered trademarks of Suncor;
Suncor’s subsidiary, Suncor Energy Products Partnership, an Alberta partnership, uses the Petro‑Canada brands.
The Petro‑Canada brands are used under licence from Suncor;
“Sunoco” is a Canadian registered trade-mark of Suncor;
any references to “Sunoco” on Suncor websites refer only to the Ontario downstream brand owned by Suncor, which is separate and unrelated to the Sunoco brand used outside of Canada by Sunoco, Inc., a Philadelphia, U.S.A., corporation;
both “Shell” and “ExxonMobil” are U.S.
registered trademarks used by Suncor Energy (U.S.A.) Inc., as authorized licensee, in the state of Colorado.
and
any references to “Shell” or “ExxonMobil” on Suncor websites refers only to their use by Suncor Energy (U.S.A.) Inc.
in the state of Colorado or to their use by their licensor.

Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold Suncor, its officers, directors, shareholders, predecessors, successors, assigns, employees, agents, subsidiaries and affiliates, harmless from any demands, loss, liability, claims or expenses (including legal fees), made against Suncor by any third party due to or arising out of or in connection with your use of this website or its contents.
Termination, Modification and Suspension
Suncor may terminate your use of this website if you use this website or its contents in any way that is contrary to law or these terms of services or that in any way disrupts this website or Suncor’s services.
Suncor reserves the right to modify, suspend or terminate operation of or access to this website or its content or any portion of this website or its content, at any time.
Governing Law
These terms of service are governed by the laws of the Province of Alberta and the applicable laws of Canada and these laws apply to the use of this website or its content by you, notwithstanding your domicile, residency or physical location.
This website and its contents are intended for use only in jurisdictions where it may lawfully be offered for use.
General Provisions
These terms of service constitute the entire agreement between Suncor and you pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between you and Suncor with respect to this website.
A printed version of these terms of service and of any notice given in electronic form will be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these terms of service to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
Suncor’s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms of service will not be construed as a waiver of any provisions or right.
If any of the provisions contained in these terms of service are determined to be void, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such determination will not affect the remaining provisions contained herein.
The headings contained in these terms of service are for convenience of reference only and do not form part of these terms of service.
