
         Privacy Toggle accordion content Scope
This is a statement of the privacy practices applicable to Suncor Energy Inc.
(“Suncor”), its subsidiaries and its affiliates and describes how we collect, use and disclose personal information of our customers, website users and other individuals.
In this statement, references to “Suncor”, “we” and “our” and similar references may include – or refer only to – Suncor or one or more subsidiaries, affiliates or entities of Suncor, including Suncor Energy Foundation, Suncor Energy Products Partnership, Suncor Energy Marketing Inc.
and Suncor Energy (U.S.A.) Inc., as applicable.
Petro‑Canada is a Suncor business.
Personal Information
Personal information is any information about an identifiable individual or information that permits an individual to be identified, but does not, in most circumstances, include business contact information.
Our Commitment
Suncor is committed to protecting the privacy and security of the personal information of individuals with whom we interact in accordance with applicable privacy legislation.
Respecting and protecting your privacy is important to us and a priority in our continuing relationship.
Consent
We collect, use and disclose your personal information with your consent (which may be express or implied) or as required or permitted by law.
By providing us with your personal information, you consent to our collection, use and disclosure of that personal information in accordance with this statement of privacy practices.
If this statement of privacy practices is not acceptable to you, please do not submit any of your personal information.
Subject to legal and contractual requirements and upon reasonable notice, you may withdraw your consent to our further collection, use and disclosure of your personal information.
Contact us at privacy@suncor.com to request that your name be removed from our telephone, mail or email marketing lists.
If you refuse or withdraw consent, we may be unable to provide you with certain products, services or information, but we will not require personal information beyond what is required to provide those products, services or information.
Nature of Collection
We collect personal information, wherever appropriate, directly from you or from interactions with you, but may, where necessary, collect personal information from other sources.
The personal information we collect may include your name, address, email address, location and other information relevant to our providing of products and services to you or doing business with you.
We limit our collection of your personal information to the information that is reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes for the personal information we identify to you or as otherwise required or permitted by law.
Our Purposes for Collection, Use and Disclosure
Suncor collects, uses and discloses your personal information so that we can:

administer the Petro‑Points™ program;
provide you with ongoing services relating to your purchases of Suncor products, including, but not limited to, fuel, lubricants, car care, warranties and other offerings;
include you in preferred customer activities, such as special promotions and bonus offers;
manage, develop and improve our business and operations;
complete the necessary credit investigation(s) when you are applying for credit;
assist in the development and marketing of our products and services;
understand and respond to your needs and preferences, including recommending particular products and services to meet your needs;
administer scholarships and community-based programs;
provide localized content based on your location;
establish and maintain an effective relationship with those with whom Suncor interacts, including customers, suppliers and contractors with whom we do business;
provide information to interested individuals, including shareholders;
consider your application for employment opportunities with Suncor;
protect us from error, breach of contract, negligence, fraud and illegal activity;
engage in a business transaction, including a purchase, sale, lease, merger, amalgamation or any other type of acquisition, disposal, securitization of financing involving us or a part of our business.
and
comply with any legal or regulatory requirements, or to cooperate with police and/or financial institutions during any investigation of credit/debit card and/or suspected criminal/fraudulent activities involving Suncor or any of Suncor’s service providers or agents.

If we need your personal information for any other purpose, we will identify that purpose and obtain your consent.
Storing and Sharing of Personal Information
Suncor takes great care to ensure your personal information is securely stored.
Your personal information is held in confidence by Suncor.
Access to this information is restricted to authorized personnel of Suncor and, unless otherwise required or permitted by law, will only be disclosed to program partners (including partners in the Petro‑Points program as set out on Petro‑Points.com) and third-party service providers responsible for administering our programs or special offers or providing Suncor with services, provided that such partners and service providers use the information only for the purposes for which it was disclosed, and agree to maintain privacy policies consistent with those of Suncor.
Personal information collected by Suncor may be used, processed and stored outside of Canada and may be subject to disclosure in accordance with the laws of such foreign jurisdictions.
Please note that the personal information that you disclose on a commercial credit card application will only be used to complete the necessary credit investigation and will not be used for marketing or other purposes, unless we ask for and receive your consent for such use(s).
Our Websites
We use a few technologies to collect non-personal and Petro‑Points account-related data to make your experience on our websites better.
We gather this information to make our websites more efficient and relevant for you, find out what content is popular (or unpopular!), validate and complete transactions, improve website functionality and fix experiences that may be broken.
Specifically, we use:
Google Analytics.
This program works with our other tracking technologies below to paint a picture of how you and our other guests use our website.
Cookies.
These small files are placed in the temporary folder of your browser and help us track information about the use of our website during your session.
Pixel Tags.
These invisible images are placed on some of our webpages to enhance our analytics where our regular tracking may not be enough.
Session data logs.
Our servers automatically collect some anonymous information about your session and create log files.
User ID tracking.
Though most of our technologies work anonymously by assigning a random ID to track your session information, user ID tracking allows us to associate this information across devices and multiple sessions when you log in to your Petro‑Points account.
Location tracking.
We use your phone’s GPS capability or your desktop IP address to track your location so you can use our station locator accurately and see localized content.
What we collect.
These technologies allow us to collect information such as your:

browser 
device
return visits
referring and exit pages
transaction information
pages visited
time on page
preferences
location
login data
clicks
IP address
form fields

The bottom line is: we use this information to make our website better for you.
Is your information secure?
Your personal information is protected using defense-in-depth security, utilizing a combination of security technologies and practices such as data encryption, firewalls and security monitoring and audits.
You’ve got options.
You are consenting to our use of cookies and tracking technologies by visiting our website with a browser that is set to accept cookies.

If you’d like to disable cookies, visit the Help menu within your browser.
Each browser is different, but the menu will walk you through how to ensure your preferences are updated.
Our website works best with cookies.
Your experience may not be as seamless without them.

If you’d like to opt out of Google Analytics tracking, use Google Chrome to browse our sites and download their Google Analytics Opt-out extension.
Got questions?
Feel free to send us an email at privacy@suncor.com if you want to know more about our use of tracking technologies on our websites and your personal information.
