
        TERMS OF USEWelcome to the Pfizer Web site.
The information provided on this site is for general informational and educational purposes only.
Please read and review these Terms of Use carefully before accessing or using this Web site.
By accessing or using this site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agreed to the Terms of Use Agreement.
If you do not agree to the Terms of Use, you may not access or use the site.



Use of Web site. The information provided on this site is for general informational and educational purposes.
Certain sections of this Web site are intended for particular audiences including Pfizer's employees, customers and shareholders, as well as members of the health care community and the general public.
Your access to and use of the information contained in the Web site is subject to this Terms of Use Agreement.
By accessing and using this Web site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, this Terms of Use Agreement.

Content. Pfizer will use reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on this Web site but makes no warranties or representations of any kind as to its accuracy, currency or completeness.
You agree that access to and use of this Web site and the content thereof is at your own risk.
Pfizer disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
Neither Pfizer nor any party involved in creating, producing or delivering this Web site shall be liable for any damages, including without limitation, direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages, arising out of access to, use of or inability to use this Web site, or any errors or omissions in the content thereof.
This limitation includes damages to, or for any viruses that infect, your computer equipment.

Indemnification. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Pfizer, its officers, directors, employees, agents, suppliers and third party partners from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation by you of these Terms of Use.

Privacy. Pfizer respects the privacy of its Web site users.
Please refer to Pfizer’s Privacy Policy that explains users' rights and responsibilities with respect to information that is disclosed on this Web site.

Third Party Websites and Links. This Website may contain references or links to other Websites maintained by third parties over whom Pfizer has no control.
Such links are provided merely as a convenience.
Similarly, this Website may be accessed from third-party links over whom Pfizer has no control.
Pfizer makes no warranties or representations of any kind as to the accuracy, currency, or completeness of any information contained in such third-party Websites, including any third-party social media or mobile app platform.
Inclusion of any third-party link on this Website does not imply an endorsement or recommendation by Pfizer and a link to this Website from another Website does not imply a relationship between Pfizer and any third party.
Your use of any such third-party site or platform is at your own risk and will be governed by such third party's terms and policies (including its privacy policy).

Medical Information. This Web site may contain general information relating to various medical conditions and their treatment.
Such information is provided for informational purposes only and is not meant to be a substitute for advice provided by a doctor or other qualified health care professional.
Patients should not use the information contained herein for diagnosing a health or fitness problem or disease.
Patients should always consult with a doctor or other health care professional for medical advice or information about diagnosis and treatment.

Forward Looking Statements. This Web site contains forward-looking statements about Pfizer's financial and operating performance, business plans and prospects, in-line products and products in development that involve substantial risks and uncertainties.
Actual results could differ materially from the expectations and projections set forth in those statements.
Such risks and uncertainties include, among other things, the uncertainties inherent in pharmaceutical research and development.
decisions by regulatory authorities regarding whether and when to approve drug applications and supplemental drug applications as well as their decisions regarding labeling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of Pfizer products.
competitive developments.
the ability to successfully market both new and existing products.
challenges to the validity and enforcement of Pfizer's patents.
trends toward managed care and health care cost containment.
governmental laws and regulations affecting health care, including without limitation regarding pharmaceutical product access, pricing and reimbursement.
and general economic conditions, such as interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
A further list and description of these and other risks, uncertainties and other matters can be found in Pfizer's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent Reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K, all of which are available on this Web site and at www.sec.gov(link is external) Pfizer assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events or developments.

Non-Confidential Information. Subject to any applicable terms and conditions set forth in our Privacy Policy, any communication or other material that you send to us through the Internet or post on a Pfizer Web site by electronic mail or otherwise, such as any questions, comments, suggestions or the like, is and will be deemed to be non-confidential and Pfizer shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such information.
Pfizer shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such communication for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products.

Trademarks. All product names, whether or not appearing in large print or with the trademark symbol, are trademarks of Pfizer, its affiliates, related companies or its licensors or joint venture partners, unless otherwise noted.
The use or misuse of these trademarks or any other materials, except as permitted herein, is expressly prohibited and may be in violation of copyright law, trademark law, the law of slander and libel, the law of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
Please be advised that Pfizer actively and aggressively enforces its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.

Copyrights. The entire contents of this Web site are subject to copyright protection.
Copyright © 2002-2021 Pfizer Inc.
The contents of Pfizer Web sites may not be copied other than for noncommercial individual reference with all copyright or other proprietary notices retained, and thereafter may not be recopied, reproduced or otherwise redistributed.
Except as expressly provided above, you may not otherwise copy, display, download, distribute, modify, reproduce, republish or retransmit any information, text or documents contained in this Web site or any portion thereof in any electronic medium or in hard copy, or create any derivative work based on such images, text or documents, without the express written consent of Pfizer.
Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or right under any patent or trademark of Pfizer, or any third party.

Void Where Prohibited. This Web site and its contents are intended to comply with the laws and regulations in the U.S.
Although the information on this Web site is accessible to users outside of the U.S., the information pertaining to Pfizer products is intended for use only by residents of the U.S.
Other countries may have laws, regulatory requirements and medical practices that differ from those in the U.S.
This site links to other sites produced by Pfizer's various operating divisions and subsidiaries, some of which are outside the U.S.
Those sites may have information that is appropriate only to that particular originating country.
Pfizer reserves the right to limit provision of its products or services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction and/or to limit the quantities or any products or services we provide.
Any offer for any product or service made on this Web site is void where prohibited.

Governing Laws. This Terms of Use Agreement and your use of the Web site shall be governed by the laws of the United States of America and the State of New York without regard to its conflicts of laws principles.
Any legal action or proceeding related to this Web site shall be brought exclusively in a federal or state court of competent jurisdiction sitting in New York.

Miscellaneous. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, then such provision shall be severable without affecting the enforceability of all remaining provisions.
Pfizer reserves the right to alter or delete materials from this Web site at any time at its discretion.
Related ArticlesPreviousOur PurposePfizer's Commitment to Supplier Diversity Our PurposeCarbon Neutral by 2030: How Pfizer is Fighting Climate Change… Your HealthAnatomy of a Clinical Trial: The Purpose, People, and Phases of… Our ProductsShot of a Lifetime: How Two Pfizer Manufacturing Plants Upscaled… Our ProductsShot of a Lifetime: How Pfizer Developed its Own Raw Materials… Our ProductsShot of a Lifetime: How Pfizer and BioNTech Developed and… Our ProductsShot of a Lifetime: How Pfizer is Partnering with CMOs to… Your HealthWhy Raising Health Literate Children Is Important Our PurposeReasons to Reject H.R.
3 Your HealthThe Truth About COVID-19 and Black Fungus Our ScienceContinuing to Follow the Science: An Open Letter from Pfizer… Our PurposeHow We’re Partnering to Improve Health Outcomes for Black Youth Our PeopleRamcess Jean-Louis Is Ready to Build on Pfizer’s Longtime… Our PurposeWhy Foreign Drug Pricing Policies Don’t Work Our PurposeThrough Public-Private Partnership, Scientists are Working to… Our PurposeAiming for Equity: Assessing Pfizer's Ongoing Commitment to… Our PeopleThanking John Young for His Years of Service to Pfizer – and to… Our PurposeIncreased Access to Biosimilars Could Save the U.S.
Healthcare… Your HealthTranslating Technical Language into Plain Language for Clinical… Our PurposeHow 10 Biopharma Companies are Working Together to Bring… Our PeopleView for the Future NextShowAddThis Sharing ButtonsShare to FacebookFacebookShare to TwitterTwitterShare to LinkedInLinkedInShare to EmailEmailShare to PrintPrintHide
      