









 Privacy Effective Date: February 6, 2020
We at Philip Morris USA ("PM USA") respect your privacy and value the relationship we have with you.
This Privacy Statement describes the types of personal information we may collect on the PM USA Corporate Website, how we may use that information, and with whom we may share it.
Our Privacy Statement also describes the measures we take to protect the security of the information you provide to us through the PM USA Corporate Website.
We also tell you how you can reach us to update your contact information, unsubscribe from receiving emails from us, or answer any questions you may have about our privacy practices. 
Click on one of the links below to jump to the listed section:

Information We Collect and How We Use It

Contact Us
Email a Page
 &nbsp.
Information We Gather Automatically

Cookies and Web Beacons
 &nbsp.
Online Analytics
Information We Share
Links to Other Sites
Security
Updates to this Privacy Statement
How to Contact Us

 
Information We Collect and How We Use It PM USA collects personal information from you (such as your name, address, telephone number and email address) only if you provide it to us.
You may choose to do so, for example, by registering on the PM USA Corporate Website to receive Email Alerts or by providing information when you contact us through a "Contact Us" page.
Listed below are the ways we collect personal information about you, the types of information we collect and how we use it. Contact Us
You may choose to communicate with us through a "Contact Us" page.
We ask for your email address and name in order to reply to your message. Email a Page
The PM USA Corporate Website provides you with the ability to email pages found on the sites.
If you would like to email a page, we ask you to provide certain information such as your name and email address along with the email address of the recipient.
Information We Gather Automatically When you visit the PM USA Corporate Website, your browser automatically sends us certain information about your use of the PM USA Corporate Website, such as the Internet Protocol (IP) address and type of the device you're using, web browser characteristics, language preferences, referring/exit pages, clickstream data, and the dates and times of visits to the PM USA Corporate Website.
We collect this information through the use of cookies and web beacons to better understand how visitors use the PM USA Corporate Website and for other purposes described in this Privacy Statement.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Cookies are small text files that websites often place on the computer hard drives of visitors to their sites.
A cookie contains a unique number, which is used to recognize your computer when a user of your computer returns to a website that was visited previously.
Web beacons (also known as Internet tags, pixel tags and clear GIFs) are Internet tools that help us determine, for example, whether a website page has been viewed.
We use cookies and web beacons to enhance the online experience of our visitors and to better understand how the PM USA Corporate Website is used.
Cookies and web beacons may tell us, for example, whether you have visited the PM USA Corporate Website before or if you are a new visitor.
You can manage cookies through your web browser.
Most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable existing cookies.
You can find out how to do this for your particular browser by clicking "help" on your browser's menu or by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org.
The PM USA Corporate Website is not designed to respond to "do not track" requests from browsers.
Online Analytics Services
We use third-party web analytics services on the PM USA's Corporate Website, such as those of Sitecore Analytics and Google Analytics.
The analytics providers that administer these services use technologies such as cookies to help us analyze how visitors use the PM USA Corporate Website.
The information collected through these means (including IP address) is disclosed to these analytics providers to help us evaluate use of the PM USA Corporate Website and diagnose technical issues.
To learn about how Google Analytics collects and processes data and the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, you can visit https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/181881?hl=en and https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites.
To learn about how Sitecore analytics collects and processes data and the Sitecore Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on you can visit https://www.sitecore.com/trust/privacy-policy and https://www.sitecore.com/trust/privacy-policy#contactus.
Information We Share
PM USA does not sell or rent personal information about our visitors to third parties, except as described in this Privacy Statement or otherwise at the time of collection.
Under certain circumstances, we may share your personal information as described below.

To fulfill your requests or respond to your questions or concerns, we may share information you provide throughout the PM USA Corporate Website with other Altria operating companies, affiliates or companies in which we have an economic interest.
These companies, which may also have subsidiaries, include:

Altria Group Inc.
Altria Client Services

&nbsp.
We also share information provided by our visitors with service providers that have been retained to perform services on PM USA's behalf or on behalf of our affiliates or companies in which we have an economic interest.
In addition, we may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law or in connection with litigation, (ii) in response to a request from law enforcement authorities or other government officials, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity.

We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets.

Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use personal information you have provided through this website in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Statement.
Links to Other Sites
The PM USA Corporate Website contains links to other websites, some of which are operated by PM USA and others of which are operated by third parties.
We provide these links solely for your convenience and information.
These sites may have their own privacy notices, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked websites.
We are not responsible for the content of these sites, any products or services that may be offered through these sites, or any other use of these sites. Security
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards for the PM USA Corporate Website to protect against unauthorized disclosure, use, alteration or destruction of the information you provide on these sites. Updates to this Privacy Notice
We may change or update portions of this Privacy Statement at any time and without prior notice to you.
Please check back from time to time so you are aware of any changes or updates to the notice.
For significant changes, we will post a notice on the PM USA Corporate Website.
We will indicate at the top of the Privacy Statement when it was most recently updated.
Notice to California Residents
For information regarding your California privacy rights, please click here to view the California Privacy Policy. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about our Privacy Statement, feel free to Contact Us by phone or email.
You may also write to us at:
Altria Client Services
Corporate Communications
6601 West Broad Street
Richmond, VA 23230
