
         Cookie List A cookie is a small piece of data (text file) that a website – when visited by a user – asks your browser to store on your device in order to remember information about you, such as your language preference or login information.
Those cookies are set by us and called first-party cookies.
We also use third-party cookies – which are cookies from a domain different than the domain of the website you are visiting – for our advertising and marketing efforts.
More specifically, we use cookies and other tracking technologies for the following purposes: Performance Cookies These allow us to understand how people in general (rather than any individual) use the site, and how well the site performs.
In turn, this allows us to improve the way the site operates.
To do this, we use these technologies to derive aggregated data: the information they collect from your device is first reduced so that it identifies only the area where you are located, then aggregated, and only then (when the data does not relate to any individuals) do we analyse it.
You can opt in or out of our use of these cookies as you wish. Performance Cookies Cookie Subgroup Cookies Cookies used www.pmi.com SessionCamTestCookie, sc.InTg, sc.ASP.NET_SESSIONID, AvatureParams, sc.UserId First Party pmi.com _gid, _ga, _gat_UA-, _gclxxxx, AKA_A2, _gat_UA-10855057-17 First Party nr-data.net JSESSIONID Third Party d2oh4tlt9mrke9.cloudfront.net SessionCamTestCookie, sc.ASP.NET_SESSIONID Third Party ws.sessioncam.com sc.ASP.NET_SESSIONID Third Party Strictly Necessary Cookies These are essential to deliver the site, or features of it that you select, in a convenient way.
Examples: remember who you are, your preferences and your settings, so you don’t need to enter them each time you change page.
display content on your device properly.
fraud prevention (e.g.
to make sure the same person doesn’t complete the same survey twice).
Because these features are necessary, this tool does not allow you to opt out.
Nevertheless, if you wish you can set your browser to reject all cookies, in which case the site may not display properly, and the features you select may not be available. Strictly Necessary Cookies Cookie Subgroup Cookies Cookies used www.pmi.com AWSELB, gig_bootstrap_3_, AWSELBCORS, ASP.NET_SessionId First Party d2oh4tlt9mrke9.cloudfront.net sc.UserId Third Party cookielaw.org __cfduid Third Party pmi.com OptanonConsent, OptanonAlertBoxClosed, gig_toggles Third Party Targeting Cookies These cookies track your use of our, and other, site(s).
We tailor our offerings to suit your experiences and interests, e.g.
to:
-personalize your experiences with us, e.g.
call centers, meetings with our staff, visits to our websites and apps
-personalize our ads, content, and communications
-track your continued interest in our brands.
These cookies help us with this:
-we follow the way you interact with us, and (where you allow) with others, e.g.
how your calls to us are handled
-we use tracking pixels (where you allow it) to note which of our e-mails/SMS/etc.
you open and which links you click
-where you opt in on this, or one of our other, website(s), we use these technologies to electronically follow how you use our, and certain third party, websites and mobile apps
-we combine our learnings from all this (as far as we can.
e.g.
if you are not in one of our databases, we will be less able to) to build up a picture of your preferences and your interests
You can opt in or out of these cookies as you wish. Targeting Cookies Cookie Subgroup Cookies Cookies used com _fbp First Party pmi.com _gat_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx First Party www.pmi.com sf-trckngckie, __atuvs, __atuvc First Party cdn.krxd.net kppid_managed Third Party dpm.demdex.net dpm Third Party addthis.com uvc, xtc, loc Third Party beacon.krxd.net kppid_managed Third Party gigya.com gmid, hasGmid, ucid, gig3pctest Third Party adform.net C, uid Third Party demdex.net demdex Third Party everesttech.net everest_session_v2, everest_g_v2 Third Party doubleclick.net IDE, test_cookie Third Party s7.addthis.com __atrfs, __atuvc, __atuvs Third Party 
      