
         Terms of UseThis site is operated by Philip Morris Products S.A.
When you use this site, you agree to the terms and conditions that follow and to the terms and conditions of our Privacy Notice.
If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, you should immediately cease use of this site.
This site is offered to you conditional on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein. The Structure of our OrganizationPhilip Morris International Inc., is the parent company of Philip Morris Products S.A.
Throughout the site, the terms "Philip Morris International," "PMI," "PMI subsidiaries," "we," "us" and "our" refer, as appropriate in the context, to Philip Morris International Inc., or one or more of its subsidiaries.
Featured products and positions on issues included on the site are products or positions of the separate businesses operated by the appropriate subsidiary corporation.LinksThis site includes links to other sites, some of them operated by PMI subsidiaries and some of them operated by third parties.
These links are provided as a convenience to you and as an additional avenue of access to the information contained in those other sites.
We have not necessarily reviewed all the information on other sites and are not responsible for the content of any other sites or for any products or services that may be offered through other sites.
Third-party sites may contain information with which we do not agree.
Inclusion of links to other sites should not be viewed as an endorsement of the content of linked sites.
Different terms and conditions may apply to your use of any linked sites.
You understand that all information (such as data files, written text, computer software, music, audio files or other sounds, photographs, videos or other images) to which you may have access through links to other sites are the sole responsibility of the person from whom such content originated.Purpose of This SiteThis site is operated for the purpose of providing general information about us.
The site is not operated for advertising or marketing purposes.
The material on this site should not be regarded as an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any product of PMI.
Such products are sold only in compliance with the laws of the particular jurisdictions in which they are sold.Accuracy, Completeness and Timeliness of Information on This SiteWe cannot guarantee that the information that we make available on this site is fully accurate, complete, or current.
The material on this site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making significant decisions without consulting primary or more accurate, more complete, or more timely sources of information.
Any reliance upon the material on this site shall be at your own risk.
This site may contain certain historical information.
Historical information is not necessarily current and is provided for your reference only.
We reserve the right to modify the contents of the site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on this site.
You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to the site.Use of Material from This SiteThis site (including all its contents) is the property of PMI, or its licensors and is protected by copyright, trademark and other laws of the United States, Switzerland and other countries.
We authorize you to browse through the site and print and download copies of material on the site for your personal, non-public, non-commercial use only, so long as you do not remove any copyright or other notices that appear on the material you print or download.
You agree that you will not otherwise copy, display or transmit any material on the site in any manner or medium.
You also agree not to modify, sell, broadcast or distribute any material on the site in any manner or medium, including by uploading the material or otherwise making the material available on-line.TrademarksThis site features logos and other trademarks and service marks that are the property of, or are licensed to, PMI.
The site may also include trademarks or service marks of third parties.
All these trademarks are the property of their respective owners, and you agree not to use or display them in any manner without the prior written permission of the applicable trademark owner.Google AnalyticsGoogle Analytics, owned by Google, Inc.
("Google") is used by this Site and is a way for us to monitor how you use this site so that we can improve the site.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google.
Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States of America.
Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators, and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf.
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
By using this site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.Securities of Philip Morris International Inc.We are not providing investment advice through this site, and the material on this site should not be regarded as an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities of Philip Morris International Inc.
If you decide to use any material available on this site in assessing whether to buy or sell securities of Philip Morris International Inc., please be aware that the material on this site generally reflects past performance and historical information only, and that such performance and information is not necessarily an indication of future performance.DisclaimersYour use of this site is at your sole risk.
The site is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis.
We reserve the right to restrict or terminate your access to the site or any feature or part of it at any time.
Philip Morris International Inc., and all PMI subsidiaries expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including the implied warranties of merchantability, satisfactory quality and fitness for a particular purpose and any warranties that material on the site is noninfringing.
that access to the site will be uninterrupted or error-free.
that the site will be secure.
or that information on the site will be complete, accurate or timely.
If you download any material from this site, you do so at your own discretion and risk.
You will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any such material.
No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from Philip Morris International Inc, any PMI subsidiary or through or from the site shall create any warranty of any kind.
You agree that links from this website may expose you to content that you may find offensive or objectionable and that in this respect, you use the services at your own risk.Limitation of LiabilityTo the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, you understand and agree that neither Philip Morris International Inc., nor any of its subsidiaries (including Philip Morris Products S.A.) or third-party content providers shall be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, punitive, or any other damages relating to or resulting from your use of or inability to use this site or any other site you access through a link from this site or from any actions we take or fail to take as a result of electronic mail messages you send us.
These include damages for errors, omissions, interruptions, defects, delays, computer viruses, your loss of profits, loss of data, unauthorized access to and alteration of your transmissions and data, and other tangible and intangible losses.
This limitation applies regardless of whether the damages are claimed under the terms of a contract, as the result of negligence, or otherwise, and even if we or our representatives have been negligent or have been advised of the possibility of such damages.Your Liability
If you cause a technical disruption of the site or of the systems transmitting the site to you or others, you agree to be responsible for any and all liabilities, costs and expenses (including attorneys' fees) arising from that disruption.Intellectual Property Rights of OthersWe respect the intellectual property rights of others, and we request that our visitors do the same.
If you think that your work has been copied in a manner that constitutes copyright infringement, please notify us at:
Philip Morris Products S.A. Law Department Avenue de Rhodanie 50 1007 Lausanne, SwitzerlandJurisdictionPhilip Morris International Inc., is headquartered in New York City in the United States of America.
This site is operated by Philip Morris Products S.A.
in Switzerland.
The laws of Switzerland govern these terms and conditions and your use of the site, and you irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of the competent courts located in Lausanne, Switzerland for any action to enforce these terms and conditions.
We recognize that it is possible for you to obtain access to this site from any jurisdiction in the world, but we have no practical ability to prevent such access.
This site has been designed to comply with the laws of Switzerland.
The businesses conducted by the subsidiaries of Philip Morris International Inc., operate in various countries throughout the world and comply with the laws of the particular jurisdictions in which they operate.
If any material on this site, or your use of the site, is contrary to the laws of the place where you are when you access it, the site is not intended for you, and we ask you not to use the site.
You are responsible for informing yourself of the laws of your jurisdiction and complying with them.Changes to These TermsWe reserve the right, at our complete discretion, to change these terms and conditions at any time by posting revised terms on the site.
It is your responsibility to check periodically for any changes we may make to these terms and conditions.
Your continued use of this site following the posting of changes to these terms or other policies means you accept the changes.

 
 
