
        Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy describes how LINEROCK INVESTMENTS LTD.
("LINEROCK INVESTMENTS", "We", "Us", or "Our") protects your privacy when you use LINEROCK INVESTMENTS services ("Services") which includes the Web site located at pho.to the "Site") and all LINEROCK INVESTMENTS mobile phone applications ("Mobile").
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY.
BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DESCRIBED HEREIN AND ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH BELOW, YOU MAY NOT USE THE LINEROCK INVESTMENTS SERVICES.
This Privacy Policy together with our Terms of Service applies to information (including personal information) collected during your use of LINEROCK INVESTMENTS services.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, "personal information" means information that identifies you personally, either alone or in combination with other information available to us.
Personal information does not include technical, device, or usage information that cannot be used to identify you personally, nor does it include "aggregate" information, which is data we collect about the use of the Services or about a group or category of Services or users, from which individual identities or other personal information have been removed.
This Privacy Policy in no way restricts or limits our collection and use of aggregate and non-personal information, and we may share such data about our users with third parties for various purposes. What Information We CollectWe respect the privacy of every individual who uses our Services.
We collect certain personal information that you voluntarily provide to us.
For example, we collect your name, email address, user name, social network information and other information you provide us when you register, set up an account, contact us by e-mail or use our services.
We may also obtain information from other companies and combine that with the information we collect on the Services.
for example, when you link your account with Facebook, we might have access to your name and profile picture.
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect some information.
Such information includes the type of browser you use, your browser’s language, access time or the website from which you linked to us.
We also collect information about your computer's operating system and information about your usage and activity on the Site.
This information is only used to assist us in providing an effective service.
We may, from time to time, supply the owners and operators of third party websites and mobile applications which have a link to our site or application with information about the number of users of our Site or Mobile.
You cannot be identified from any of this information.
With your permission (on download or in the app), we may access and store the Content (your user name and photos) you provided while using our Mobile applications and Site.
We may also edit stored photos, apply effects to them and use them to perform marketing activities.
Yet we will show your photos or your edited photos solely to you (for example by sending you promotional e-mails you opted-in).
We may also collect information about others if you use our Services to upload, share and/or distribute Content that contains information about them, including their name, image and online contact information. SERVICE DATATo use our Services, you should provide a photo prior to the event of photo editing.
Since the processing requires Internet connection and is performed on our servers the photos are sent there through the encrypted connection.
We use Secure Socket Layer technology to protect the privacy and integrity of the transmission process.
For non-registered users and users who don’t share their results within the Services, the original photos and results are automatically removed from our servers by two weeks after the last interaction.
For registered users who share their results within the Services that provide special social network features, the shared content will be stored on the servers and shown within the Services unless a user either removes the images themselves or requests such a removal by contacting our support team.
Whenever you choose an effect that involves face manipulations we use special face recognition technologies to:

detect a face in a photo;
find required facial key points (the set of points varies with the effect);
and apply the effect to your photo.

The detected key points may be kept along with the photo on the servers of our providers for up to two weeks from the last interaction with the photo.
The only purpose of this is to speed up any further processings of the same photos.CookiesWe automatically collect certain information through the use of "cookies".
Cookies are small data files that are stored locally.
We use cookies to collect information about your device, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report information to our branded partners.
We may store some information locally when you visit the Site or use Services.
This information facilitates your use of the site or Sevices, personalizes your experience, and helps us to remember your preferences.
The information stored in a cookie provides features that recognize your account as logged on and other Site or Serveces features.
We do not have any control over cookies which our advertisers or branded partners may use.SecurityThe technology that we use and the policies that we have implemented are intended to safeguard your privacy from unauthorized access and improper use.
We will continue to update these measures as new technology becomes available.
However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security measures.
If you use a password on our Services, you are responsible for keeping it confidential.
Do not share it with any other person.
If you believe your password has been misused or your account compromised, please advise us immediately. How We Use Your  Personal InformationWe use personal information and service data collected through the Services:

to communicate with you or third parties;
to process your requests and transactions;
to improve the Services;
to customize the services and/or products we provide to you;
to assist with our product and service development;
to perform marketing activities;
to provide relevant advertising;
and for other purposes related to our business.
 With Whom We Share Your Personal InformationPersonal information (and non-personal information) collected through the Services may be shared with companies and organizations that perform services on our behalf (for example, companies that provide data management or other support services to us such as data storage and Web hosting services).
We may share your personal information (and non-personal information) with third parties to serve you relevant advertising (learn how advertising partners collect and use data) and market our products, but we won't sell your personal information.
Also, we may disclose the personal information we collect through the Services when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to:

comply with applicable law (e.g., in response to a valid court order or subpoena);
prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft;
enforce or to apply our Terms of Service and other agreements;
to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users or others;
or to protect your vital interests.

We do not disclose your images, which you have uploaded for editing and manipulation to any of the Services unless you provide explicit consent to show your images at our Site, Mobile and other Services, or at third party services.
Your personal information and other data collected by us may be transferred to another company that has acquired our stock or assets, for example, as a result of a sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or liquidation.
If such a transfer occurs, the acquiring company's use of your personal information will still be subject to this Privacy Policy. Modifying Your 
Information — Opt-Out/Opt-InWe respect your right to make choices about the ways we collect, use and disclose your personal information.
You may update or modify your information or change your privacy preferences at any time via our Services.
You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us, including, but not limited to, promotional emails, by clicking a special unsubscribe link in the e-mail or other Content from us.
Transactional service communications (such as messages about your registration) are not subject to the foregoing opt-out procedures.
Requests to disable your account or reset your password should be sent to support@pho.to for faster processing. Links, Hosted Sites &amp.
AdvertisersWe do not have any control over the privacy practices of any external websites linked from the Site or Mobile (or any of the websites that are hosted on our server and aren't affiliated with us).
Therefore you should review their privacy policies separately from ours and know that we in no way have any control over their practices.
Third party advertisers may collect certain information that is available to them through your interaction with their advertisements.
LINEROCK INVESTMENTS has no control or knowledge as to their practices and it is suggested that you read their privacy policy separately before clicking on any advertisements.CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYWe may change this Privacy Policy from time to time.
If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy that we think materially alter your rights, then we will post the latest policy to this site.
We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy whenever you visit the Services to understand how your personal information is used.QUESTIONSIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via support@pho.to.
