
         Terms of Service What are these Terms?  These terms form a binding contract between you and us ("these Terms") regarding your access to and use of any of our web sites, web applications, services, products and Software that contain a link to these Terms (individually and collectively, the "Service").
 Changes to the Service or these Terms  We may make changes to, update (or not update) or discontinue any part, element, functionality, availability or offering of the Service.
We may also make changes or updates to these Terms at any time and for any reason in our sole discretion, including complying with applicable law.
If we make any material changes to these Terms, we’ll provide notice to you in any way we deem reasonable including, for example, by posting a notice of the change on our web site(s) or in-service, or by sending a notice to your email address if you’ve given it to us.
 Your content  These Terms don’t grant us (and we don’t claim) any ownership rights in Your Content.


Posting Your Content. By sharing, publishing (e.g.
through Imgur), distributing or allowing others to access Your Content through the Service You are solely responsible for the consequences of doing so and you acknowledge and agree that Your Content may be viewed worldwide.
If you choose to make your personal information publicly available through the Service, you do so at your own risk.
You warrant that you have obtained all necessary licenses, rights and permissions to use and grant all of the rights granted in these Terms to Your Content and that you will comply with any requirements or restrictions imposed by them.
 Registering for the Service  You may be required or permitted to register with us to access the Service or certain areas of the Service.
You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your registration information (including all purchases).
You may also be able to sign into the Service by using a third-party social networking platform account (such as Facebook, Google+ or Twitter).
Your registration information (including your user name and password, and any social networking account with which you sign into the Service) is for your personal use only, and not for use by any other person.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any password you may use to access the Service, and agree not to transfer your password or user name to any third party.
You are fully responsible for all use of your registration information, and to ensure that you "log out"/exit from your account with the Service (if applicable) at the end of each session.
We are not liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with any of the foregoing obligations.
 Privacy Policy  By voluntarily providing us with Personal Data, you are consenting to our use of it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If you provide Personal Data to the Service, you acknowledge and agree that such Personal Data may be transferred from your current location to our servers.

Computer information collected:


Third party tracking tools. We use third party tracking tools to improve the performance and features of the Service (e.g.
Google Analytics).
Such tools are created and managed by parties outside our control.
As such, we are not responsible for what information is actually captured by such third parties or how such third parties use and protect that information.

Name and email for the authorization. You may use third-party services (such as Facebook or Google) to log into the Service.
In such case, we store your name and email address, that were provided to us by third-party services.

Environment settings. When you use the Service, environment settings (e.g.
current language, current color theme) are stored at your computer in "localData".
It helps us provide you the same environment when you visit the Service next time. When you log into the Service, your environment settings are stored at our server.


Payer information. When you make an order inside the Service and you pay through a third-party service (e.g.
PayPal), we may store the information about the payer, that we may receive from the third-party service (it usually contains the name, the email address and the physical address of the payer, but no card numbers or passwords).

