
        
Piano Pronto Cookie Policy
This Cookie Notice explains how we use cookies and similar technologies as well as the options you have to control them.
What are cookies and how does Piano Pronto use them?
A cookie is a small text file that a site stores on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site.
Browsers support cookies so that a site like Piano Pronto can remember information about your visit.
In this Notice, we use the term “cookie” to refer both to cookies and similar technologies.
Cookies may be set by the site you are visiting (called “first-party cookies”) or by a third party, such as those who provide analytics or interactive content on the site (“third-party cookies”).
First-Party Cookies

Strictly Necessary: These cookies are necessary for our services to function properly and securely and cannot be switched off in our systems.
You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but then some parts of the site will not work.
These include: Cookie
Purpose
Expires
Options x-jwt-token
Stores a security token needed to make API requests and log in as a user.
2 years
HTTP only, Secure, Same Site only 
Functional: These cookies enable Piano Pronto to provide enhanced functionality and personalization.
If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these features may not function properly. Cookie
Purpose
Expires
Options sortmode
Stores your preference when viewing category listings
2 years
Secure, Same Site only viewmode
Stores your preference when viewing category listings
2 years
Secure, Same Site only dark
Stores your light or dark theme preference
2 years
Secure, Same Site only Third-Party Cookies
Piano Pronto also includes cookies from the following services:

Google services such as ReCAPTCHA, Google Analytics, Google Maps, and YouTube.
Google may collect information about your device independently.
Refer to Google’s Cookie Policy for more information.
Braintree services for processing credit card information.
Refer to Braintree’s Cookie Policy for more information.
PayPal services for processing PayPal transactions.
Refer to PayPal’s Cookie Policy for more information.

Your browser settings
Your browser includes controls that allow you to manage the use of cookies by the sites that you visit.
Most browsers have features that enable you to see and delete cookies stored on your device and to block cookies from all or selected sites.
For more information, here are links to external help materials from some of the popular browsers:

Mozilla Firefox
Apple Safari
Google Chrome
Microsoft Edge

