
        
Piano Pronto Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from pianopronto.com (the “Site”).
Security Policy
Your privacy and security is very important to us.
We take the following security measures at Piano Pronto, so you can be sure your checkout is safe and secure.

Credit card information is is sent directly from your browser to our payment processor, Braintree Payments (a PayPal company).
Our servers never receive, nor store, your full credit card information.
Our payment processor sends us only a redacted card number, and expiration date.
This website uses a 2048-bit TLS (SSL) certificate that is rotated every 60 days.
This website uses a Content Security Policy (CSP) in order to limit which domains resources can be loaded from.
We never store passwords in plain-text.

We never sell your personal information!


Personal Information We Collect
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, and operating system.
Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site.
We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:

“Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and include an anonymous unique identifier as well as a non-anonymous identifier if you are logged in.
“Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, and operating system.

Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, and phone number.
We refer to this information as “Order Information.”
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.
How Do We Use Your Personal Information?
We use the Order Information that we collect to:

Fulfill any orders placed through the Site.
Communicate with you, including order confirmation and shipment emails.
Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud.

Sharing Your Personal Information
We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Information may be shared with the following services:

Google services such as ReCAPTCHA, Google Analytics, Google Maps, and YouTube.
Google may collect information about your device independently.
Refer to Google’s Privacy Policy for more information.
Braintree services for processing credit card information.
Refer to Braintree’s Privacy Policy for more information.
PayPal services for processing PayPal transactions.
Refer to PayPal’s Privacy Policy for more information.

Do Not Track
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
Your Rights
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted.
If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.
Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
Data Retention
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
Changes
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
Contact Us
For more information about our privacy practices, or if you have questions, please contact us.
