
        Cookie Policy
Welcome to Picker Wheel!
This Cookie Policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use and visit:


https://pickerwheel.com/
(Hereinafter referred to as “Picker Wheel”).


The information collected through cookies will be under responsibility and in charge of:



Picker Wheel
 &gt.
&gt.
contact@pickerwheel.com



This Cookie Policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions.

By using the website, you accept the use of cookies by Picker Wheel, in the terms contained in this policy.

1.
What Are Cookies?
Cookies" are small text files that are stored on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website.
They allow the website to recognize your device and remember if you have been to the website before.
Cookies are a very common web technology.
most websites use cookies and have done so for years.
Cookies are widely used to make the website work more efficiently.
Cookies are used to measure which parts of the website users visit and to personalize their experience.
Cookies also provide information that helps us monitor and improve the performance of the website.
2.
Refusing or Withdrawing Consent to the Use of Cookies
If you do not want Cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some Cookies and to alert you when a Cookie is placed on your device.
For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help’, ‘tool’, or ‘edit’ section.
Please note that if you use your browser settings to block all Cookies, including strictly necessary Cookies, you may not be able to access or use all or parts of the functionalities of Picker Wheel.
If you want to remove previously stored Cookies, you can manually delete the Cookies at any time.
However, this will not prevent Picker Wheel from placing further Cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
We provide the links for the management and blocking of cookies depending on the browser you use:

Microsoft Edge: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/delete-cookies-in-microsoft-edge-63947406-40ac-c3b8-57b9-2a946a29ae09?ui=en-us&rs=en-us&ad=us
Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/clear-cookies-and-site-data-firefox
Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en
Safari: https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/safari/sfri11471/mac

3.
Third-Party Cookies
Third-party cookies may come from partners or third-party companies that provide functional web services or tools for our website and the optimal functioning and operation of our services.
We use third party cookies responsibly and for the sole purpose of providing optimal functioning of the platform and services.
You may opt out of these cookies by following the cookie removal information contained in this document or the technical information of the browser from which you access our website and services.
We use the following third-party cookies: CookieDomainTypeDescriptionDuration_ga.pickerwheel.comAnalyticsThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics.
The cookie is used to calculate visitor, session, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report.
The cookies store information anonymously and assign a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors.2 years_gid.pickerwheel.comAnalyticsThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics.
The cookie is used to store information of how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the website is doing.
The data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages viisted in an anonymous form.1 day
4.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are used to log in to the website with your respective credentials and password.
Session cookies are also used to keep users logged in.
Session cookies are temporary and are deleted from the device or browser when the session is closed, and the browser is closed.
We use session cookies to keep the session open when using our services and to identify you on our system each time you log on to the website.
5.
Social Cookies
These cookies allow you to share our website and click “Like” on social networks like Facebook, Twitter, Google, etc.
They also allow you interact with each distinct platform’s contents.
The way these cookies are used, and the information gathered is governed by the privacy policy of each social platform.
6.
Uses of Cookies
Our Cookies are used for the following purposes:

Strictly Necessary: These Cookies are essential for the website to perform its basic functions.

Analytics and Performance: Performance Cookies collect information on how users interact with our website, including what pages are visited most, as well as other analytical data.
We use these details to improve how our website function and to understand how users interact with them.

Advertising: These Cookies are used to display relevant advertising to visitors who use our services or visit website we host or provide, as well as to understand and report on the efficacy of ads served on our website.
They track details such as the number of unique visitors, the number of times particular ads have been displayed, and the number of clicks the ads have received.
They are also used to build user profiles, including showing you ads based on products you’ve viewed on our website.
These are set by Picker Wheel and trusted third party networks and are generally persistent in nature.
7.
Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns about this Cookie Policy and the handling and security of your data, please contact us via the contact information below:

Picker Wheel

contact@pickerwheel.com
ToolsPremium PlanAboutFeedback &amp.
ContactBlogLatest UpdatesEmbed WheelBuy Us A CoffeeVideo GalleryPrivacy PolicyTerms and ConditionsCookie Policyx Update Privacy Preferences An Elite CafeMedia Tech Publisher
      