
         Pillowfort P 


 Login PILLOWFORT PRIVACY POLICY Effective as of: 03/24/2019
Pillowfort Blogging LLC, (“Pillowfort” or “we”) is committed to being transparent about what data we collect from you and how you use it.
We also think you should have meaningful control over any data we collect from you and use.
That’s why we have this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy Agreement shall apply all of the Pillowfort Services, and thus it shall govern any and all data collection and usage thereof related to your use of the Services.

Pillowfort’s Collection of Information

Pillowfort collects information that you provide when using the Services.
This information includes the following:


Account information, including your username and password.
Although your username is public, you are welcome to use an alias or pseudonym instead of your real name.
We also require you to provide an e-mail address when your register for an account, so we can send notifications.
Pillowfort stores your user account settings and preferences.

User content that you submit to or make available on the Services.
This includes, but is not limited to, text, images, gifs, videos, and links.

User actions, including interactions with other users, interactions with moderators and admins, interactions with communities, and interactions with content.

Login and usage data, which may include your IP address, browser type, operating system, user-agent string, any search engine or referral link information, pages visited, and device information.

Transactional information, if you purchase premium features or access for the Services from Pillowfort.
Payments are processed by Authorize.Net.
Please refer to their privacy policy to learn about payment processing and storage.

Cookies.
Pillowfort does receive information from “cookies,” which is information your browser stores and sends to Pillowfort when making requests from the Services.
For example, cookies help us store and retrieve information about your user preferences and settings.
Pillowfort uses cookies to improve the quality of the Services, improve your experience, and understand user activity.

How Pillowfort may use and share your information.

Pillowfort may use information you provide and that we collect to:


 Research and development related to the services, such as communicating with you about surveys or questionnaires related to improving the Services;
 Provide you with notifications updates, security alerts, user violations, moderator messages, IP infringement concerns, and other related matters;
 Protecting the safety of the Services’ users and enforcing the Pillowfort Terms of Service and Content and Conduct Rules;
 Analyze and fix any technical problems with the Services or your Account;
 Monitor and analyze usage of and activities on the Services;
 Personalize the Services.
and
 Provide customer support.

Pillowfort stores information we collect about you from your use of the Services only to the extent it is used for the purposes for which we collected it.
Pillowfort may also retain some information for longer periods of time for legitimate business purposes or if it is required by law, such as your username and IP used when you created your Account.
Pillowfort does not now, nor will it in the future, sell our user information to third-parties.
But Pillowfort may share information you provide with others under the following circumstances:


Content Sharing.
Users of the Services will be able to see Content you post or make available on the Services along with your username associated with the content.
Although the Services do allow for private communities and user pages, they may become public at some point, which you should consider when posting Content.

Profile Information: Other users will be able to view your public user profile, which may contain your user name, prior posts, the communities to which you belong or follow, and when you created your Account.

Legal Obligations.
We may share information collection in response to a request for information, if we determine disclosure is required by any applicable law, legal process, court order, or regulation.
We will make every attempt to provide you with prior notice before disclosing your information in response to a legal request, if the law allows us to provide such notice.

To Enforce Our Terms.
We reserve the right to share your information if we believe it is necessary to enforce Pillowfort’s terms based on your use of the Services, or to protect Pillowfort, its property, the Services, or other users.

Emergency Circumstances.
We may disclose your information to third-parties if we believe it is necessary to prevent serious harm to you or another.

Consent.
We may share information with your consent.


Accessing and controlling use of your information

Users of the services may elect a number of ways to limit user information collection during use of the Services, and to protect the same.
This includes:


Changing and Deleting Account Information.
Through your Account profile, you may change and/or access certain Account information You provided, including your e-mail address, account preferences, recently viewed pages or communities,….
You also may delete your Account at any time.
While deleting your Account will make your username no longer available to other users of the Services, please understand that Content you posted before deleting your Account may still be visible to others unless you deleted the specific content prior to deleting your Account.
Pillowfort may also retain some information that you submitted to the Services for legitimate business purposes or if it is required by law, such as your username and IP used when you created your Account.

Cookies.
Most browsers allow you to change the browser settings to remove and/or reject cookies.
Please be aware that your use of the Services may be affected by changing the cookie settings on your browser.

Do Not Track.
Most browsers also allow you to change the browser settings to send a “Do Not Track” request to websites you visit.

Mobile Notifications.
If you consent at any time to receive push notifications to your mobile device from the Services, you may revoke that consent at any time by changing the notification settings in your Account settings.


E-mail Promotions.
Pillowfort occasionally sends communications by e-mail promoting new Services features, promoting premium features, including promotional newsletters, or otherwise promoting the Services.
You can opt-out of receiving these promotional e-mails by changing the e-mail options your Account settings, sending an e-mail to info@pillowfort.social, or by following the opt-out instructions in promotional e-mails.
Please understand that even if you opt-out of promotional e-mails, we may still send other notifications by e-mail, such as information regarding your use of the Services or your account.

Children under the age of 13

No person under the age of 13 is allowed to create a user Account or otherwise use the Services.
Accordingly, Pillowfort does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under the age of 13.
If it is determined that such information has been inadvertently collected on anyone under the age of 13, we shall immediately take the necessary steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our system's database.
In addition, the laws of your local jurisdiction (including within the European Economic Area) may require you to be over a certain age to use the Services, and/or require you to provide verifiable consent from your parent or legal guardian

Links to Other Web Sites

The Services do contain links to affiliate and other websites.
The Pillowfort Privacy Policy applies only to the Services, and does not apply to any other website, webpage, or application.
Pillowfort is not responsible for any privacy policies, terms of services, practices and/or procedures of other such websites.
We encourage all users and visitors to be aware when they leave our website, and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information.

Security

Pillowfort endeavors to take precaution to maintain adequate physical, procedural and technical security with respect to our physical offices and information storage facilities so as to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of the user's personal information under our control.
Pillowfort is based in the United States.
We use cloud servers located in the United States to store and process information provided through the Services.
Depending on the locations of our users and service providers, we may need to use servers in other countries to process and store user information.
By creating an Account or otherwise using the Services, you consent to us processing and storing information in and to the United States and other countries.

Information for Users Located in the European Economic Area

If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), you have to the right to:

 Request access to, alternation of, or deletion of your personal data provided to and stored by Pillowfort;
 Request data portability under certain circumstances;
 Object to any processing of your information, and request restriction of any processing of your information.
and
 Withdraw consent for information processing where you have previously provided consent.

You can exercise the rights as explained above in the “Accessing and controlling use of your information” section, or by contacting Pillowfort at the e-mail, telephone, or mailing address provided below.
Any user located in the EEA may also exercise their right to file a complaint with the local supervisory authority.
Pursuant to applicable law, Pillowfort collects and processes information about users located in the EEA only we have proper legal bases.
The legal bases for such collection and processing of data depends on the parts of the Services you use and how you use them.
Specially, we may collect and process information from EEA users as follows, which we believe are proper legal bases:

 You have consented to the collection and/or processing of your information for a specific purpose;
 We need to collect and/or process your information to comply with any legal obligations;
 Collection and/or processing of your information is necessary to provide you access to and use of the Services, which includes operation of the Services, providing you with support, and ensuring the safety and security of the Services.
and
 The collection and/or processing of your information is for a legitimate interest—which your data protection interests do not override—such as ensuring the safety and security of other users.
protecting the integrity, operation, and security of the Services.
preventing fraud, harm to others, or other unlawful or violent activity.
research and development.
and protecting Pillowfort’s legal rights.


Changes to Privacy Policy Agreement

Pillowfort reserves the right to update and/or change the terms of our Privacy Policy.
We will revise the effective date at the top of this policy to indicate when changes take effect.
Pillowfort will alert all account holders by e-mail of any change to this Privacy Policy that we consider to materially effect any provision of the policy.
If you continue to use the Services after any change to the Privacy Policy, you agree to be bound by the changed policy.

Acceptance of Terms.

Through the use of the Services, you are hereby accepting the terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree to one or more of the terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy, you must stop using the services immediately.

How to Contact Us

If you have any questions or concerns regarding the Privacy Policy, please contact us at the following email, telephone number or mailing address.
Email: info@pillowfort.io
Mailing Address:
Pillowfort Blogging LLC
PO Box 91022
Austin, Texas 78709-1022
