
        PimEyes' Terms and Conditions of Use version February 4th, 2022 How we operate Searching forPublic Information Only We search only the open web and sites that allow crawling their data.
That means we do not search social media, private accounts, or look for any information that is available only for registered users.
 Searching,Not Surveilling We are a self-investigative tool that allows people to search for publicly available information about themselves.
PimEyes is not intended for the surveillance of others and is not designed for that purpose. Fighting againstScammers We help people find and identify crimes directed against them like catfishing, nonconsensual pornography, or identity thefts.
We also give our users the tools to take action against their abusers. Providing Links,Not Controlling Them We provide links to external websites, however, we are not responsible for the content presented on them.
By delivering links in the search results we do not endorse these external websites or their practices.
Please read carefully the terms and conditions below, as they are legally binding if you decide to use PimEyes. I.
Definitions 
Short version:
Get to know the basic terms we use throughout the agreement.
You should know what we mean when we use each of them.


Operator - PimEyes.

Website - PimEyes service and PimEyes.com website belonging to the Operator and enabling the placement of orders for the services provided by the Operator, either directly or indirectly.

Subscriber - a person, who is using the services provided by the Operator.

User - a person who has visited or is using the Website

FastSpring, PayPal - merchant of record (MOR) that is authorized, and held liable, by a financial institution to process Subscriber’s credit card and debit transactions on the Operator’s behalf.

Consent - permission to process biometric data in the form of a photo of the User’s face.
This is done in order to search the Internet for photos containing the User’s face and check on which pages the User’s image is used.

PimEyes’ Alerts - a service that is used to notify Users about newly-found results with faces they have set the Alert for.

PROtect Image - a service that automatically excludes results from publicly available searches if they match the picture that has been uploaded to the service.

PROtect Takedown Requests - a service that consists of drafting and sending the DMCA and GDPR Takedown Notices on the Subscriber’s behalf in order to have the photos that the Subscriber has chosen removed from external websites.
Sending the DMCA Takedown Notice and GDPR Takedown Notice requires the Subscriber’s personal data.
Sending takedown notices without personal data is impossible.

Deep Search - a mechanism of searching index more thoroughly. II.
Terms of agreement 
Short version:
Take a look at the most important terms of the agreement: You become a Subscriber when you order/activate a service or register on the website.
You are a Subscriber until your service expires or you end the agreement.
PimEyes can end the agreement for formal reasons and violation of law or Terms and Conditions.


The agreement shall be deemed concluded upon the completion of the order form available on the Website and registration on the Website by the Subscriber, or activation of any service and receipt of the form by the Operator.
The Subscriber has the right to use the purchased services upon making all the required payments to the Operator.
The agreement is concluded for a specified term.
The agreement is terminated upon the expiration of the service should the Subscriber fail to pay within the required term for a subsequent period of the subscription.
The agreement may be terminated unilaterally by the Subscriber at any time without giving reasons.
In this case, the Subscriber is not entitled to the reimbursement of the fees previously paid to the Operator or any additional remuneration.
The agreement may be terminated unilaterally by the Operator with stated reasons in the event of:


Payment arrears for the use of services provided by the Operator,
Provision of incomplete or incorrect personal data by the Subscriber,
Clear breach of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions,
Clear violation of the law.
 III.
Use of services 
Short version:
While using the service, you must follow the terms of this section, which include consent to use your data from the photo, using the service in a manner not affecting the rights of third parties or law and contact us via contact form.


The primary channel of communication between the Operator and the Subscriber is via contact form.
The Operator is not responsible for the consequences of failure to extend the service validity period or failure to deliver other important messages, resulting from the failure to deliver appropriate notifications to the specified e-mail address of the Subscriber.
In order to use the service, the User/the Subscriber needs to agree to the processing of his biometric data in the form of a photo of the User’s face in order to search the Internet for photos containing the User’s face - to check on which pages the User’s image is used (“the Consent”).
The User/Subscriber is obliged to provide only his/her personal photo or is authorized to use third persons data in accordance with existing legal standards.
Using the website as an unregistered User, means the necessity to express the Consent each time in order to use the service.
In case of registered Users, the Consent is expressed only once at the stage of creating the User’s Account, without having to repeat it before each individual use of services, and applies until it is withdrawn, on the terms set out in the Privacy Policy.
The Subscriber agrees to use the services provided by the Operator in a manner not affecting the rights of third parties (personal rights, copyrights), good manners, generally applicable principles of international law.
The Subscriber’s use of services should be for private, personal, and legitimate consumer purposes.
If the Subscriber registers services on someone else's behalf he is responsible for the existence and scope of the authorization granted by the third party for the purpose of registration of services.
The Operator provides the Subscriber with free technical support during the term of the agreement by making instructions on websites enabling contact between the Subscriber and the Operator via contact form.
 IV.
Scope of service 
Short version:
In this section, you can find information about the benefits you receive as a free or registered User and the Open Plus, PROtect, or Advanced subscriber.


The Operator gives access to the PimEyes service, which allows searching the Internet for photos containing the User’s or the Subscriber’s face in order to check on which pages the User’s/Subscriber’s image is used.
The Open Plus Subscriber can perform up to 25 searches daily, display and access the sources of their results: website addresses containing photos of a Subscriber and links to source images, set up to 3 PimEyes’ Alerts.
The PROtect Subscriber can perform up to 25 searches daily, display and access the sources of their results: website addresses containing photos of a Subscriber and links to source images, set up to 15 PimEyes’ Alerts, set 1 PROtect Image, and report any or all of the results using the PROtect Takedown Requests service.
The Advanced Subscriber can perform an unlimited amount of searches, display and access the sources of their results: website addresses containing photos of a Subscriber and links to source images, set up to 500 PimEyes’ Alerts, use search filters, perform Deep Searches.
The way the Advanced Subscriber performs searches should not affect the quality of searches performed by other Users (fair usage).
When the Operator detects activity that is against fair usage, they temporarily block the Subscriber from the ability to conduct searches.
Access to the sources of results is granted for a specific time period defined on the Website (a month or a year).
Upon cancelling their subscription, the Subscriber loses their access to sources of their results.
 V.
Payments and settlements 
Short version:
All payment aspects are handled by a merchant of record (FastSpring, PayPal).
Your transaction history is in the User’s panel.


Available payment methods are handled fully by a merchant of record (FastSpring, PayPal).
In any case, when referring to the time of payment for services, it shall be understood as the moment when the positive payment is recorded on a merchant of record’s account.
Each transaction history is fully managed by the Operator and is available in the User’s panel.
Invoices are generated on demand by FastSpring (if the merchant of record is FastSpring) or by the Operator (if the merchant of record is PayPal).
The Subscriber agrees to receive invoices by electronic means of communication.
 VI.
Refunds 
Short version:
Refund is possible under specific conditions depending on the subscription you have and in the situation when you haven't deleted your account.


Refund is performed after the termination of the agreement.
Refund is possible only for the order from the month preceding the month the Subscriber claims the refund for.
Refund is not possible if:


the Open Plus Subscriber has performed at least one search or has at least one active Alert in the period for which he or she claims the refund.
the PROtect Subscriber has performed at least one search, or has at least one active Alert, or has an active PROtect Image, or has ordered sending the Takedown Notice in the period for which he or she claims the refund.
the Advanced Subscriber has performed at least one search or has at least one active Alert in the period for which he or she claims the refund.
the Subscriber has deleted their account.
 VII.
Operator’s liability and complaints 
Short version:
The section about our responsibility with regard to the service, search results, and e-mail communication.


The Operator shall provide services correctly as described on the Website.
The Operator is not responsible for search results quality, website addresses connected to those results, and content on these websites.
The Operator cannot guarantee that a similarity level of each search result will be consistent with real status.
Contact form communication channel requires the use of understandable English.
 VIII.
Final provisions 
Short version:
Take a look at technical requirements to use our search engine.
information about your responsibility to keep your account secure.
information about changes we can make to these Terms and Conditions and information how it will affect newly signed.
clarification that in disputes relating to these Terms and Conditions shall apply international law and that legal disputes between us and you shall be settled by a competent court according to our residence.


For the correct use of the service the Subscriber declares that they have the appropriate hardware (allowing the use of the Internet), Internet access, and software, in particular a web browser that supports HTML, CSS, JavaScript.
The Subscriber is aware of the risks associated with the use of the service and the related necessity to use passwords at the appropriate level of security (we suggest to use a strong password, consisting of at least 8 characters and containing small lowercase and uppercase letters as well as numbers or special characters), protection of local and remote computer systems against unauthorized access by third parties and the use of virus protection systems to protect against malware.
The Operator reserves the right to make changes to these Terms and Conditions.
These Terms and Conditions come into force on the date of their publication on the website of the Operator and since that time they shall be applied to newly signed or renewed agreements with the Operator.
Changes in the contents of the appendices and supporting documents do not constitute a change in the contents of these Terms and Conditions and the agreement.
For the purpose of the performance of these Terms and Conditions and the agreement, the Common law shall apply.
In the case of any disputes relating to these Terms and Conditions law provisions, including the provisions of the Civil Code and relevant laws shall apply.
Any legal disputes between the Operator and the Subscriber shall be settled by a common court having jurisdiction over the seat of the Operator.
Any questions regarding the terms of service shall be sent to the Carribex LTD.
Address: New Horizon Building, Ground Floor, 3 1/2 Miles Philip S.W.
Goldson Highway, Belize City.

