
         Skip to main content Help Center Header navigation 
 General 
 Business 
 Header navigation - actions 
 Search 
 Header navigation - anonymous 
 Log in 
 Pinterest home 
 Open menu 
 General 
 Account access and safety 
 Trouble with Pinterest 
 Legal &amp.
Privacy 
 Manage your account 
 Pins and boards 


 Business 


 Account access and safety 
 Trouble with Pinterest 
 Legal &amp.
Privacy 
 Manage your account 
 Pins and boards 


 Personalization and data We want to provide you with the most interesting content when you use Pinterest.
Sometimes we use information from Pinterest site features like the Save button to do this.
Our advertising partners may also give us information about your off-Pinterest activity to give you better personalized ads.
You can choose whether we use the information to customize Pinterest for you by going to your account settings.
Save button and site features
If you go to a site that has the Save button or a Pinterest widget, Pinterest can use info about that visit to personalize your experience back on Pinterest, to measure ad effectiveness, and for other purposes described in our cookie policy.
Turn off personalization
If you don’t want Pinterest using stuff you do off Pinterest to personalize your experience, here are some things you can do:

Go to your account privacy settings and turn off Personalization
Change your browser’s Do Not Track feature to keep Pinterest and other sites from using this info for personalization
 Other articles Skip Other articles Links 

Legal

Combating online child exploitation
Copyright
ISA
 See more 
Law enforcement guidelines
Platform to Business regulation
Terms of Service that apply to federal agencies using Pinterest
Transparency Report
Transparency report archive



Privacy

Access, edit or delete personal data
Ads performance reporting on Pinterest
Block or unblock someone
 See more 
Brand surveys
Data sharing on Pinterest
Do Not Track
Edit account privacy
Grant Android permissions
iOS location permissions
Other technologies like cookies
Personalization and data
Personalized ads on Pinterest
Pinterest and P3P
Pinterest marketing off of Pinterest
Third-party analytics or advertising providers
Third-party cookies


 End of Other articles Links Still need help? Contact us User feedback Was this article helpful? happy sad collection_fields How can we make this article better? Additional Response Leave this field blank 

Pinterest is using cookies to help give you the best experience we can. Got it! 
 Skip Footer Menu Select language English (US) Bahasa Indonesia Čeština Dansk Deutsch English (UK) Español Français Italiano Magyar Nederlands Norsk bokmål Polski Português (Brasil) Português (Europeu) Română Slovenčina Suomi Svenska Filipino Tiếng Việt Türkçe Ελληνικά Русский Ukrainian ภาษาไทย 简体中文 繁體中文 한국어 日本語 About us 
 Impressum 
 What's Pinterest 
 Our Pinterest page 
 Engineering blog 
 Brand guidelines 
 Careers 
 Help Center 
 Pinterest Labs 
 Our policies 
 Copyright &amp.

 trademark 


 Personalized ads 
 Terms of service 
 Privacy &amp.

 cookies 


 More info 
 For businesses 
 For developers 
 For press 
 For investors 
 End of Footer © Pinterest 2020




