

 About Us 
Know Us
Manufacturing
Customer Service
Distribution


 Global Locations 

USA - English


Canada - English


Canada - Français


Mexico - Español


Europe - English


Europe - Español


Europe - Français


Europe - Italiano


China - 简体中文


Asia Pacific


Australia


Export





 Our Brands 
Industrial Brands
Specialty Brands
Retail Brands


 Channels We Serve 
Industrial
Specialty
Retail
Export


 Legal Cookie Declaration  This website uses cookies.
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic.
We also share information about your use of our site with our social media and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you've provided to them or that they've collected from your use of their services.
You consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website.

 Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site.
For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies.
Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.

 Your consent applies to the following domains: *.pipglobal.com  Category: Necessary (4)  Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website.
The website cannot function properly without these cookies.


 Cookie Provider Purpose Type Expiry __cfduid lightwidget.com Used by the content network, Cloud flare, to identify trusted web traffic.
HTTP 1 Year PHPSESSID pipglobal.com Preserves user session state across page requests.
HTTP Session citrix_ns_id pipglobal.com Used to identify trusted web traffic.
HTTP Session citrix_ns_id_.pipglobal.com_%2F_wat pipglobal.com Used to identify trusted web traffic.
HTTP Session 
 Category: Statistics (4)  Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.


 Cookie Provider Purpose Type Expiry _ga pipglobal.com Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
HTTP 2 Years _gat pipglobal.com Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate.
HTTP 1 Day _gid pipglobal.com Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
HTTP 1 Day p.gif typekit.net Keeps track of special fonts used on the website for internal analysis.
The cookie does not register any visitor data.
Pixel Session 
 Category: Marketing (18)  Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites.
The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.


 Cookie Provider Purpose Type Expiry _fbp pipglobal.com Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
HTTP 1 Day ads/ga-audiences google.com Used by Google Ad Words to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites.
Pixel Session fr facebook.com Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
HTTP 90 Days GPS youtube.com Registers a unique ID on mobile devices to enable tracking based on geographical GPS location.
HTTP 1 Day IDE doubleclick.net Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user.
HTTP 1 Year PREF youtube.com Registers a unique ID that is used by Google to keep statistics of how the visitor uses YouTube videos across different websites.
HTTP 243 Days test_cookie doubleclick.net Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
HTTP 1 Day tr facebook.com Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
Pixel Session VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE youtube.com Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos.
HTTP 180 Days YSC youtube.com Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
HTTP Session yt.innertube::nextId youtube.com Unclassified HTML Persistent yt.innertube::requests youtube.com Unclassified HTML Persistent yt-remote-cast-installed youtube.com Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video.
HTML Session yt-remote-connected-devices youtube.com Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video.
HTML Persistent yt-remote-device-id youtube.com Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video.
HTML Persistent yt-remote-fast-check-period youtube.com Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video.
HTML Persistent yt-remote-session-app youtube.com Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video.
HTML Persistent yt-remote-session-name youtube.com Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video.
HTML Persistent 

MORE STATEMENTS PIP® Privacy Policy PIP® cares about your privacy and has outlined the following privacy policy related to using our website.
 READ MORE PIP® Brand Trademarks and Registrations Statement This document outlines current trademarks and registrations as well as pending trademarks and registrations of Protective Industrial Products, Inc.® and our partners.
 READ MORE PIP® Product Warranty Statement All trademarks, service marks and trade names are trademarks or registered trademarks of and are proprietary to, Protective Industrial Products, Inc.® (PIP®) and its subsidiaries, or other respective owners that have granted PIP® the right and license to use such trademarks.

 READ MORE Cookie Declaration This website uses cookies.
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic.
We also share information about your use of our site with our social media and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you've provided to them or that they've collected from your use of their services.
You consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website.
 READ MORE 


Global Headquarters
 968 Albany Shaker Road Latham, NY 12110 

News 
Legal
Global Locations
Sustainability
Contact
Careers 


 TOP 
      