
         Pixel8.earth Privacy Policy Thank you for visiting Pixel8Earth, LLC’s (“Pixel8Earth”) Internet web site (the “Site”) located at the URL: https://pixel8.earth and associated mobile application.
This Privacy Policy details certain policies implemented throughout Pixel8Earth governing Pixel8Earth’s use of personally identifiable information collected from users of the Site and Pixel8Earth’s general operations.

Although we operate internationally, our computer systems are currently based in the United States, so your personal data will be processed by us in the U.S.
where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world, such as the European Union.
If you create a user account with the Site as a visitor from outside the United States, by using the Site you agree to this Privacy Policy and you consent to the transfer of all such information to the United States, which may not offer an equivalent level of protection of that required in the European Union or certain other countries, and to the processing of that information as described in this Privacy Policy.

You will have the ability to post content to either public or non-public areas of the Site.
If you post content to a public area of the Site, such content will be disclosed and accessible to all other users of the Site.
If you post content to a non-public-area of the Site, such content will be disclosed and accessible only to those other users of the Site who you designate under your account.
This Privacy Policy does not restrict the further use of any personally identifiable information that is included with or in the content you publicly post or otherwise make available to the public via the Site.
You acknowledge that your Pixel8.earth screen name (if applicable) may be displayed when you post content on the Site.
Any content that you submit to the Site may be widely redistributed through the Internet and other media channels as described in the Pixel8.earth Terms of Use, which is available at https://www.pixel8.earth/terms-of-use.html.
 Privacy Policy Updates Due to the Internet’s rapidly evolving nature, Pixel8Earth may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time.
If so, Pixel8Earth will post its updated Privacy Policy on www.Pixel8.earth.com and will use reasonable efforts to include a link to the most current Privacy Policy in any emails that Pixel8Earth sends to you so you are always aware of what personally identifiable information we may collect and how we may use this information.
Pixel8Earth encourages you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
Your continued use of the Site and/or continued provision of personally identifiable information to us will be subject to the terms of the then-current Privacy Policy.
 Information Collection and Use You can generally visit the Site without revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself.
We may, however, collect non-personally identifiable information such as browser type, language preference, referring site and date and time of each visit to the Site to better understand how visitors use the Site.
Pixel8Earth may, from time to time, release such non-personally identifiable information in the aggregate by publishing a report on trends in the usage of the Site.

In certain sections of the Site and when you provide data to our servers or conduct transactions through our Pixel8.earth services, we may ask you to complete a registration form and invite you to ask us questions, provide us with feedback or request information.
Due to the nature of some of these activities, we may collect personally identifiable information such as your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, password and username that you voluntarily transmit with your communication to us.
In addition, we may transparently collect your Internet protocol (IP) address without your active disclosure.
We also may collect the foregoing personally identifiable information about you from the log-in process.
registration forms.
web site usage.
cookies, web bugs or clear gifs.
product or service usage.
chat or message boards.
and communications initiated by us or our users via e-mail, phone or postal mail.
We may use your personally identifiable information to deliver requested goods, services or information.
provide notices regarding the services.
provide notices regarding goods or services you might want to purchase in the future and to improve the content and general administration of this Site and our services.
We may combine personally and non-personally identifiable information to enable us to attribute usage of the Pixel8.earth services to a particular computer or network for internal business purposes only.
Pixel8Earth will not share such correlated information with third parties without your permission.
You can refuse to supply personally identifiable information, however, such refusal may prevent you from engaging in certain activities on the Site.
 Communications If you are a registered member of the Site and have supplied your e-mail address, we may occasionally send you an e-mail describing new goods or services or solicit your feedback.
If you do not wish to receive such e-mails, please follow the instructions included in each e-mail.
 Children's Privacy Pixel8Earth recognizes the privacy interests of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities and interests.
No personally identifiable information is collected by Pixel8Earth from children under the age of 13 and the Site are not intended for children under the age of 13.
Pixel8Earth does not target its services or the Site to children under 13.
Pixel8Earth does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.
 Cookies We may use small text files called cookies to improve overall experience of the Site.
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user.
Cookies generally do not permit us to personally identify you. Aggregate Information The Site may track the total number of visitors to the Site, the number of visitors to each page of the Site, IP addresses and External Web Sites (defined below) linked to, and we may analyze this data for trends and statistics in the aggregate.
Such information will be maintained, used and disclosed in aggregate form only and may contain personally identifiable information.
We may use such aggregate information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users’ movement and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
We may display such aggregate information publicly or provide it to third parties.
 Disclosure We may provide your personally identifiable information and the data generated by cookies and the aggregate information to the vendors, third party service agencies and affiliated organizations that we may engage to assist us.
For example, we may provide your personally identifiable information to the hosting company who assists us in operating the Site or to a third party service provider to provide other services for us in regard to the operation of the Site.
Such vendors, third party service agencies and affiliated organizations shall be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
We will not sell your personally identifiable information to any third parties except we may transfer your personally identifiable information to a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation or other corporate reorganization in which Pixel8Earth participates or to a purchaser of all or substantially all of Pixel8Earth’s assets to which this Site relates.
We will disclose your personally identifiable information if we reasonably believe we are required to do so by law, regulation or other government authority or to prevent harm to Pixel8Earth, third parties or the public at large.
Additionally, we may disclose your personally identifiable information, in our sole discretion, to law enforcement agencies to assist in any investigation.
 Links to Third Party Sites This Site may provide links to other Web sites or resources over which Pixel8Earth does not have control (“External Web Sites”).
Such links do not constitute an endorsement by Pixel8Earth of those External Web Sites.
You acknowledge that Pixel8Earth is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and further agree that Pixel8Earth is not responsible for the content of such External Web Sites.
Your use of External Web Sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies located on the linked to External Web Sites.
 Security We may employ procedural and technological measures, consistent with industry practice, to help protect your personally identifiable information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction.
Pixel8Earth may use password protection and place internal restrictions on who in the company may access your data to help prevent unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information.
 Correction/Deletion/Updating Personally Identifiable Information Pixel8Earth provides you with the ability to review, correct and delete certain of the personally identifiable information that you have provided to us.
provided, however, that Pixel8Earth will retain a copy in its files of all personally identifiable information, even if removed, in order to resolve disputes or enforce its terms of use.
If you wish to review, correct or request the deletion of any information you have provided to us, contact us: 

By e-mail: privacy@pixel8.earth

By mail: 169 Roosevelt Ave.
Louisville, CO 80027

By phone: 202-321-3914.
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy please contact us via e-mail at the address set forth above.
This Privacy Policy was last updated: September 24th 2019
This Privacy Policy is effective as of: September 24th 2019
PA\10488936.2 312243-20
