
         🇬🇧 The Planio web site is also available in English.
Do you prefer to read it in English? Yes, please switch to English! ✕ 🇩🇪 Die Planio-Webseite gibt es auch auf Deutsch.
Möchten Sie lieber auf Deutsch weiterlesen? Ja, bitte zu Deutsch wechseln! ✕ 🇯🇵 Planioのwebサイトは日本語にも対応しています。日本語での表示がお好みですか? 日本語に切り替え! ✕ Planio + 
Features
Pricing &amp.
Sign Up
Security
About us
Support
Login

No 1 in Redmine Hosting REDMINE 
 Sign up for free trial!  In 1 minute.
No credit card required.


 Company Sharing the story behind Planio.

 Team The few, the proud, the Planio team!

 Press Contact and media information for bloggers and press.

 In the Cloud Why the cloud is a great idea for you, too.

 Free Data Migration Making your move to Planio seamless.

 Redmine &amp.
Open Source Why we love Open Source and Redmine.

 Blog News, updates, and information about Planio.



 ^ 
 Free Data Migration Redmine, Planio, and Open Source Learn about our dedication to the Open Source community and how our relationship with Redmine enables us to bring you the Planio web app. Try it out and see for yourself! The Planio project management platform is a robust web app that reflects a unique combination of traditional Open Source development with our dedicated in-house development approach.
The end result is a stable and secure product that addresses the project needs of organizations while promoting the underlying philosophies of the Open Source movement. Planio and Redmine Planio is based on Redmine, an open source Ruby on Rails-based software project.
Planio is close to Redmine in terms of its core coding, though Planio has several enhancements.
We use a state-of-the-art version of Redmine that has been fully tested by our team.
In fact, though we update our version regularly, we are not on the cutting edge because we give time for Redmine versions to become stable.
The end result is that our customers can access an app that is stable and fully tested. Open Source Means Freedom We are a big supporter of the Open Source philosophy and believe that sharing information for the sake of learning not only benefits the individual, but the IT community as a whole.
We also extend this to Planio: We will import your existing data for free.
And should you ever cancel Planio, you can always export your data so that you can work with Redmine on your own server without being dependent on us.
While we would be sorry to see you go, we realize that freedom of information is ultimately the standard by which the Open Source philosophy adheres. Sign up today for the 30-day trial for free and without risk » Open Source Means Security The use of Open Source principles in software development has resulted in a significant advancement in system security.
Openly accessible code means that any developer can access, and improve, coding data.
From a security standpoint, this means that bugs and vulnerabilities are discovered much faster compared to a proprietary environment.
The increased speed of development (and thousands of trained professionals examining code) results in software that is security hardened vs real-world risks. Back to top Planio and Open Source As proponents of the Open Source philosophy, we make every attempt to give back to the community.
In addition to our refinement of Redmine coding via testing, we contribute by maintaining Planio-friendly plugins, releasing parts of our own code, submitting patches, and serving as volunteers on Redmine’s security team.
We are dedicated to the benefits that Open Source can bring to the IT community as a whole and are likewise committed to developing a product that always meets your expectations. › Get a free Planio account for 30 days No credit card required.
Sign up only takes 60 seconds. No installation No setup fees Working With Planio See How Our Customers Use Planio Our recommendation For project managers.For teams.For start-ups. Our promise No installation.No set-up costs.No long-term commitments. Your protection Highly secure firewalls.SSL encryption.Daily backups.
 Give us a call! We’d love to tell you more.

+1 (212) 498-9577

or +49 (30) 577 00 00-0 from Europe
 Features 
 Task Management &amp.
Workflows 
 Agile Project Management 
 Traditional Project Management 
 Knowledge Management &amp.
Wiki 
 Communication 
 Repository Hosting 
 Time Tracking 
 File Storage 
 Help Desk 
 Team Chat 
 Search 
 Email Inbox 
 Customizing &amp.
Flexibility 
 Roles &amp.
Permissions 
 Security 
 Data center safety 
 A Secure System 
 Email Encryption 
 GDPR &amp.
Data Protection 
 Data Independence 
 Guaranteed Uptime 
 Customers 
 CNET Content Solutions 
 Software AG 
 MTV Networks North Europe 
 Chicago Symphony Orchestra 
 Albert Bauer Digital 
 sausel architekten 
 brandnooz media 
 Pidoco 
 hkk Health Insurance 
 Hardscore Games 
 Mobile &amp.
Add-ons 
 Planio for iOS 
 Planio for Android 
 GitHub 
 Bitbucket 
 Google Chrome &amp.
Apps 
 Pidoco Wireframes 
 Dropscan 
 Git Tower 
 SmartGit 
 TortoiseSVN 
 Cornerstone SVN 
 OpenID 
 Redmine To Go 
 About us 
 Company 
 Team 
 Press 
 In the Cloud 
 Free Data Migration 
 Redmine &amp.
Open Source 
 Blog 
 Support 
 Frequent questions 
 Contact 
 Get productive with Planio in 10 Minutes 
 Learn all about issues 
 Create a custom workflow for recurring tasks 
 Set up the Help Desk 
 Set up Planio Storage 
 Make Redmine Projects Public on Planio 
 Use Planio's Git repositories with Eclipse 
 Set up Agile Project Management 
 Set up Team Chat on your devices 
 Import issues from CSV files 
 Import time entries from CSV files 
 Import contact data from CSV files 
 A Product Manager's Guide to Planio 
 Using the Redmine REST API with OAuth2 at Planio 
 Store Website Chat Logs from Userlike in Planio Help Desk 
 Set Up Contact Forms with the Help Desk 

 Keep in touch by following us on Twitter, Google and on Facebook.

 A company by LAUNCH/CO 

Made in Berlin, Germany
 Planio is made with ♥ in Berlin, Germany's startup capital.

 A company by LAUNCH/CO  ©2009–2020 Planio GmbH | Redmine | Company details | Terms and conditions | Privacy policy | Affiliates | Blog | API 🇬🇧 English 🇩🇪 Deutsch 🇯🇵 日本語 
























 Powered by Userlike 



