
         Department for Education plink <div class="no-javascript-supported"&gt.
JavaScript is not enabled in your current browser.
Please enable JavaScript to use the full range of functionality in this application.
</div&gt.
Main navigation Link to home page Menu 
 Home 
 Login 
 FAQ/Contact us 




 Terms of use ﻿

Your relationship with IMC Learning Portal 
Your use of the IMC Learning Portal Website (the 'Website') and any products, software and services, including the videos and content that are provided by IMC Learning Portal on or from the Website (herein collectively designated as the 'Services') is subject to these Terms (legal agreement) between you and imc information multimedia communication AG, as the operator of IMC Learning Portal.
'IMC Learning Portal' / imc information multimedia communication AG has its principal place of business at Scheer Tower, Uni-Campus Nord, 66123 Saarbrucken, Germany.
Your legal agreement with IMC Learning Portal consists of (A) the terms and conditions contained in this document and (B) IMC Learning Portal's Privacy Policy.
The Terms constitute a legally binding agreement between you and imc information multimedia communication AG regarding the use of the Services.
It is important that you take the time to read them carefully.
The Terms apply to all users of the Website, including those users who contribute video content, information and other materials or Services to IMC Learning Portal.


Accepting the Terms 
In order to use the Services, you must agree to the Terms.
You may not use the Services if you do not accept the Terms.
You can accept the Terms by simply using the Services.
You acknowledge and agree that IMC Learning Portal will treat your use of the Services from this point on as an acceptance of the Terms.
You are not allowed to use the Services nor accept the Terms under the following conditions: if (a) you have not yet reached the legally required age to form a binding contract with IMC Learning Portal.
or (b) under the law of the country in which you reside or from which you access or use the Services, you are excluded or otherwise prohibited by law from receiving or using the Services.
You should print the Terms for your records or save them locally.


Language of the Terms 
As far as IMC Learning Portal presents to you a translation of the German language version of the Terms, this is merely for your convenience.
Regarding your relationship with IMC Learning Portal, the German language version always prevails.
If discrepancies or contradictions between the German language version and a translated version exist, then the German language version always prevails.


Changes to the Terms 
IMC Learning Portal may change the Terms from time to time.
If such changes are effected, IMC Learning Portal will make available a new copy of the Terms at: http://www.IMC Learning Portal.de
You acknowledge and agree that if you continue to use the Services after the date on which the Terms have changed, then IMC Learning Portal will treat your use as acceptance of the amended Terms.
You should check the Terms regularly for changes.


IMC Learning Portal user accounts 
In order to access some features of the Website or other Services, you need to create an account with IMC Learning Portal.
When you set up your account, you must provide accurate and complete information.
It is important that you keep the password to your IMC Learning Portal User account secure and confidential.
You must inform IMC Learning Portal immediately of any infringement of security precautions that you become aware of or any unauthorised use of your IMC Learning Portal user account.
You agree that you are solely responsible (both vis-à-vis IMC Learning Portal as well as vis-à-vis others) for all activities that occur under your IMC Learning Portal account.


General restrictions on use 
IMC Learning Portal hereby grants you, subject to the following express Terms, permission to access the Website and the Services and to use them.
Further, you agree that any deviation from any of these Terms constitutes a breach of this agreement on your part: 
You agree not to distribute any part of the Website or entire web pages themselves, by any means, without the prior written authorisation of IMC Learning Portal.
This also applies - but not exclusively - to any User Submissions (as defined below);
You agree not to alter or modify any portion of the Website or any of the Services (including - but not limited to - the IMC Learning Portal Player and its related technologies);
You agree to only access User Submissions (as defined below) or any other content made available on the Website (including IMC Learning Portal Content as defined below) using such technology or other means that are expressly designated by IMC Learning Portal for this purpose;
You agree not to bypass (or attempt to bypass), eliminate or impair in any way any security-related features of the Website whereby (i) the use or reproduction of User Submissions or IMC Learning Portal Content would be impaired or restricted or (ii) the usability of the Website or Content accessible via the Website would be limited;
You agree not to use the Website or any Services (including the IMC Learning Portal Player) for any commercial purpose, unless with the prior written authorisation of IMC Learning Portal.
Prohibited commercial uses include - but are not limited to: 
disclosure of access data for the Website or any of the Services (such as the IMC Learning Portal Player) on another Website for the primary purpose of generating advertising or subscription income.
and
redistribution of the Services (including any User Submissions accessible via such Services) for the primary purpose of generating income in business ventures that are significantly similar or comparable to IMC Learning Portal.
however, the aforementioned provision does not cover (i) uploading a document or content to IMC Learning Portal and (ii) any use that IMC Learning Portal expressly gives you permission which is in writing and signed;
you agree not to use any automated system (including - but not limited to - any robot, spider or offline reader) to access the Website in a way that sends more requests to the IMC Learning Portal server within a certain period than a person within the same period could reasonably send using a publicly available, non-modified standard web browser;
you agree not to collect or skim off any personal data of any user of the Website or any of the Services ('harvesting') (in this context, the term 'personal data' is also understood to mean the names of user accounts with IMC Learning Portal);
you agree not to use the Website and the Services (including the comments and email features of the Website) for the creation of business opportunities related to trade or a commercial enterprise;
you agree not to make contact with any user of the Website on account of that user's User Submissions for a commercial purpose.
and
you agree not to access user videos and user content for any purpose other than purely personal, non-commercial use, and only in the context which is specified and permitted by the normal features offered by the Services.




When using the Services, you agree to comply with all other provisions of the Terms and the IMC Learning Portal Community guidelines at all times.
If necessary, IMC Learning Portal permits the operators of public search engines to use spiders in order to copy material from the site.
however, this is only permitted for the purpose of creating publicly accessible and searchable lists of materials, but not for the creation of caches or archives of such materials.
IMC Learning Portal reserves the right to revoke this permission either generally or in specific cases.
IMC Learning Portal is constantly innovating in order to provide its users with the best possible experience.
You acknowledge and agree that the form and nature of the Services provided by IMC Learning Portal may change from time to time, without prior notification being given to you.
You acknowledge and agree that as part of this constant renewal, IMC Learning Portal may in its sole discretion (temporarily or permanently) cease providing you or users in general with the Services (or any features within the Services), without giving you prior notification.
You are entitled to cease using the Services at any time.
You are not obliged to specifically notify IMC Learning Portal when you cease to use the Services.
You agree that you are solely responsible for (and that IMC Learning Portal is not responsible vis-à-vis you or any third party) in connection with and for the consequences of any breach of your obligations under these Terms (including any loss or damage thereby suffered by IMC Learning Portal).


Your User Submissions 
As the owner of a user account on IMC Learning Portal you can create your own documents and text comments notes (jointly referred to as: 'User Submissions'.
You acknowledge that IMC Learning Portal, regardless of whether such User Submissions are published, does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any User Submissions.
You retain all ownership rights in your User Submissions.
Notwithstanding the above, it is necessary that you give IMC Learning Portal and other users of the Website restricted rights of use.
These are described in more detail in Section 9 of these Terms (‘The rights that you grant’).
You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for your User Submissions and the consequences of your postings or your publication.
IMC Learning Portal does not accept or confirm any USER SUBMISSION, or any opinion, recommendation or advice contained therein, and IMC Learning Portal expressly excludes all liability in connection with User Submissions.
You represent and warrant that you have all the necessary licences, rights, consents and permissions (and will have for the entire period of your use of the Services) that are required to ensure that IMC Learning Portal can use your User Submission for the purpose of providing Services via IMC Learning Portal and can use your User Submissions elsewhere in the manner stipulated on the Website and in these Terms.


Content of your User Submissions 
You agree that your conduct in the use of the Website (and the content of all of your User Submissions) complies with IMC Learning Portal's guidelines.
You agree that you shall not post or upload any User Submission the possession of which by you is illegal in the country of your residence or the use or possession of which by IMC Learning Portal would be illegal in connection with the provision of Services.
You agree that you shall not post or upload any User Submissions that are subject to third-party property rights (including confidentiality or privacy rights), unless you hold a formal licence or have permission from the rightful owner, whereby pursuant to section 9.1 below, IMC Learning Portal is permitted to post the material in question and is granted a licence.
IMC Learning Portal reserves the right (but shall not be obliged) to decide whether User Submissions comply with the content requirements, as laid down in these Terms.
IMC Learning Portal may at any time remove without prior notice and at its sole discretion such User Submissions that breach these Terms and / or block a user's access right that is required for uploading user content.
You acknowledge and agree that during use of the Website and the Services you may be exposed to User Submissions that are on a factual basis are inaccurate, offensive or indecent or otherwise perceived by you as disturbing.
You agree and hereby waive any and all rights and remedies vis-à-vis IMC Learning Portal that you are entitled to with respect to such User Submissions.


The rights that you grant 
By uploading or posting User Submissions for IMC Learning Portal you grant 
IMC Learning Portal and imc information multimedia communication AG, a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free licence (with the right to sublicense) for the use, reproduction, distribution, preparation of derivative works, exhibition and performance of User Submissions in connection with the provision of the Services and otherwise in connection with the provision of the Website and IMC Learning Portal's transactions, including, but not limited to the advertising and redistribution of the whole or parts of the Website (and derivative works based thereon) regardless of the media format and regardless of the distribution channels;
any user of the Website a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free licence for access to your User Submissions via the Website, as well as for the use, reproduction, distribution, preparation of derivative works, exhibition and performance of such User Submissions to the extent allowed by the features of the Website and permitted under these Terms.


The above licences regarding User Submissions granted by you expire as soon as you remove your User Submissions from the Website.
However, User Comments are perpetual and irrevocable, but do not affect your designated property rights described in Section 7.2 above.


IMC Learning Portal Content on the Website 
With the exception of User Submissions, all Content available on the Website, including but not limited to text, software, scripts, graphics, photos, sounds, music and interactive elements on the site (the 'IMC Learning Portal Content') are owned by IMC Learning Portal or are licensed to IMC Learning Portal, and are the subject of copyright, trademark and other intellectual property rights of IMC Learning Portal or IMC Learning Portal's licensors.
Any one trade or service marks connected to the IMC Learning Portal Content are attributable to their respective owners.
For any other purposes in any form whatsoever IMC Learning Portal Content may not be downloaded, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited, unless with the prior written consent of IMC Learning Portal or IMC Learning Portal's licensors.
IMC Learning Portal reserves all rights not expressly granted to and with respect to IMC Learning Portal Content.


IMC Learning Portal links 
The Services may include hyperlinks to other websites that are not owned by IMC Learning Portal or controlled by IMC Learning Portal.
IMC Learning Portal has no control over and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or activities of any external websites.
You acknowledge and agree that IMC Learning Portal is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not accept or affirm any advertising, products or other materials provided by or available via such websites.
You acknowledge and agree that IMC Learning Portal is not responsible for any loss or damage which you suffer as a result of the availability of such external sites or sources, or as a result of your confidence in the completeness, accuracy or the existence of any advertising, products or other materials provided by or available via such websites.
IMC Learning Portal encourages you to be vigilant when leaving the Website of IMC Learning Portal and to peruse the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy of any other website that you visit.


Ending your relationship with IMC Learning Portal 
These Terms remain in effect until terminated by either you or IMC Learning Portal in accordance with the following.
If you want to terminate your legal agreement with IMC Learning Portal, you can do this by (a) providing notification to IMC Learning Portal at any time and (b) closing your user account with IMC Learning Portal.
Your notification must be sent in writing to the address of IMC Learning Portal mentioned at the outset of these Terms and be signed.
IMC Learning Portal may terminate its legal agreement with you at any time, provided that: 
you have breached any provision of the Terms (or have acted in a manner that clearly shows that you are not willing or able to comply with the provisions of the Terms),
IMC Learning Portal is legally obliged to terminate its legal agreement (e.g.
if the provision of Services to you is or will be illegal).
or
IMC Learning Portal ceases to provide the Services to users in the country in which you are resident or from which you use the Services.
or
the provision of the Services to you by IMC Learning Portal is - in the opinion of IMC Learning Portal - no longer profitable.


Expiry of these Terms will be without prejudice to any rights, obligations or liability which benefited or governed either you or IMC Learning Portal (or which accrued during the period of validity of the Terms), or whose indefinite continuance has been arranged.
The provisions laid down in Section 15.6 apply perpetually to such rights, obligations and liability.


Disclaimer of warranties 
These Terms do not affect any statutory rights which are due to all consumers that cannot be contractually changed or cancelled.
The Services are provided on an 'as is' basis and IMC Learning Portal provides no warranty or guarantee in this regard.
In particular, IMC Learning Portal does not guarantee or warrant that: 
your use of the Services will meet your expectations,
your use of the Services will be uninterrupted, timely, secure and free of errors,
any information that you receive as a result of the use of the Services is accurate or reliable, and
that errors in the operation or functionality of any software that you receive as part of the Services will be corrected.


Other conditions, warranties or other terms (including any implied terms as to satisfactory quality or compliance with description) are not applicable to the Services or only to the extent expressly designated by the Terms.


Limitation of liability 
These Terms do not exclude or limit the liability of IMC Learning Portal if such liability cannot be lawfully excluded or limited under the applicable law.
Notwithstanding the general stipulation laid down in Section 14.1 above, IMC Learning Portal is not liable for: 
any indirect or consequential damage that you suffer.
This includes any loss of profits (whether directly or indirectly), any loss of goodwill or business reputation, and any loss of data suffered by you.
any loss or damage that you suffer as a result of: 
any trust you have placed in the completeness, accuracy or existence of any advertising, or as a result of any relationship or transaction between you and any advertiser or sponsor whose advertising appears in the Services;
any changes made by IMC Learning Portal to the Services, or any permanent or temporary cessation in the provision of the Services (or any features within the Services);
deletion, damage or storage errors related to User Submissions and other communication data that are received or transmitted during your use of the Services or via the Services;
your failure to provide IMC Learning Portal with appropriate information concerning the user account;
your failure to keep your password or details about your IMC Learning Portal user account secure and confidential.




The limitations of IMC Learning Portal's liability vis-à-vis you, as specified under Section 14.2 above shall apply regardless of whether IMC Learning Portal has been advised of or was aware of the possibility of such losses.


General Terms 
These Terms constitute the whole legal agreement between you and IMC Learning Portal, govern your use of the Services and completely replace any prior agreement between you and IMC Learning Portal regarding the Services.
Notifications regarding your contractual relationship with IMC Learning Portal and your use of the Services, including notifications about changes to these Terms, shall be sent by IMC Learning Portal to you by e-mail, regular mail or postings on the Website of IMC Learning Portal.
You agree that failure to exercise or enforce any rights or remedies which are given under the Terms (or which are available to IMC Learning Portal under any applicable law) does not constitute a formal waiver of IMC Learning Portal's rights and that these rights or remedies are still available to IMC Learning Portal.
If any court of competent jurisdiction decides that any provision of these Terms is invalid, that provision shall be excluded from the Terms, whereby the validity of the remaining Terms shall remain unaffected.
The remaining provisions of the Terms shall remain valid and applicable in this case.
You acknowledge and agree that each member of the group of companies belonging to IMC Learning Portal is a third party beneficiary to the Terms and that these other companies are entitled to rely on and immediately enforce any provision laid down in these Terms that gives you an advantage (or rights).
Apart from this, no other person and no other company are intended to be a third party beneficiary to the Terms.
These Terms and your relationship with IMC Learning Portal under these Terms are subject exclusively to the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany with the exception of those Terms which refer to the law of other countries, and with the exception of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG).
You and IMC Learning Portal agree on the exclusive jurisdiction of German courts.
you and IMC Learning Portal further agree that the courts with competence for the principal place of business of imc AG shall have territorial jurisdiction for the resolution of all disputes arising from or in connection with these Terms and the legal relationship between you and IMC Learning Portal or imc information multimedia communication AG respectively.
Notwithstanding the above, you acknowledge and agree that IMC Learning Portal and imc information multimedia communication AG may enforce any remedies (especially cease and desist orders or comparable types of injunctive relief) in any other jurisdiction and country.


 Footer navigation 
 Disclaimer 
 Privacy 
 Copyright 

