
← About

National Academy of Sciences Privacy Policy
National Academy of Sciences Terms of Use
Sitewide license for PNAS subscribers
DMCA Policy
PNAS is hosted on the Atypon publishing platform.
Use of PNAS.org is subject to Atypon terms of use.
The PNAS submission and review website is hosted by eJournalPress.
Use of the submission site is subject to eJournalPress terms of use.


PNAS Terms of Access: “Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences” and “PNAS” are registered trademarks of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America (NAS).
PNAS and PNAS Online are both copyrighted © 2022 by the National Academy of Sciences.

Any abuse of these policies will result in the immediate and permanent cessation of access to all PNAS servers and services and will be pursued to the fullest extent permitted under all applicable laws, treaties, and conventions.


Collection and Storage of Personally Identifiable Information: PNAS collects Personally Identifiable Information ("PII") such as subscriber name, email address, telephone number, postal address, organizational affiliation, IP address, and system usage.
This PII information is collected to help us provide subscription services, monitor usage, troubleshoot, and offer renewal information.
PNAS also separately stores, names, organizational affiliation, and email addresses for the purpose of sending news and occasional important announcements to subscribers.
PII is stored indefinitely, unless removal is requested by the user.
Subscribers can opt-out by contacting PNASsubsdept@nas.edu.
Website users may opt to establish a customized account that requires the input of PII.
More information about how this data is stored and used is available at Atypon's Privacy Policy. Warranties PNAS is officially published by the NAS and, as such, is the version of record.
In no event shall the NAS be liable for any special, incidental, indirect or consequential damages of any kind, or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether or not advised of the possibility of damage, and on any theory of liability, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of this information.
This publication is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or noninfringement.
Descriptions of, or references to, products or publications does not imply endorsement of that product or publication.
PNAS.org is under development and changes may be made in these publications and programs at any time.
