
We know that you care about your personal data and how it is used.
We do too.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information. What personal data we collect and why How we disclose personal data
We do not sell or rent your personal data to marketers or unaffiliated third parties.
We only share some of your personal data with trusted entities if it's absolutely necessary, as outlined below.
When you register:

We collect email addresses for the account system.
Every account is unique due to the uniqueness of the email address, which is used to identify you as a user, log you in, notify you, connect you with your collaborators.
We collect names in order to make the interaction between you and your collaborators easier.
We collect IP addresses in order to detect the misuse of the system, combat abuse, and for logging purposes.

When you make a purchase (subscription, characters, human translations):

We collect first names, last names, addresses, cities, countries only from paying customers, for billing purposes.

When you integrate POEditor with another service:

When you connect with GitHub, BitBucket, GitLab or Azure DevOps, we collect and store your username for those services, so we can read/write language files from/to your repos.
When you connect to Slack or Microsoft Teams, we do not collect any personal data, the information only goes one way, from POEditor to your chat client.
 How long is the data processed
 The processing starts when you create an account and ends when you delete it or ask us to remove the data. Where your personal data is stored
 The majority of our users are from the EU, so all the data is stored in data centers in EU countries for optimal performance.
The only personal data that leaves the EU is the name and email we send to our payment processor, Stripe, which is located in the US.
All other third party services are located within the EU. What do we do to safeguard the data
POEditor has high standards for security and actively maintains appropriate technical and organizational measures for protection of the security, confidentiality and integrity of data. Cookies:

We set a cookie for logging you in.
There's no way to avoid that.
Cookies are essential for keeping you authenticated.
We use Google Analytics and they set a few cookies on their own.
While this service monitors your behavior, Google promises all data is anonymized.
We use UserVoice for feedback services.
That sets a cookie as well to track your movement.
We don't tell them who you are, so they shouldn't know any personal information about you, unless you have an account with them.
We sometimes use advertising systems (such as Google Ads) that can target advertisements for our services to you on other sites you visit.
To do that, they will use cookies to identify your device and direct ads for our services to you.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies.
However, if you select this setting, you won't be able to use your account.
 You have the right to:


Access and Export your data.
You can contact us at info@poeditor.com and ask for a copy of your personal data.

Update your data.
You can access your account and update any of your data.
All your personal data is viewable and editable in your account.

Delete your data ("The right to be forgotten") or Object processing.
You can achieve that by deleting your account.
We do not keep your personal information after your account is deleted.
 3rd parties with whom personal information may be shared Party name Data disclosed Purpose Observations Stripe, Inc. Compliance email, name To associate the Stripe Customer ID with a POEditor identifier for better billing tracking and fraud detection Only for users with subscriptions Amazon SES Compliance email, name We use Amazon SES for email delivery Slack Compliance email, name, IP Some events are notified in a private channel POEditor uses.
Name and email are used to identify the user.
For example, we get notified when the system detects an abuse so we can act swiftly.
Automattic Inc.
(Gravatar) Compliance email Gravatar provides an avatar based on the email of an user, if the user has a Gravatar account.
We send only an encrypted hash of your email, not the actual email.
PS: this sharing is made via a secure, encrypted connection. Personal data in localization content
We assume all the content you are managing in POEditor does not contain any personal data.
If the strings you are translating do contain personal information, make sure you redact it before loading it into POEditor.
That information is viewed by your collaborators, and it is sent to third party services for automatic or human translation if you request this, so it's not in our direct control. Changes to this policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy at any time by giving notice on this page.
It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the top.
If you object to any of the changes to this policy, you must cease using this service and can request removal of the personal data. Get in touch with us
If you have any concern about the well-being of your personal data you shared with us, please contact us at info@poeditor.com.
We'll work with you to sort things up and make sure your data is and remains safe.
