
         Terms of Service General These Terms of Service are a legal agreement ("Agreement") between PointsPrizes (the "Company") and any person ("You") who uses the Company's website or any part thereof or any of the Company's Services.
By using the Company's website or any part thereof or any of our Services you agree to be bound by these Terms.
These Terms of Service shall apply in respect to the use of any and all services provided by the Company by whatever means such service is provided.
These Terms of Service shall also apply in respect of the interpretation or legal construction of any and all content provided by the Company by whatever means such content is provided.
You also agree to comply with the terms of service of any websites or services provided by a third party which is accessed through services provided by the Company but in the case of conflict these terms shall prevail over any other terms.
The Company's failure to exercise or enforce any of the terms of agreement will not be deemed to be a waiver of such right or provision.
You agree to recognise and acknowledge that points awarded to you by the Company are not a virtual currency.
All points have no inherent value and cannot be traded on an open market.
Instead points are a unit of measurement towards a reward goal.
The Company may update stock availability of rewards at any time and at the Company's sole discretion.
The Company may permanently discontinue any reward at any time and at the Company's sole discretion. Governing Law &amp.
Jurisdiction PointsPrizes is owned and operated by a company registered in France.
This Agreement is governed by and shall be construed exclusively in accordance with the laws of France.
You agree that all disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of France and You agree that at first instance all disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of Perpignan.
You agree that all disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of Perpignan notwithstanding that You may wish to apply for any urgent or protective remedy.
You agree that prior to seeking any legal redress in any court of law You shall provide the Company with the opportunity to Informally resolve any dispute which You may have.
You agree to the Company's informal dispute resolution procedure.
You agree to allow the Company a reasonable opportunity of not less than 60 days to resolve the dispute. Legal Authority You warrant that you have the legal authority, competence and are of legal age to be bound by these terms. Account Termination Your use of or participation with services or content provided by the Company or a third party associated with the Company shall be permitted or denied or suspended at the Company's sole discretion.
The Company may in its sole discretion void any points or other rewards, achieved or inchoate which you may have earned or accumulated, in particular but not limited to, failure by You to comply fully or in part to these Terms or failing to satisfying the requirements of a points or rewards earning activity.
The Company may close any account which you may have with the Company at any time in its sole discretion or modify any such account, in particular but not limited to accounts which appear to the Company to be inactive, and shall do so without compensating you for any points or rewards earned or inchoate nor shall it compensate you for the loss of opportunity to earn points or rewards in the future. Prohibited Activity You agree that you shall not or shall not attempt to (as determined in our sole and absolute discretion):

Interfere with any website or application of the Company;
Disrupt any website of the Company or any service thereof;
Duplicate, copy, sell, reproduce or trade the Company's services for any purpose;
Resell or trade the Company's services for any purpose;
Manipulate or otherwise gain an advantage over any website of the Company or any service thereof;
Nor shall shall your use of the Company's services be fraudulent, deceptive, or unlawful.

You agree to use the Company's website and services only in the utmost good faith and honesty and you accept that the Company may determine in our sole discretion that You have not done so.
In consequence of such determination the Company may terminate or suspend your account without prior notice to You.
The Company may, in its absolute discretion, issue You with a warning regarding the violation but is not bound to do so.
The following are provided as examples of the use of the Company's website and services in bad faith:

Accessing any of our services other than through any interface provided by the Company;
Use of any false identity or multiple identities;
Engaging in any illegal or unauthorised activity including, but not limited to, hacking;
Attempting to exploit any cheats or hacks for our services;
Making use of automatic software or cheating software, such as but not limited to, web crawlers and macro programs;
Only only one Account per person is permitted.
You must not create multiple Accounts or use anything other than your real identity and provide anything other than accurate contact or other information;
Sharing a single Account with any person other than the registered Account holder;
Communicating with our customer support representatives in anything less than in a respectful and appropriate manner;
The making of false reports to the Company;
The making of frivolous reports to the Company;
Defame, libel or act in a offensive or objectionable manner;
Usage of our service or another's service in a manner that does not constitute normal (as the Company may determine in our sole discretion) usage by a human individual, such as conducting multiply digitally assisted actions;
Obtaining account information, passwords or other private information from other persons;
Posting spam;
Posting personal referral links in an inappropriate manner whether on the Company's website or on any other website;
Assisting other members with a view to qualifying for surveys;
Violating the intellectual property or other rights of any party.
 Tax Liability You are responsible for any and all tax liability arising from Your receiving points or other rewards from the Company.
The responsibility for reporting of tax liability which you may incur by receiving points or other rewards from the Company is Yours. Endorsements You, and not the Company, are solely responsible for any endorsements or testimonials you make regarding any product or service made on or through a third party website or services which is accessed through a website or services provided by the Company.
You agree that You will comply with the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) Guidelines Concerning the Use of Testimonials and Endorsements in Advertising. Severability If any provision of this agreement is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, You and the Company nevertheless agree that the terms of this agreement shall be deemed severable, and the other terms of these agreement remain in full force and effect. Successors These terms are binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of successors, administrators, heirs, personal representatives and permitted assigns of the company. Changes We reserve the right to make changes to these Terms from time to time in our sole discretion. Disclaimer You agree that your use of the Company's Website any any services provided by the Company shall be at your own risk.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Company, employees and agents, disclaim any and all guarantees, warranties and representations, express or implied, including implied guarantees or warranties of title, of merchantability or of quality, fitness for any particular purpose or non-infringement, accuracy, usefulness, or timeliness.
Such disclaimer shall apply in relation to Your use of any website or services provided by the Company or those provided by a third party website or services which is accessed through a website or services provided by the Company.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Company assumes no liability for any unauthorised access or use of our secure servers or any and all personal or financial information stored therein.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Company assumes no liability for any errors, mistakes, nor inaccuracies of content resulting from Your use of any website or services provided by the Company or those provided by a third party website or services which is accessed through a website or services provided by the Company.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Company assumes no liability for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any content made available by any website or services provided by the Company or those provided by a third party website or services which is accessed through a website or services provided by the Company including tax liability which may be imposed upon You by any tax authority.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Company assumes no liability for personal injury or death or damage to property, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from Your use of any website or services provided by the Company or those provided by a third party website or services which is accessed through a website or services provided by the Company.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Company assumes no liability for interruption or cessation of its website or of any of its services or of transmissions to or from any website or services provided by the Company or those provided by a third party website or services which is accessed through a website or services provided by the Company.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Company assumes no liability for viruses or the like which may be transmitted by or through any website or services provided by the Company or those provided by a third party website or services which is accessed through a website or services provided by the Company. Don't miss out on free gift codes! Start I agree to the privacy policy, and to receive email.

      