
        We value your privacyWe and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised ads and content, ad and content measurement, and audience insights, as well as to develop and improve products.
With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning.
You may click to consent to our and our partners’ processing as described above.
Alternatively you may access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting or to refuse consenting.
Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing.
Your preferences will apply to this website only.
You can change your preferences at any time by returning to this site or visit our privacy policy.
MORE OPTIONSAGREE TERMS OF USEVersion 17 December 2018
Click here for the terms of use for the EEA.
Welcome to the web site operated by Poki B.V.
(the "Company"), accessible at https://poki.com.
"Site" means web sites of the Company and its affiliates, including any web sites on which these terms and conditions of use are posted.
The "Site" may include access to virtual environments, games and other content, as well as downloadable software or applications for use on personal computers, tablets, mobile devices or phones.
All users of the Site are subject to the following terms and conditions of use (these "Terms of Use").
Please read these Terms of Use carefully before accessing or using any part of this Site.
 By accessing or using this Site, you agree that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use, as amended from time to time, as well as the Company Privacy Policy, which is hereby incorporated into these Terms of Use.
If you do not wish to agree to these Terms of Use, do not access or use any part of this Site.
The Company may revise and update these Terms of Use at any time without notice by posting the amended terms to this Site.
Your continued use of the Site means that you accept and agree to the revised Terms of Use.
If you disagree with the Terms of Use (as amended from time to time) or are dissatisfied with this Site, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using this Site.
It is your responsibility to regularly check the Site to determine if there have been changes to these Terms of Use and to review such changes.USE OF THE SITEYou agree to use the Site only for lawful purposes:(a) Specifically you agree not to do any of the following: (1) upload to or transmit on the Site any defamatory, indecent, obscene, harassing, violent or otherwise objectionable material, or any material that is, or may be, protected by copyright, without permission from the copyright owner.
(2) use the Site to violate the legal rights (including the rights of publicity and privacy) of others or to violate the laws of any jurisdiction.
(3) intercept or attempt to intercept electronic mail not intended for you.
(4) misrepresent an affiliation with any person or organization.
(5) upload to or transmit on the Site any advertisements or solicitations of business.
(6) restrict or inhibit use of the Site by others.
(7) upload or otherwise transmit files that contain a virus or corrupted data.
(8) collect information about others (including e-mail addresses) without their consent.
(9) download a file or software or include in a message any software, files or links that you know, or have reason to believe, cannot be distributed legally over the Site or that you have a contractual obligation to keep confidential (notwithstanding its availability on the Site).
(10) post "spam," transmit chain letters or engage in other similar activities.
(11) solicit, provide or exchange any personal information, including but not limited to user names or passwords.
(12) "stalk," "phish," abuse or harass another user, or attempt to do any of the foregoing.
or (13) engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone's use or enjoyment of the Site, or which, as determined by the Company, may harm the Company or users of the Site or expose them to liability.
Without limiting any of the foregoing, you also agree to abide by any code of conduct and policies applicable to the Site or any service available on the Site.
(b) Any content and/or opinions uploaded, expressed or submitted to a message board, blog, chatroom or any other publicly available section of the Site (including password-protected areas), and all articles and responses to questions, other than the content provided by the Company, are solely the opinions and responsibility of the person or entity submitting them and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of the Company.
You understand and acknowledge that you are responsible for whatever content you submit, and you, not the Company, have full responsibility for such content, including its legality, reliability and appropriateness.
By uploading or otherwise transmitting material to any area of the Site, you warrant that the material is your own or is in the public domain or otherwise free of proprietary or other restrictions and that you have the right to post it to the Site.
You grant to the Company the royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual, transferable and world-wide right and license to use all content you upload or otherwise transmit to the Site in any manner the Company chooses, including, but not limited, to copying, displaying, performing or publishing it in any format or media whatsoever, modifying it, incorporating it into other material or making a derivative work based on it.
(c) Except as expressly authorized by the Company in writing, you may not reproduce, sublicense, distribute, sell or exploit for any commercial purposes (i) any part of this Site or its content, (ii) access to this Site or (iii) use of this Site or of any services or materials available through this Site, including, without limitation, by leasing access to the Site (e.g., at a cyber café), gathering and selling virtual items, codes, pre-paid game cards, or virtual currency through the Site, or otherwise.
(d) The Company reserves the right, but does not assume any responsibility, to (1) remove any material posted on the Site which the Company, in its sole discretion, deems inconsistent with the foregoing commitments (including any material that the Company has reason to believe constitutes, or for which the Company has received notice of its constituting, a copyright infringement).
(2) monitor and/or record communications between and among users on the Site.
and (3) terminate any user's access to all or part of the Site.
However, the Company can neither review all material or communication before it is posted on the Site nor ensure prompt removal of objectionable material after it has been posted.
Accordingly, the Company assumes no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications or content provided by third parties.
The Company reserves the right to take any action it deems necessary to protect the personal safety of users of this Site and the public.
however, the Company has no liability or responsibility to anyone for performance or nonperformance of the activities described in this paragraph.
(e) Your failure to comply with the provisions of (a), (b) or (c) above may result in the termination of your access to the Site and may expose you to civil and/or criminal liability.PRIVACY: PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATIONThe Company's use of your personal information and your responsibilities in connection with protecting your privacy are described in the Company Privacy Policy, which is incorporated by reference into these Terms of Use.UPLOADS TO YOUR DEVICESPlease note that if you are using downloadable applications from the Company, updates to your device's systems or firmware may render your use of the applications incompatible.
The Company does not warrant that the Site or any Company applications will be compatible with any updates to, or prior versions of, your devices.
The Company may, but is not obligated to, provide you with updates to the Site or applications that improve compatibility with updated mobile devices.DATA CHARGESTo the extent that your use of the Site or any Company application requires, or permits utilization of, wireless, cellular data, or internet access, you are independently responsible for securing the necessary data access service.
For example, with respect to your mobile devices, the provider of your data plans may charge you data access fees in connection with your use of the Site or Company applications.
You are solely responsible for all such charges payable to third parties.COPYRIGHT RESTRICTIONS/USE OF CONTENTThe entire contents of this Site (including all information, text, displays, images and audio and any software made available through or in connection with the Site) and the design, selection and arrangement thereof, are proprietary to the Company or its affiliates or licensors and are protected by United States and international laws regarding copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets and other proprietary rights.
You are authorized only to use the content on the Site for personal use related to your role as a current or prospective user of the Site.
You may not copy, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display or perform, republish, store, transmit or distribute any of the material on this site without the prior written consent of the Company, except to: (a) store copies of such materials temporarily in RAM, (b) store files that are automatically cached by your web browser for display enhancement purposes, and (c) print a reasonable number of pages of the Site.
provided in each case that you do not alter or remove any copyright or other proprietary notices included in such materials.
Neither the title nor any intellectual property rights to any information or material in this Site are transferred to you, but remain with the Company or the applicable owner of such content.
SOFTWARE AND DOWNLOADS If the Company offers downloads of, or access to, software on this Site and you download or otherwise access such software, the software (including any data or images incorporated in or generated by the software) is licensed to you.
You do not receive title to this software and you may not distribute or use the software other than for the purpose of using the applicable feature or service of the Site as offered by the Company.
You may not modify, adapt, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of such software.
Except as expressly provided, you may not create any derivative works of the software or any services available on the Site.
This license is revocable at any time without notice and with or without cause.
You agree to destroy or return to the Company all copies of the software upon revocation of your license to the software and/or termination of your access to the Site.
The software is subject to all restrictions on use, disclaimers of warranties and other provisions in these Terms of Use.
In the event that the software is also subject to a separate end user license agreement, the terms of such end user license agreement shall control any conflict between those terms and these Terms of Use.ACCESS AND INTERFERENCEYou agree that you will not (a) use any robot, spider or other automatic device, process or means to access the Site, (b) use any manual process to monitor or copy any of the material on this site or for any other unauthorized purpose without the prior written consent of the Company, (c) use any device, software or routine that interferes with the proper working of the Site, (d) attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site, (e) take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the Company's infrastructure, or (f) access, reload or "refresh" transactional pages, or make any other request to transactional servers, more than once during any three (3) second interval.TRADEMARKSThe Company name and logos, and all related names, logos, product and service names, designs and slogans contained in the Site or any software provided or accessed in connection therewith are trademarks of the Company, its affiliates, licensors and/or contractors unless otherwise clearly specified in writing.
You may not use such marks without the prior written permission of the Company.
All other names, brands and marks are used for identification purposes only and may be the trademarks of their respective owners.LIABILITY OF THE COMPANY AND ITS LICENSORSThe Company does not assume any liability for the materials, information and opinions provided on, or available through, the Site (the "Site Content").
Reliance on the Site Content is solely at your own risk.
The Company disclaims any liability for injury or damages resulting from the use of any Site Content.
THE SITE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE," WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OR GUARANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
THE COMPANY, ITS AFFILIATES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS ARE NEITHER RESPONSIBLE NOR LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR OTHER DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THE SITE.
THE COMPANY SHALL NOT BE HELD LIABLE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE FOR AN AMOUNT MORE THAN $500.INTERACTION WITH OTHER USERSAs a condition of access to the Site, you release the Company (and its shareholders, partners, affiliates, directors, officers, subsidiaries, employees, agents, suppliers, third party information providers, licensors, licensees, distributors and contractors) from claims, demand and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature arising out of or in any way connected with any dispute you may have with any other user of the Site.
The Company will have the right but not the obligation to resolve disputes between users relating to use of the Site, and to the extent that it elects to resolve such disputes, the Company will do so in good faith based on the general rules and standards of the Company and the Site.
You release the Company (and its shareholders, partners, affiliates, directors, officers, subsidiaries, employees, agents, suppliers, third party information providers, licensors, licensees, distributors and contractors) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature arising out of or in any way connected with the Company's resolution of such disputes.INDEMNIFICATIONYou agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and its shareholders, partners, affiliates, directors, officers, subsidiaries, employees, agents, suppliers, third party information providers, licensors, licensees, distributors, contractors and others involved in the Site or the delivery of products, services or information over the Site, from and against any and all liabilities, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorney's fees, arising from any violation by you of these Terms of Use or your use of the Site or any products, services or information obtained from the Site.COMMENTS AND SUBMISSIONSThe Company welcomes your comments.
All comments, suggestions or other information sent by you to the Company or its advertisers or business partners in response to solicitations on this Site will become the Company's property and you agree that all intellectual property rights therein are transferred to the Company.
For avoidance of doubt, the Company shall own any developments by the Company or on its behalf arising out of your comments, suggestions or other submissions.
To the extent the Company does not own such materials, you grant and agree to grant the Company a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to utilize, create derivative works of, distribute and sublicense such materials for any purpose in connection with the Company's web sites, products and services.
You have no expectation of any review, compensation or consideration of any type for all submissions hereunder.LINKS TO OTHER SITESThe Site contains links to other web sites on the Internet.
The Company is not responsible for and does not endorse the content, products, services or practices of any third party web sites, including, without limitation, sites framed within the Site or third party advertisements, and does not make any representations regarding their quality, content, accuracy, or suitability for your viewing or use.
Your use of third party web sites is at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such web sites.
In the event that you choose to purchase a product or service from a third party, the Company is not responsible for such products or services, as it is not party to such transaction and is not liable for any direct or indirect costs or damages arising out of any dispute between you and such third party.
NEITHER THE COMPANY, ITS LICENSORS OR CONTRACTORS, MAKES ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES REGARDING THE GOODS OR SERVICES OFFERED BY SUCH MERCHANT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR COMPATIBILITY.COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT AND OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENTIn accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) and other applicable law, the Company may, in appropriate circumstances and in the Company's sole discretion, terminate your access to this Site if it deems you to be a repeat infringer.
The Company may also, in its sole discretion, limit your access to the Site and/or terminate your membership if you infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.
Please contact our designated agent at privacy@poki.com &nbsp.
if you become aware of any content that may infringe the copyright of a third party or that you believe to be in violation of these Terms of Use.
Additionally, if you believe that any of the content on the Site violates your intellectual property rights, please contact us at privacy@poki.comCHOICE OF LAWThese Terms of Use shall be governed in all respects by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, USA, without regard to its conflicts of law principles.MISCELLANEOUSThese Terms of Use, as they may be amended from time to time, completely and exclusively state the agreement between you and the Company with respect to the Site, and no other terms that may have been communicated to you orally or in any other manner shall have any force or effect.
Any cause of action you may have with respect to the Site must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises or such claim or cause of action is barred.
You agree and acknowledge that your violation of any restrictions in these Terms of Use on the use of the Site, Site Content, or software or services available on or through the Site, or your use or disclosure of Confidential Information in a manner inconsistent with the provisions of these Terms of Use, may cause the Company irreparable damage for which remedies at law may be inadequate.
You agree that, in the event of your unauthorized use of the Site, Site Content, software and services, or your unauthorized disclosure of Confidential Information, the Company will be entitled to injunctive relief, in addition to such other legal and equitable remedies that may be available.
The Company's licensors and contractors are express third party beneficiaries of any terms in these Terms of Use that are applicable to their products or services, including disclaimers of warranty and limitations of liability, and shall have the right to enforce directly against you all of your applicable representations, warranties, covenants, indemnifications and obligations under these Terms of Use.
If any part of these Terms of Use is unenforceable (including, without limitation, any part of the binding arbitration provision above), the unenforceable part shall be construed to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original intentions of the parties.
The other provisions of these Terms of Use shall remain in full force and effect.
The terms related to protection of the Company's intellectual property rights, disclaimer of warranties limitation of liability, choice of law and binding arbitration, indemnification obligations and any licenses granted by you to the Company shall survive any termination of these Terms of Use.
The Company's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of the provision.
Neither a course of dealing or conduct between you and the Company nor any trade practices shall be deemed to modify these Terms of Use.What are you playing today?⚙️ CookiesAboutDevelopersJobsPrivacy StatementCookie StatementTerms of UseContactLet the world playFacebookTwitterYoutubeChoose language
Argentina
België
Brasil
Česká republika
Colombia
Costa Rica
Danmark
Deutschland
Ecuador
España
Español
France
Indonesia
Italia
Magyarország
México
Nederland
Norge
Österreich
Panamá
Perú
Polska
Portugal
República Dominicana
România
Schweiz
Slovensko
Suisse
Suomi
Sverige
Türkiye
United States
Uruguay
Venezuela
Việt Nam
Ελλάδα
Беларусь
България
Россия
Украина
ישראל
عربي
ประเทศไทย
대한민국
中国
日本

