
DO NOT SELL NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
 Cookie Settings

If you are a California resident, you have the right to opt out of the “sale” of your “personal information” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).

Politico and our advertising partners collected certain pieces of personal information to deliver interest-based advertising.
This use of your information may be considered a “sale” under the CCPA.
Politico also provides limited personal information to our business partners, who may use it to contact you about various goods and services that may be of interest to you.
California consumers who wish to opt out of the sale of their Personal Information may follow the instructions below.
More details on the categories of personal information that we “sell”, according to CCPA, can be found in our Privacy Policy.

Opting out of the sharing of your personal information by Politico with marketers: Please send an email to privacy@politico.com with the following information:· Email address· First and last name· State of residence

Opting out of interest-based advertising: Politico uses or participates in each of these services to deliver interest-based advertising.
To opt-out, you will need to visit each of the following websites for more information and follow their instructions to use their opt-out tools.· Network Advertising Initiative: https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1· The Digital Advertising Alliance: https://optout.aboutads.info/· Nielsen: https://www.nielsen.com/us/en/legal/privacy-statement/digital-measurement/#choices· Google Ad Settings: www.google.com/settings/ads· Teads: Information on how to opt-out of the sale of personal information can be found in Section 9 of the Teads Privacy Policy (https://www.teads.com/privacy-policy/)
Many of these tools use cookies to store your opt-out preferences on your specific browser and device.
You must opt-out on each device and on each browser to exercise your rights.
If your browser blocks cookies (or if you choose to delete them from your browser), your opt-out preferences may not be effective.
We do not control the opt-out mechanisms listed above and are not responsible for their operation.
Note that we may still deliver advertising to you that is not tailored to you based on your personal information, and that we may still use your personal information for other purposes such as analytics, measurement and attribution.
We may also share your personal information with third parties for other purposes in accordance with our Privacy Policy .
If you have any other questions or requests, please email us at privacy@politico.com.

