
         Game Rules The rules for game-play are relatively simple and easy to follow.
Be smart, use common sense, and you won't have any issues.
In-game Communication
 All forms of in-game communication, including but not limited to, messaging, war declaration reasons, alliance announcements, leader, city, or nation names, and nation and alliance descriptions must be appropriate.
Vulgar language, mean comments, Nazism or Nazi related names and titles, Terrorist organizations related names and titles etc.
are not allowed and will result in your nation receiving a strike.

Impersonation
 Creating accounts or nations in an attempt to impersonate an administrator or staff member is a bannable offense.

Harassment
 Using in-game communication to flame, bait, troll, or otherwise harass other players will result in your nation receiving a strike, or in severe instances your account being banned.

Multiple Nations on the Same Network
 Each player is allowed to have one account and nation.
Having multiple nations is a bannable violation.

 There is no limit on the number of nations that can play per network, so long as each nation is owned and controlled by a separate individual.
Some restrictions will be imposed automatically on nations on the same network to prevent cheating.

 Using Alliance Banks to evade trade restrictions imposed on nations on the same network is a bannable offense.

 Two nations on the same network are allowed to be in the same alliance, but they are not allowed to declare war on the same nation.
Failure to follow this rule will result in a nation strike the first time, and a ban the second time.

Fairness in Trading &amp.
Banking
 Prices and amounts in trades are generally at the player's discretion.
In instances where trades and banks are used to funnel money and/or resources from one nation to another, where one nation has no intention to continue playing the game is a bannable offense.

War Slot &amp.
Espionage Filling
 Declaring war on a nation without the intention of fighting them is punishable by a nation strike and additional punishment for multiple violations.
You are not allowed to declare war on nations to prevent them from being attacked by other nations.
This same rule applies with spies and espionage operations.
Knowingly participating in having your war or spy slots filled is also considered a violation of this rule.

 Declaring war on your allies is generally considered war slot filling and against the rules.
In cases where relationships between nations or alliances are not clear, moderators will use their best determination to decide if nations are allied and therefore war slot filling or not.
One example of this type of rule-breaking behavior would be leaving your alliance to declare on someone in your alliance or a nation in an alliance allied to your alliance, and then rejoining your alliance.

 Moderation discretion must be applied when interpreting and enforcing this rule.
One example of behavior violating the rules would be declaring war on a nation and sending attacks with minimal units, or using 'Fortify', to appear to be fighting a war, when in reality the attacker has no intention to engage in a real war and is attacking with the purpose of preventing other players from being able to attack the target or to otherwise benefit the target nation.

 Another example of war slot filling would be coordinating with an opponent to remove a bounty.
While bounty-hunting is legal and encouraged, coordinating with allies, for example, to remove a bounty while doing minimal damage would be considered war slot filling.
Similarly, coordinated transfer of Treasures through wars with minimal damage is another example of slot filling.

Automated Trading
 The use of any script, bot, macro, or other form of automated trading is strictly prohibited in Politics &amp.
War.
These programs give players who use them an unfair advantage over normal players, and use of them is punishable by banishment.

Account Selling
 Buying and Selling of Politics &amp.
War accounts or nations is strictly prohibited.
Each player is allowed to create one account that cannot be sold or transferred to another user.

Real-World Transactions for In-Game Materials
 Politics &amp.
War has a limited donation system to prevent the game from being "pay-to-win." In addition to limits on Credit usage, it is against the rules for players to make exchanges of real-life money or goods for in-game materials, including but not limited to: in-game money, and in-game resources.
Examples of this type of behavior would include: sending someone real-life money for in-game money or in-game resources, purchasing someone a Steam game for in-game money or in-game resources, sending someone a gift-card for in-game money or in-game resources, and any other sort of real-world trade for in-game goods.

 The punishment for real-world transactions for in-game materials will be a complete nation reset upon first offense, and a permanent ban from Politics &amp.
War upon a second offense.

Custom Content on Nation and Alliance Pages
 There are limits on what custom content is allowed to be posted in-game, including but not limited to on nation and alliance pages.

 Custom content shall not include imagery with excessive flashing or changing colors which could be deemed as potentially seizure-inducing for epileptic users, or otherwise cause visual strain for users.
This is punishable by a nation strike in-game and is subject to moderator discretion in determining the boundary for what is and is not allowed.

 Custom content shall not be excessively long so as to disrupt the normal flow of pages.
Excessively tall images and "filler" text are not allowed.
This is punishable by a nation strike in-game and is subject to moderator discretion in determining the boundary for what is and is not allowed.

 Content posted with the intent to deceive other players about the game mechanics is strictly prohibited.
This includes, but is not limited to, plain text statements such as "This nation is in Vacation Mode for X turns." This is punishable by a nation strike in-game and is subject to moderator discretion in determining the boundary for what is and is not allowed.

Screenshot Abuse
 Using (or attempting to use) images on your nation or alliance page in an attempt to deceive other players is against the rules and punishable by a nation strike.
This includes, but is not limited to: 

 Faking Vacation Mode: Placing an image mimicking the Vacation Mode designation displayed on nation pages is an example of faking Vacation Mode.

 Faking Your Nation Page: Using an edited or old screenshot of your nation page to attempt to deceive other players by hiding your actual nation page information.

 If you believe a player is violating these rules, please notify a Game Administrator (through in-game Messaging.) 

Coerced City Deletion
 Players have the ability to destroy their own cities.
Coercing others to destroy cities is strictly against the rules.
This includes, but is not limited to: 

Requiring city deletion as part of peace terms (for any war, individual or alliance)
 Depending on the severity and scale of the offense, this can result in anywhere from a moderation strike to a permanent ban.
The punishment is subject to moderator discretion.


Coerced Quitting / Forcing Players to Quit or Leave the Game
 Bullying, harassing, or otherwise coercing/encouraging players to quit the game is against the rules.
Depending on the severity and scale of the offense, this can result in anywhere from a moderation strike to a permanent ban.
The punishment is subject to moderator discretion.

Inactivity Deletion
 Any account that has not logged in within 60 days is liable for automatic deletion from the game.
This deletion is irreversible, and it is the player's responsibility to maintain an activity level of logging in at least once every 30 days to keep their account active.
Nations in Vacation Mode are exempt from this 30 day limit, but must resume activity upon exit of Vacation Mode or face prompt automatic deletion.

Vacation Mode
 Vacation Mode is a feature allowing you to preserve your nation during periods of time while you are away.
Entering Vacation Mode will prevent you from executing attacks in any ongoing wars, and prevent you from doing most game activities while your nation is in Vacation Mode.
Vacation Mode has a minimum period of 14 days.
Once in Vacation Mode, you will not be allowed to leave early.
Vacation Mode is not intended for use as a tool to avoid fighting wars.
However, using Vacation Mode for any reason, with the exception of protecting alliance bank funds, but including to avoid wars, is not against the rules.

Hiding Alliance Banks
 Using Vacation Mode as a way to protect an alliance bank from being raided is against the rules.
If you are caught doing so, the bank will be promptly returned, with 20% of the contents deleted.
If you suspect this is happening, please PM Alex in-game and he will investigate.

 Using a brand new nation (less than 14 days old) to protect an alliance bank using their starting protection time (from new war declarations) is also against the rules.
If you are caught doing so, the bank will be promptly returned, with 20% of the contents deleted.
If you suspect this is happening, please PM Alex in-game and he will investigate.

Moderation as a Weapon
 Using (or attempting to use) Moderation as a Weapon is against the rules and punishable by a nation strike.
An example of using (or attempting to use) Moderation as a Weapon is threatening to report another player to an Administrator or Moderator unless they comply with your request or demands.
If someone is in violation of the Game Rules, you are obligated as a player to notify a Game Administrator (through in-game Messaging.) 
 Failure to follow any of these rules will result in a punishment at the discretion of the game staff that includes but is not limited to: changing inappropriate names to something random (whether it be a nation, city, or leader name), issuing a nation strike, penalizing a nation with monetary fines or otherwise decreasing their nation progress (i.e.
removing cities), resetting a player's nation, deleting a player's nation, or even banning them permanently from the game.

 Thank you for reading and following the rules of Politics and War.

