
         Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which porofessor.gg collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the http://porofessor.gg website ("Site"). Personal identification information We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways in connection with activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site.
.
Users may visit our Site anonymously.
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us.
Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities. Non-personal identification information We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site.
Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information. Web browser cookies Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience.
User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them.
User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent.
If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly. How we use collected information porofessor.gg may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:


To run and operate our Site
 We may need your information display content on the Site correctly.


To personalize user experience
 We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.


To improve our Site
 We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.

 How we protect your information We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site. Sharing your personal information We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others.
We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
 Third party websites Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licencors and other third parties.
We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site.
In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing.
These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies.
Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies. Advertising Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer.
This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. Google Adsense Some of the ads may be served by Google.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet.
DART uses "non personally identifiable information" and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc.
You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html Changes to this privacy policy porofessor.gg has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time.
When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site.
We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect.
You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications. Your acceptance of these terms By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy.
If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site.
Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Privacy policy created by GeneratePrivacyPolicy.com Contacting us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us.
This document was last updated on Jan 26rd, 2020 For California Residents: CCPA Information This Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the information contained elsewhere in this Privacy Notice and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”).
We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice.
Rights and Choices.The CCPA provides consumers located in the state of California with certain rights regarding their personal information and data.
The following section describes those rights and explains how to exercise them: Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights.You have the right to request that the company disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (as described in the section “Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights”), we will disclose to you:  The categories of personal information we collected about you.
 The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
 Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
 The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
 The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called data portability request)  If we sold or disclose your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:  Sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased, and Disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained 
Non-Discrimination  We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights.
Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:  Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level of quality of goods or services.
 Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your value and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights  To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by emailing us at trebonius@wargraphs.gg  Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information.
You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
 You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access of data portability twice within a 12-month period.
The verifiable consumer request must:  Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
 We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
 Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
 Information We Collect  Our websites, emails (with your consent, where required by law), and other products, services and platforms collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“personal information”).
In particular, our websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms may have collected the following categories of personal information from its consumers within the last twelve (12) months:  Category	Collected  A.
Identifiers	YES  B.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal.
Civ.
Code § 1798.80(e)) YES  C.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law	NO  D.
Commercial information.
YES  E.
Biometric information.
NO  F.
Internet or other similar network activity.
YES  G.
Geolocation data.
YES  H.
Sensory data.
NO  I.
Professional or employment-related information.
NO  J.
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
YES 
 Personal information does not include: 
 Publicly available information from government records.
 Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
 Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, like:  health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data.
 personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy.

 Use of Personal Information 
 We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes: 
 To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information.
For example, if you share your name and contact information to request a newsletter or ask a question about our products or services, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry.
If you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we or our third-party service providers will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery.
We may also save your information to facilitate new product or service orders and requests.
 To provide, support, personalize, and develop our websites, emails, and other products, services and platforms.
 To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.
 To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud.
 To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including investigating and addressing your concerns and monitoring and improving our responses.
 To personalize your website, apps, emails, or other product, service or platform experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms.
 To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms, databases and other technology assets, and business.
 For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms.
 To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
 As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
 To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of the Company’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by the Company about our Website users is among the assets transferred.

 The Company will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
 Sharing Personal Information 
 The Company may disclose your personal information to a third-party for a business purpose or sell your personal information, subject to your right to opt-out of those sales (see ‘Sales of Personal Information’ below).
When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
The CCPA prohibits third parties who purchase the personal information we hold from reselling it unless you have received explicit notice and an opportunity to opt-out of further sales (see ‘Sales of Personal Information’ below).

 We may share your personal information with the following categories of third parties: 
 Subsidiaries and affiliates.
 Contractors and service providers.
 Data aggregators.
 Third parties with whom we partner to offer products and services to you.

 Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose 
 In the preceding twelve (12) months, the Company has disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose: 
 [Category A: Identifiers.]  [Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories.]  [Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.]  [Category G: Geolocation Data.]  [Category K: Inferences drawn from other personal information.] 
 Sales of Personal Information 
 In the preceding twelve (12) months, the company has sold the following categories of personal information collected through our ad-supported services: 
 [Category A: Identifiers.]  [Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.]  [Category G: Geolocation Data.]  [Category K: Inferences drawn from other personal information.] 
 The company and our advertising partners collect the personal information identified above (such as the cookies stored on your browser, the advertising identifier on your mobile device, or the IP address of your device) when you visit our websites, apps, and other products, services and platforms, or open our emails.
We, and our partners, use this information to tailor and deliver ads to you on our websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms, or to help tailor ads to you when you visit others’ sites (or use others’ apps).
To tailor ads that may be more relevant to you, we and/or our partners may share the information we collect with third parties.

 Update cookie preferences 
      