
        Privacy Policy 
PRIVACY AND COOKIE NOTICE


Effective Date: 12.10.2021

Company* and its affiliates (together, “Portable.TV”, “We," “Us,” “Our”) takes the security and privacy of your personal information very seriously.
As part of our commitment to use the information you share with us responsibly, we want you to be familiar with how we collect, use, and disclose information relating to you, your computer, or your device and that enables your identification (“Personal Information”).
This Privacy and Cookie Notice (“Notice”) describes how we process Personal Information about you that we collect through the website or mobile, desktop, or connected TV application operated and controlled by us from which you are accessing this Notice (the “Site”).
This Notice does not apply to information that we collect offline, such over the telephone, in person, or by facsimile.
By using the Site, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Notice.

This Policy is considered part of our Terms and Conditions 

1.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU?.

a.
What You Gave Us: Some parts of the Site may ask you to submit Personal Information in order for you to benefit from the specified features or to participate in a particular activity.
For example, you may voluntarily provide Personal Information to us in the following ways:

 •	Contact Us Forms: If you contact us, we collect the information that you provide on the “contact us” form available on the Site.

 •	Registration For An Account: If you register for an account with us, we will collect the information that you voluntarily provide when registering, This information may include your name and your email address.
You may also be asked to provide a username and password.

 •	Application Forms: We collect the Personal Information you voluntarily provide when you complete an application form on the Site.
For example, if you choose to participate in a contest or sweepstakes, we may collect the information you provide in the application form.

 •	Subscribe to Mailing List: If you subscribe to our mailing list, we will collect your email address.

We may combine Personal Information you submit through the Site with other information we have collected from you, whether on-line or off-line.
We treat the combined information in accordance with this Notice.

b.
Single Sign-On: Our Site may allow you to log in or register using a third-party service such as Facebook.
This ‘single sign-on’ feature allows us to conveniently create an account for you and allows you to log in using familiar credentials.
Through this process, we may collect your name, email, and any other information provided to us by the single sign-on partner.
We will not collect your password for that third-party service, so if you forget your password, please coordinate with the appropriate third party.
Note that we may link information we are provided from a social media or third-party platform with other information we or our third-party service providers hold about you, and you may share information with those parties, as described in the “Content Sharing” section below.

c.
Information from Use of the Site: Through your use of the Site, we may also gather information about your use of the Site that does not identify you directly but may identify your computer or device.
Generally, this information is collected through what we refer to herein as “Traffic Data.” We may collect and store such Traffic Data automatically whenever you interact with the Site.
For example, we may collect your IP address, the hostname of your computer, browser information and reference site domain name every time you use the Site.
We may collect information regarding user traffic patterns and Site usage.
This Traffic Data does not, however, contain anything that can personally identify you, though it may identify your computer or device.
This data is used to analyze and improve the Site, to provide you with a better and more personalized experience on the Site, and to show you offers tailored to you.
Please see the section below in this Notice regarding Passive Information Collection for more information about our use of cookies and other technologies.

d.
Location Data: If you use certain parts of our websites, we may collect location data obtained from your IP address.
Similarly, if you use our mobile websites, mobile applications, or other smart device applications we may collect location data obtained from your device.
We use this location data to serve local content to you.

e.
Data about Children: We do not knowingly collect Personal Information through the Site from children under the age of 13.
We reserve the right to delete any information identified as having been provided through the Site from children under the age of 13.

2.
HOW DO WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU?.

We use Personal Information submitted by you or otherwise collected through the Site for the purposes described in this Notice and as otherwise described to you at the point of collection.
Generally, we use the information you provide for the reason for which it was provided.
For example, if you contact us by e-mail, we will use the Personal Information you provide to answer your question or resolve your problem and will respond to the email address from which the contact came.
We may also use Personal Information about you as specifically described below:

 •	Requests, Inquiries, and Applications: We may use your Personal Information to process, evaluate, and respond to your requests, inquiries, and applications.
So, if you provide us with information to register for an account with Portable.TV, we will use the information you provide to process your registration for that purpose.
If you provide us with Personal Information to participate in a contest or promotion, we may use your information to administer your participation.
If you request certain information from us, we will use your Personal Information to process and respond to your request.

 •	Manage Our Relationship With You: We may use your Personal Information to send you important information regarding our relationship with you or regarding the Site, such as information about changes to our terms, conditions, policies, and other administrative information.

 •	Internal Business Purposes: We may use your Personal Information for internal business purposes, including without limitation, to help us operate, evaluate, and improve the quality of the Site.
to better understand those individuals that utilize the Site and their viewing habits.
to verify your identity.
to prevent, protect against, identify, or address fraud, unauthorized activity, claims, liabilities, and other wrongdoing.
to provide you with customer service.
and to generally manage our business.

 •	Promotional Activities: We use Traffic Data to deliver promotional messages to you, including through Interest-Based Advertising, as explained more in Section 5 below.

 •	Analytics: We may use Traffic Data to performing market research and data analytics.
To learn more about how we use Traffic Data, please see Section 4 of this Notice.

 •	Localized and Personalized Content: We may use your general geographic location to provide localized content.
We track your viewing history for our own analytics purposes, but also to allow you to access your watch history.
We may use Personal Information, including your watch history, to provide you with personalized viewing recommendations for content we think will be of interest to you.

 •	Legal Requirements, Industry Standards, and Contractual Obligations: We may use your Personal Information to comply with applicable legal requirements and industry standards, and to defend our legal rights and enforce our contracts.

We may use non-personal information or aggregate information that does not identify an individual without restriction, and we may share such information with third parties.

3.
WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION.

We may share your Personal Information only as described in this Notice or as otherwise described to you at the point of collection:

 •	Affiliates: We may share your Personal Information with our affiliates for purposes consistent with this Notice.
Our affiliates will be bound to maintain that Personal Information in accordance with this Notice.

 •	Agents, Consultants, and Service Providers: We may share your Personal Information with individuals or companies that we hire to provide services to us, such as website hosting services.

 •	Third Party Business Partners: Certain programs, applications, or services available through the Site are made available through third party business partners.
Although our treatment of your Personal Information that is provided to participate in such a third-party program, application, or service is governed by this Notice, the treatment of your Personal Information by these third-party business partners will be governed by the privacy policies of such third parties.

 •	Business Transfers: We may transfer your Personal Information in the event of a business sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, bankruptcy, liquidation, or reorganization.
We may also disclose your Personal Information in the course of due diligence of such a transaction.
You acknowledge and agree that any successor to or acquirer of Portable.TV (or its assets) will continue to have the right to use your Personal Information and other information.
Whether the recipient of your Personal Information in these cases will handle your Personal Information pursuant to this Notice will depend on the applicable law and other factors.

 •	Legal Requirements: We use and disclose Personal Information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (i) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence.
(ii) to comply with legal process.
(iii) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence.
(iv) to enforce our terms and conditions.
(v) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates.
(vi) to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or others.
and (vii) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.

 •	Passively Collected Information: We may share Traffic Data that does not identify you directly, but may identify your computer or device, as described in Sections 4 of this Notice.

4.
COOKIES AND OTHER PASSIVE COLLECTION TECHNOLOGIES.

As you navigate the Site, certain Traffic Data may be passively collected, meaning it is gathered without your actively providing it.
This is done using the following technologies in the following ways:

 Through your browser: Certain information is collected by most browsers, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type and operating system type and version screen resolution, and Internet browser type and version.

 Through your device: If you access the Site through a mobile device or other network-connected product, certain information may be collected about that device, including your device type, network service provider, and other identifiers.
We may collect unique device identifiers (such as IDFA and AID tags and UUID and UDID identifiers) associated with the devices you use to access the Site.

 Using cookies: Like many companies, our Site may use “cookies” to help make sure the Site is meeting the needs of its users and to help us make improvements.
Cookies are bits of text that are placed on your computer’s hard drive when you visit certain websites.
We may use cookies set by us on the Site to tell us, for example, whether you have visited us before or if you are a new visitor.
We use third-party cookies set by our service provider, Google Analytics, to collect information about how visitors use the Site, including how long you spend on each page, and how you got to the Site.
We do not use data collected by cookies to identify who you are.
You can visit https://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html to learn more about Google Analytics’ use of cookies.
You can visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout for information on how to opt out of Google Analytics cookies.

You can refuse our use of some or all cookies by turning off the use of cookies in your web browser.
If you use your browser settings to block all types of cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our Site or functionality may be limited.

You can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
You can also set your browser to turn off cookies.

Changing your internet browser settings can prevent the use of cookies.
Each browser has a different procedure for disabling the use of cookies.
The Help function within your browser should tell you how.
Alternatively, you may visit http://www.aboutcookies.org where you can review information on how to control cookies on a variety of browsers.

Using Monitoring Tools: Cookies are not the only way to recognize or track visitors to a website.
We may use other, similar technologies from time to time, like web beacons (sometimes called “tracking pixels” or “clear gifs”) to better tailor the Site in order to provide a better service.
These are tiny graphics files that contain a unique identifier that enable us to recognize when someone has visited our Site.
These technologies usually work in conjunction with cookies.
To disable cookies used on our Site, and therefore any other tracking technologies that work in conjunction with these cookies, please follow the instructions above.

IP Address: Your IP Address is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider.
An IP Address is identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user visits the Site, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) that were visited.
Collecting IP Addresses is standard practice on the Internet and is done automatically by many online service providers, including website operators.
We use IP Addresses for purposes such as calculating Site usage levels, helping diagnose server problems, and administering the Site.

Social Media Plug-Ins: We use social media plug-ins from social media networks like Facebook, Pinterest, Instagram, YouTube and Twitter, which are labeled on our Site with the well-known symbols of the respective social network.
If you interact with these plug-ins, your activity on the Site may also be made available to those social networks.
In order to understand how those social networks use and disclose your Personal Information, please review the privacy policies available on the websites of those social networks.

Do Not Track Signals: Our Site currently does not respond to “Do Not Track” (DNT) signals and operates as described in this Notice whether or not a DNT signal is received.


Although our use of passive collection technologies may change over time as technology evolves, the above descriptions are designed to provide you with additional detail about our current approach to information collected from passive technologies.

5.
INTEREST BASED ADVERTISING.

We may collect information about your online activities on our Site and when you interact with our email advertisements.
We use this information to provide you with advertising about products and services tailored to your individual interests.
We also may obtain information for this purpose from third-party websites on which our ads are served.
In addition, we work with third party service providers who use their own automated information collection and tracking technologies on our Site.
This section of our Notice provides details and explains how to exercise your choices.


You may see certain ads on other websites because we work with advertising partners (including advertising networks) to engage in remarketing and retargeting activities.
Our advertising partners allow us to target our messaging to users through demographic, interest-based and contextual means.
These partners track your online activities over time and across websites by collecting information through automated means, including through the use of third-party cookies, web server logs, and web beacons.
They use this information to show you advertisements that may be tailored to your individual interests.
The information our advertising partners may collect includes data about your visits to websites that participate in the relevant advertising networks, such as the pages or advertisements you view and the actions you take on the websites.
This data collection takes place both on our Site and on third-party websites that participate in the ad networks, as well as when you interact with our email advertisements.
This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.
For example, we utilize certain of our ad partners’ targeted advertising services to show you our ads on other websites based on your prior visits to our Site and other online activity.

Provided that a company participates in industry-developed programs designed to provide consumers choices about whether to receive targeted advertising, you may opt out of ad network interest-based advertising generally through the Network Advertising Initiative website or by visiting http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ (web-based advertising) or http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices (for mobile advertising).
To learn more, please visit the websites operated by the Network Advertising Initiative and Digital Advertising Alliance at www.networkadvertising.org/choices.
Opting-out does not mean that you will stop receiving ads from us.
It means that you still stop receiving ads from us that have been targeted to you based on your visits and browsing activity across websites over time.

6.
Social Media.

Some aspects of the Site may allow you to interface with other websites, social media, and other online services, such as Facebook and Twitter.
We will diligently work to identify these aspects of the Site to you, for example, by identifying them with the applicable third party logos or trade names.
By using these interfaces, you will allow us to access information about you from those other online services, including information and other content that you submit to those online services.
These interfaces may also allow the social media or other service to automatically collect information about you, such as browser information and IP address.
If you interface with the Site through your social media account, we may contact you or enable you to share your experience and content via your social media account, which information may be publicly viewed by other users of those services.
For a description on how such social media services and other third-party platforms, plug-ins, integrations, and applications handle your information, please refer to their respective privacy policies and terms of use, which may permit you to modify your privacy settings with that service or platform.

7.
SECURITY.

We take what we believe to be reasonable steps to protect the Personal Information collected by us from loss, misuse, unauthorized use, access, inadvertent disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
However, no network, server, database, or Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure, error-free, or “hacker proof.” Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you provide to us.
Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Information.


8.
DATA RETENTION.

We generally retain Personal Information for so long as it may be relevant to the purposes above, or for longer when required by law.
To dispose of Personal Information, we may anonymize it, delete it, or take other appropriate steps.
Even if we delete your Personal Information, it may persist on backup or archival media for an additional period of time for legal, tax, or regulatory reasons, or for legitimate and lawful business purposes.

9.
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES.

Opt Out From Direct Electronic Communications 

Where it is in accordance with your preferences, Portable.TV may send you direct electronic communications, such as through email or text message.
You may “opt out” of receiving these electronic communications by following the instructions in the message that you receive, or by sending an e-mail to support@portable.tv indicating which communications you no longer wish to receive.
Note that if you are a registered user we may still send certain administrative messages to you by email that relate to the services that you have signed up to receive.

Opt Out From Cookie-Related Processing 

You can opt out from certain cookie-related processing as described in Sections 4 of this Notice.

10.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES

The Site may contain links to other web sites for the convenience of users in locating information or services that may be of interest.
If you access a third-party website from a link on the Site, any information you disclose on that website is not subject to this Notice.
It is possible that these links may be used by third parties or others to collect personal or other information about you.
Portable.TV is not responsible for the privacy practices of such websites, advertisers, or third parties or the content of such websites.
Portable.TV does not control these third parties’ use of cookies, collection of information, or how they manage such information.
It is solely your obligation to review and understand the privacy practices and policies of these other websites, advertisers and any third parties.

11.
CALIFORNIA

California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (also known as the “Shine The Light” law) permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information about the Personal Information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year.
Alternatively, businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose Personal Information of customers to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes unless the customer has opted-in to such information sharing.
Accordingly, we will not share your Personal Information with third parties other than our affiliates for the third party’s own direct marketing purposes unless you opt-in, for example by checking a consent check box when providing us with your information.

12.
UPDATES DELETING YOUR PORTABLE.TV ACCOUNT

You may delete your PORTABLE.TV account, in accordance with our Terms of Use, or via the link accessible on the Account page.
You must cancel your subscription before you are able to delete your account.
Please note that, after you delete your account, we may retain some information from or about you in accordance with applicable law, including for various legal, operational, accounting, and auditing purposes.

13.
UPDATES AND CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY

The business and operations of Portable.TV may change from time to time.
As a result, at times it may be necessary for us to make changes to this Notice to reflect changes in the law, our data handling practices, or the features of our services, websites, and apps.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to update or modify this Notice at any time.
Modifications to this Notice will be posted on the Site and the new Effective Date will be displayed at the top of this Notice.
In certain circumstances, Portable.TV may, but need not, provide you with additional notice of such modifications, such as via e-mail.
Modifications will be effective 30 days following the Effective Date, or such other date as communicated in any other notice to you.
Where required by applicable law, we will apply changes only with your consent.
Please review this Notice periodically, and especially before you provide any Personal Information.
This Notice was updated on the date indicated above.
Your continued use of the Site following the effectiveness of any modifications to this Notice constitutes your acceptance of those modifications.
If any modification to this Notice is not acceptable to you, you should cease accessing, browsing, and otherwise utilizing Portable.TV’s Site.


14.
HOW TO CONTACT US.
 <If you have any questions regarding this Notice or the use of your Personal Information under this Notice, you can contact us at:

 Portable.TV

 c/o T&R Productions, LLC

 Email us at: support@portable.tv

 * T&R Productions, LLC

