
        Terms of Use
The following terms and conditions (“Terms”) govern your access to, and use of, all or part of any website or mobile application of Company* (“Portable.TV”) where these Terms are posted (collectively, the “Site”).
By accessing, viewing, downloading or otherwise using the content, materials, or services available on or through the Site, you certify that you have read, understand, and agree to be legally bound by these Terms, as well as our Privacy and Cookie Notice , all of which are incorporated by reference herein.
You further certify that you are 18 years of age or older (or at least the applicable age of majority in your state or territory of residence).
You understand and agree that your use of the Site signifies that you fully accept and agree to these Terms.
If you do not agree to these Terms, or if you are younger than 18 years of age, you are not granted permission to use the Site and must exit immediately.


In the event there is any conflict or inconsistency between these Terms and any other terms of use that appear on the Site, these Terms will govern.

THESE TERMS CONTAIN AN ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND A CLASS ACTION WAIVER CLAUSE.
BY USING THE SITE, YOU ARE ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT AND, WHILE YOU MAY STILL PURSUE CLAIMS AGAINST PORTABLE.TV, YOU ARE AGREEING THAT YOU MUST PURSUE YOUR CLAIMS IN A BINDING ARBITRATION PROCEEDING (AND NOT IN A COURT) AND ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL (AND NOT A CLASS ACTION) BASIS.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY TO UNDERSTAND YOUR RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES.

If you have any questions concerning these Terms or wish to exercise your rights as described below, please contact Portable.TV at support@portable.tv.

1.
License to Use the Site.
.

1.1 Subject to these Terms, Portable.TV hereby grants you a personal, limited, terminable, revocable, non-exclusive, nontransferable, nonsublicenseable license to access and use the Site solely for use in accordance with these Terms.
The Site and any content viewed through our Site are for your personal and non-commercial use only and may not be shared with individuals beyond your household.
You shall be responsible, at your sole expense, for procuring, operating, and maintaining the computer system, mobile device, hardware, software, and other items necessary or appropriate to enable you to exercise your rights and licenses hereunder.
The quality of the display of the Site Content (as defined below) may vary from device to device, and may be affected by a variety of factors, such as your location, the bandwidth available through and/or speed of your Internet connection.
Without limiting any other provisions of these Terms, all software and other materials, including the Site, made available to you are the copyrighted work of Portable.TV or its licensors.
Copying or distributing the Site or the Site Content is expressly prohibited.

1.2 You may view Site Content primarily within the country in which you have established your account and only in geographic locations where we offer our service and have licensed such content.
The content that may be available to watch will vary by geographic location and will change from time to time.
You agree not to attempt to access content that is not available in your geographic location.

2.
Account Registration.

2.1 In order to access certain content, material, products or services on the Site, you may be asked to register and create an account.
As part of the registration process, you may be asked to click to agree to these Terms or additional terms and may then be asked to submit your email address and a password for your account.
You may also be required to provide certain information about yourself including some types of personally identifiable information, including your legal name and email address, which will be handled by us in accordance with our Privacy and Cookie Notice .
You are responsible for ensuring that your password and account login are kept secret, safe, and secure at all times.
Portable.TV will not be held responsible or liable for any misuse of your account in the event that a third party has access to and uses your password and account login in any way.
You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password.

2.2 You represent that the personal information you provide via the Site is true, valid, complete and up-to-date in all respects.
Should any of the information you provide on the Site change, please login to your account and update such information directly on the Site.

2.3 We reserve the right in our sole discretion to remove or delete any or all information from your account or our Site at any time and for any reason.
You understand that we cannot guarantee that your account will always be available to you or error free.
We may terminate or suspend your account for any reason in our sole discretion with or without notice to you.
Additionally, we reserve the right to stop offering any account feature of our Site or any portion thereof, without liability, at any time and for any reason, with or without cause.
In the event of any such termination or suspension, information stored in your account may no longer be available to you.
We have no obligation to make your account history available to you and you should not rely upon your account as your sole record of this information.

3.
General Restrictions on Use.

3.1.
You agree to use the Site only for purposes that are permitted by these Terms and in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, and generally accepted practices or guidelines in the relevant jurisdictions.

3.2.
You will not (and will not attempt to): (a) access the Site by any means other than through the interfaces that are provided by Portable.TV.
(b) gain unauthorized access to Portable.TV’s computer system or engage in any activity that interferes with the performance of, or impairs the functionality or security of the Site or Portable.TV’s networks and computer systems.
(c) access the Site through any automated means or with any automated features or devices (including use of scripts or web crawlers, data mining, scraping, robots, spiders, or any other data gathering or extraction tools), except to the extent the Site is indexed by general purpose consumer-accessible search engines, such as Google or Bing.
(d) access or collect any personally identifiable information, including any names, email addresses or other such information for any purpose, including, without limitation, commercial purposes.
(e) reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, trade, or resell any aspect of the Site for any purpose.
(f) upload, post, or otherwise transmit, through the Site, any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” “phishing,” or any other form of solicitation, including the solicitation of users to become subscribers of other online information services competitive with Portable.TV.
(g) stalk, harass, or otherwise disturb another person.
(h) impersonate another person.
or (i) infringe any intellectual property rights of any person or entity, including any trademark rights, rights of publicity, personality, or privacy of any person or entity.

3.3.
We may from time to time give you the ability to link, embed, download, or copy certain Site Content pursuant to these Terms.
If you do so, you may not modify, build upon or block any portion or functionality of the Site Content, including links back to our Site or any DRM functionality protecting the Site Content.
You further agree to not place embedded Site Content in any location or on any site or service that contains or promotes unlawful, inappropriate, pornographic, obscene, defamatory, harassing, hateful, discriminatory, or similar unlawful or immoral conduct.
In addition, you must post your own terms and privacy policy consistent with applicable law, your use of our Site Content, these Terms, and our Privacy and Cookie Notice.

3.4.
You also agree that we have the exclusive right to serve ads and collect information with respect to Site Content available through the Site, unless we have a separate written agreement with you.
Accordingly, you may not advertise on any page containing our Site Content without our prior express written consent.
For the avoidance of doubt, you are expressly prohibited from stream-capturing, reproducing, rebroadcasting, retransmitting, or otherwise performing, using, copying, modifying, distributing, replicating, translating, or creating any other derivative work of any kind based on the Site Content, using any form of data extraction or data mining process or procedure on the Site Content, or otherwise exploiting or using the Site Content, commercially or otherwise, without our prior written permission.

4.
Content on the Site.

4.1.
As between you and Portable.TV, Portable.TV owns or licenses all data, content, graphics, forms, artwork, images, videos, audio recordings, photographs, functional components and any software concepts and documentation and other material on, in or made available through the Site (“Site Content”), as well as the selection, coordination, arrangement, and organization and enhancement of the Site Content.
All Site Content are protected pursuant to copyright, trademark, patent, and other applicable laws.
You agree not to remove or alter any copyright notice or any other proprietary notice on any Site Content.
As between any user and Portable.TV, all names, trademarks, service marks, certification marks, symbols, slogans or logos appearing on the Site are proprietary to Portable.TV or its affiliates, licensors, suppliers, or vendors.
Use or misuse of these trademarks is expressly prohibited and may violate federal and state trademark law.
Unless expressly written otherwise by Portable.TV, you do not have any rights of any kind in or to the Site Content, other than the right to use the Site Content in accordance with these Terms.

4.2.
“PORTABLE.TV” and other trademarks, logos, characters, page headers, button icons, scripts, service names and other marks (collectively “Trademarks”) displayed on the Site are subject to the trademark and other rights of Portable.TV.
Our Trademarks may not be used, including as part of trademarks and/or as part of domain names, in connection with any product or service in any manner that is likely to cause confusion and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Portable.TV.
Your use or misuse of Trademarks displayed on the Site, or of any other Site Content, except as provided for in these Terms of Use, is strictly prohibited.

4.3.
The information that you provide as a registered Portable.TV user or otherwise as a user of the Site is sometimes referred to as “User Content.” By contributing User Content, you represent that you have the full legal right to provide the User Content and that use of the User Content by the Site and all other persons and entities will not: (a) infringe any intellectual property rights of any person or entity or any rights of publicity, personality, or privacy of any person or entity, including as a result of your failure to obtain consent to post personally identifying or otherwise private information about a person.
(b) violate any law, statute, ordinance, regulation, or agreement.
(c) be defamatory, libelous or trade libelous, unlawfully threatening, or unlawfully harassing.
(d) impersonate any person or entity or falsely state or otherwise imply an affiliation with a person or entity or is generally false, deceptive, misleading, deceitful, misinformative or constitutes a “bait and switch”.
(e) be obscene, child pornographic, or indecent.
(f) violate any community or Internet standard.
(g) constitute misappropriation of any trade secret or know-how.
or (i) constitute disclosure of any confidential information owned by any third party.

5.
Feedback.

5.1.
We welcome your comments and feedback about our Site.
All information and materials submitted to Portable.TV through the Site or otherwise, such as any comments, feedback, ideas, questions, designs, data or the like regarding or relating to the Site or the business of Portable.TV (collectively, “Feedback“), will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary with regard to you, but Portable.TV reserves the right to treat any such Feedback as the confidential information of Portable.TV.
By submitting Feedback to Portable.TV, you assign to Portable.TV and its officers, directors, employees, parents, partners, successors, agents, distribution partners, affiliates, subsidiaries and their related companies (the “Portable.TV Parties”) free of charge, all worldwide rights, title and interest in all copyrights and other intellectual property rights in such Feedback.
The Portable.TV Parties will be entitled to use any Feedback you submit, and any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in any such Feedback, for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products and services using such Feedback without restriction and without compensating you in any way.
You are responsible for the information and other content contained in any Feedback you submit to us, including, without limitation, its truthfulness and accuracy.

6.
Errors, Inaccuracies, and Omissions..

6.1.
Occasionally there may be information on the Site that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to content descriptions, promotions, offers, and availability.
We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information if any information on the Site is inaccurate at any time without prior notice.

7.
Disclaimer.

7.1.
Portable.TV expressly disclaims, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any express or implied warranties: (i) that the Site, Site Content, services, advice, information or links provided or displayed on the Site will meet your requirements.
(ii) that the Site will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or free from error or that any errors will be corrected.
(iii) that defects in the operation or functionality of any software provided to you as part of the Site will be corrected.
and (iv) regarding the Site, Site Content, services, advice, information or links provided by any third parties or users.
No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from the Site shall create any warranty not expressly stated in these Terms.

7.2.
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN, THE SITE, THE SITE CONTENT AND MATERIALS ON, IN, AND MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE, AND THE SERVICES, PRODUCTS, INFORMATION AND OTHER CONTENT ON AND IN AND MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE ARE MADE AVAILABLE “AS IS” AND “WITH ALL FAULTS.” USE OF THE SITE IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.
WE AND OUR LICENSORS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, AND DISCLAIM ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, WITH RESPECT TO THE SITE, THE SITE CONTENT, THE SERVICES, PRODUCTS, INFORMATION AND OTHER MATERIALS ON AND IN AND MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WRITTEN OR ORAL, ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, USAGE OF TRADE, OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUALITY, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

7.3.
You understand that the technical processing and transmission of any Site Content and User Content may be transferred unencrypted and involve transmissions over various networks and changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.
Please be advised that we do not guarantee that any information sent to or from our Site will be secure during transmission, nor can we guarantee the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to us via the Site or the Internet, including, for example, personal information such as your name or address.
Portable.TV reserves the right to interrupt or discontinue any or all of the functionalities of the Site.
Portable.TV assumes no responsibility for: (a) any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, any communication.
(b) any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers or providers, computer equipment, software, failure of any email due to technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or on the Site, including any injury or damage to you or to any person’s computer related to or resulting from use of the Site.
and (c) any damage to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of or browsing of the Site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio from the Site.

8.
Links To and Features Provided by Third Parties.

8.1.
The Site may contain links or references to other websites or feature services of third parties for the convenience of users.
These third-party websites and services may be available on the Site via a link, redirect, plug-in, integrated application, or other technology, and may be recognized automatically by your browser.
Some third-party features and services available through the Site are co-branded with our third-party business partners.
Portable.TV does not recommend and expressly disclaims any responsibility for the content, the accuracy of the information, or quality of products or services provided by or advertised on third party websites or the transactions you conduct or enter into with third parties.
Your use of any third-party websites, programs, or services is at your own risk, and subject to the terms and conditions of such third parties.
Portable.TV encourages you to read the privacy policies and terms of use linked or referenced in connection with third party websites and services.

8.2.
Any opinions, advice, statements, services, advertisements, offers or other information or content expressed or made available through the Site by third parties, including information providers, are those of the respective authors or distributors and not Portable.TV.
Portable.TV does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any content.
Furthermore, Portable.TV does not endorse and is not responsible for the accuracy and reliability of any third-party opinion or statement published on the Site.

9.
Service Access.


9.1.
While Portable.TV endeavors to ensure that the Site is normally available 24 hours a day, it will not be liable if for any reason it is unavailable at any time or for any period.
Access to the Site may be suspended temporarily and without notice in case of a system failure, maintenance or repair or for reasons beyond our control.

10.
Promotions.

10.1.
All promotional offers, sweepstakes, contests, giveaways and other promotions (“Promotions”) we may offer from time to time are subject to these Terms and any supplemental terms we disclose.
Generally, with or without notice, we reserve the right to modify, suspend, cancel or terminate any Promotion in appropriate circumstances, including to extend or resume the stated entry period, disqualify any participant or entry, or award prizes in an alternate manner.
You are responsible for all costs, expenses or taxes associated with your participation and/or receipt of any prizes or awards.
We may condition your participation or receipt of a prize/award on the execution of a release and/or other agreements.
By entering any of the Promotions, you automatically consent to and grant us the right to use of your name, image, likeness, statements, biographical information and other information about you for publicity, advertising and promotional purposes, all without additional permission from or compensation to you.

11.
Cost of Service.

11.1.
The Portable.TV Site is currently free, but we reserve the right to charge for all or a portion of the Site in the future.
We will notify you before any Site Content or services on the Site that you are currently using begin carrying a fee, and if you wish to continue using such Site Content or services, you must pay all applicable fees.

12.
Limitation of Liability.

IN AS MUCH AS PERMITTED BY LAW, AND EXCEPT FOR DAMAGE CAUSED BY WILLFUL INTENT OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE, PORTABLE.TV AND ITS AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES AND LICENSORS AND EACH OF THE RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SHAREHOLDERS OR AGENTS OF ANY OF THEM, EXCLUDE ALL LIABILITY AND RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY AMOUNT OR KIND OF LOSS OR DAMAGE THAT MAY RESULT TO YOU OR A THIRD PARTY (INCLUDING ANY INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSS OR DAMAGE, OR ANY LOSS OF INCOME, PROFITS, GOODWILL OR DATA) IN CONNECTION WITH (A) THE USE OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OBTAINED ON OR THROUGH THE SITE.
(B) THE SITE, SITE CONTENT, OR USER CONTENT IN ANY WAY.
OR (C) THE USE, INABILITY TO USE OR THE RESULTS OF USE OF THE SITE, ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO THE SITE OR THE MATERIAL ON SUCH WEBSITES, INCLUDING LOSS OR DAMAGE DUE TO VIRUSES THAT MAY INFECT YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT, SOFTWARE, DATA OR OTHER PROPERTY ON ACCOUNT OF YOUR ACCESS TO, USE OF OR BROWSING OF THE SITE OR YOUR USE OF ANY SITE CONTENT OR ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO THE SITE.
ALL THE FOREGOING REGARDLESS OF LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER OR NOT YOU OR WE HAD BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OR PROBABILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND EVEN IF THE REMEDIES OTHERWISE AVAILABLE FAIL OF THEIR ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF WE AND OUR AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES AND LICENSORS TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY IN CONNECTION WITH THE FOREGOING EXCEED THE PRICE PAID BY YOU DURING THE PRECEDING YEAR FOR USE OF THE SITE.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
IF ANY PART OF THIS LIMITATION ON LIABILITY IS FOUND TO BE INVALID OR UNENFORCEABLE FOR ANY REASON, THEN THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF US AND OUR AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES AND LICENSORS SHALL NOT EXCEED TEN DOLLARS ($10).
IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH THE SITE, OR WITH ANY OF THESE TERMS, OR FEEL WE HAVE BREACHED THESE TERMS, YOUR SOLE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE SITE.

13.
Indemnification.

13.1.
You will indemnify Portable.TV and its affiliates, subsidiaries and licensors and their respective officers, directors, employees, shareholders or agents (“Indemnitees”) against all claims, actions, suits, and other proceedings (“Claims”) arising out of or incurred in connection with the Site and your use of the Site or products or services obtained through the Site, your fraud, violation of law, negligence, willful misconduct, or any other use of the Site, the User Content, the Site Content, the services, products, information and other materials on, in and made available through the Site, (except to the extent attributable to us), or any breach by you of these Terms of Use, and you will indemnify and hold the Indemnitees harmless from and against all judgments, losses, liabilities, damages, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and attorneys’ disbursements) arising out of or incurred in connection with such Claims.
This defense and indemnification obligation will survive these Terms and your use of the Site.
We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you hereunder, and you shall cooperate in all reasonable respects in such defense.
You may not settle any claim contemplated in this Section 13 without the prior written consent of Portable.TV.

14.
Complaint Procedures.

14.1.
If you believe that any content or postings on the Site violates your intellectual property or other rights, please send to us at support@portable.tv a comprehensive detailed message setting forth the following information: (a) your name and the name of your company, if any.
(b) your contact information, including your e-mail address.
(c) the nature and substance of your complaint, the specific rights at issue, and your basis for making the complaint, including the content or posting that is objectionable.
and (d) the following statement: “The statements, representations, and assertions made in this message are true, complete, and accurate and I have the full legal authority to make each and every such statement, representation, and assertion and to make and be granted any demand made in this message.” 

15.
Dispute Resolution.

15.1.
Any dispute arising out of these Terms of Use shall be resolved exclusively through final and binding arbitration conducted by the American Arbitration Association (the “AAA”).
Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, and court review of an arbitration award is very limited.
However, an arbitrator can award the same damages and relief on an individual basis that a court can award to an individual.
and an arbitrator must also follow the terms of these Terms, as a court would.
All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except that issues relating to arbitrability and the scope or enforceability of this agreement to arbitrate shall be for a court of competent jurisdiction to decide.
Arbitration shall take place in Washington, DC, unless We elect otherwise.

15.2.
The arbitrator will decide the substance of all claims in accordance with the laws of the District of Columbia, without regard to any conflict-of-law rules or the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
The arbitrator shall not be bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving different Site users, but is bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving the same Site user to the extent required by applicable law.
The arbitrator’s award shall be final and binding, and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
Payment of all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA’s rules, unless otherwise stated in this Agreement to Arbitrate.
If the value of the relief sought is $10,000 or less, at your request, we will pay all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees associated with the arbitration.
Any request for payment of fees by Us should be submitted by mail to the AAA along with your demand for arbitration and We will make arrangements to pay all necessary fees directly to the AAA.
If the value of the relief sought is more than $10,000 and you are able to demonstrate that the costs of accessing arbitration will be prohibitive as compared to the costs of accessing a court for purposes of pursuing litigation on an individual basis, we will pay as much of the filing, administration, and arbitrator fees as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the costs of accessing arbitration from being prohibitive.
In the event the arbitrator determines the claim(s) you assert in the arbitration to be frivolous, you agree to reimburse Us for all fees associated with the arbitration paid by Us on your behalf that you otherwise would be obligated to pay under the AAA’s rules.
If an arbitrator or court decides that any part of this agreement to arbitrate is invalid or unenforceable, the other parts of this agreement to arbitrate shall still apply.

15.3.
You can choose to reject this agreement to arbitrate by mailing Us a written opt-out notice (“Opt-Out Notice”).
The Opt-Out Notice must be postmarked no later than thirty days after the date you accept these Terms of Use for the first time.
You must complete the Opt-Out Notice form by providing the information called for in the form, including your name, address (including street number and address, city, state, and zip code), phone number, and the email address used to log in to the G.
Brown account to which the opt-out applies.
You must sign the Opt-Out Notice for it to be effective.
This procedure is the only way you can opt out of the agreement to arbitrate.
If you opt out of the agreement to arbitrate, all other parts of these Terms of Use will continue to apply.
Opting out of this agreement to arbitrate has no effect on any previous, other, or future arbitration agreements that you may have with Us.

16.
Governing Law.

16.1.
Without limiting the terms of Section 15, these Terms and use of the Site are governed by the laws of the District of Columbia, without regard to Washington, DC conflict of laws rules.
If the arbitration agreement is deemed unenforceable or void, you irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts in Washington, DC, for purposes of any legal action arising out of or related to the use of the Site or these Terms.

17.
Miscellaneous.

17.1.
The Site is controlled and operated from within the United States.
Without limiting anything else, we make no representation that the Site, Site Content, User Content, services, products, information or other materials available on, in, or through the Site is appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to them from territories where they are illegal is prohibited.
Those who choose to access the Site from outside the United States do so on their own will and are responsible for compliance with applicable laws.

17.2.
These Terms, including the Privacy and Cookie Notice , constitute the whole legal agreement between you and Portable.TV and govern your use of the Site and any transactions you may have with Portable.TV through the Site and completely replaces and supersedes any prior agreements or understanding, arrangements, undertaking or proposal, written or oral, between you and Portable.TV in relation to such matters.
No oral explanation or oral information given by any party shall alter the interpretation of these Terms.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you understand that Portable.TV may make changes to these Terms from time to time.
Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to these Terms will be considered your consent to those changes.
When these changes are made, Portable.TV will make a new copy of the Terms available on the Site.
You agree that Portable.TV is under no obligation to provide you with notices regarding changes to the Terms.
You understand that it is your responsibility to check the Terms regularly for changes.

17.3.
The failure of Portable.TV to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms will not operate as a waiver of any such right or provision.
The section titles in the Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of the Terms does not affect or impair in any way the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein.
No person or entity not party to this agreement will be deemed to be a third-party beneficiary of these Terms or any provision hereof.
When used herein, the words “includes” and “including” and their syntactical variations shall be deemed followed by the words “without limitation.

17.4.
If you have any questions about the Terms, write to

 Portable.TV

 c/o T&R Productions, LLC

 Email us at: support@portable.tv

 Dated: December 18th, 2019

 * T&R Productions, LLC

 Copyright © 2019 T&R Productions, LLC All rights reserved.

