
Terms of Service
Last updated:2020.05.07
The following terms of service (the Terms) govern the access to and use of all the services (the Service) provided by PotatoVPN (us), including our website, software, and applications.
You (Users) may not use the Service if you disagree with any part of the Terms, accordingly, please read them carefully and make sure nothing missed.
If you have any questions, please contact us at support@potatovpn.io
1.
Consent
By visiting, installing or using the Service, you understand and consent to be legally bound by the Terms.
By agreeing to the Terms, you are also agreeing to be bound by our Privacy Policy
We may amend the Terms from time to time, continued visiting, installing or using the Service after each amendment in effect means that you understand and consent to the revised Terms.
The Service is direct to users aged 18 and above, if you are under 18, you may not use the Service and your consent will be invalid.
2.
Service Level
The Service is provided on an "AS IS", and “AS AVAILABLE” basis, we disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied.
We make no warranty that the Service will meet your requirements, or that the Service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free.
We make no guarantee as to the results to be obtained from the use of the Service.
You understand and consent that your access to or use of the Service is at your sole discretion and risk.
You agree neither to hold PotatoVPN responsible nor to seek indemnification for any damages that may arise as a result of the loss of use, data, or profits connected to the performance of the Service or failure in such performance.
3.
Prohibited Uses
Your access to and use of the Service is subject to the Terms and all applicable laws.
You may use the Service only in lawful and reasonable ways.
You guarantee to not misuse, abuse, or fraudulently use of the Service by:
infringement or misappropriation of any intellectual property rights;
spamming, or other offensive or harassing conduct;
publishing or sharing materials that advocate bigotry, religious, racial or ethnic hatred;
defamation, libel, slander, obscenity, pornography, or violation of the rights of privacy of publicity;
illegal or unauthorized access to other computers or networks;
reproduction or distribution of Internet viruses, worms or other destructive activities;
violations of the Terms, all applicable laws, or others' rights and freedom.
If you appear to infringe the Terms or any applicable laws, we may terminate your use, limit access to the Service or cancel the Service to you without notice, in our sole discretion.
4.
Disclaimers
We do not monitor and disclaim all liability and responsibility for the content of any communications transmitted via the Service and disclaim all liability and responsibility for unauthorized use, infringement, illegal or misuse of the Service.
You, as the end user, shall and agree to be solely liable and responsible for any and all of the results arising from your use of the Service.
5.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold PotatoVPN, and its affiliates, stockholders, officers, directors and employees harmless from and against any costs, liabilities, losses, and expenses, including but not limited to reasonable attorney's fee and costs resulting from or arising out of any claim, suit, action or proceeding brought against us and our affiliates alleging, with respect to your use of the Service, including but not limited to your violation of the Terms and all applicable laws.
6.Governing Law
Claims arising from the Terms or the Service shall be construed and controlled by the law of Singapore, without regard to conflict of law provisions.
