
        Prezi Cookie PolicyLast Updated Date: May 17, 2019
In common with most other websites, Prezi Inc.
(“Prezi”, “we” or “us”) uses cookies to provide a seamless user experience and help us understand how people use our website and mobile applications so that we can keep improving our platform and service.
In the spirit of transparency, we have created this cookie policy (in accordance with our privacy policy, click here: https://prezi.com/privacy-policy) to provide you with clear and explicit information about the cookies that we use and your choices when it comes to these technologies.
This cookie policy applies to our website and mobile applications (collectively, the “Website”).
By accessing and continuing to use the Website on any device, you are consenting to our use of cookies in accordance with this cookie policy.
If you do not agree to our use of cookies in this way, you should set your browser settings accordingly (see below: How can I control or delete cookies?).What are cookies and what are they used for?A cookie is a small string of information that the website you visit transfers to your computer for identification purposes.
Cookies can be used to follow your activity throughout the Website and that information helps us to understand your preferences and improve your experience.
Prezi cookies do not collect personal information from you, and we do not combine the general information collected through cookies with other personal information you may provide to personally identify you.What types of cookies do we use?On the Website, both first-party and third-party cookies are allowed.
First-party cookies are cookies that are set by Prezi.
Third-party cookies are set by a domain other than ours.
Prezi cookies may be session cookies and persistent cookies.
Session cookies are temporary cookies that remain on your device only until you leave the Website.
A persistent cookie remains on your device for the period specified in the cookie or until you manually delete it.
Based on their function, our Website uses the following categories of cookies:

Strictly necessary cookies (security, payment): These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the Website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the Website.
Without these cookies, the services you have asked for, like shopping baskets or e-billing, cannot be provided.
Performance cookies (analytics, A/B testing): These cookies allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the Website when they’re using it.
This helps us to improve the way the Website works, for example by making sure users are finding what they need easily.
Functionality: These cookies allow the Website to remember the choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) to provide a more personalized online experience.
These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customize.
They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or asking questions and commenting thereon.
Advertising cookies: These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests.
They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as to help measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns.
They are usually placed by advertising networks with Prezi’s – as the Website operator’s – permission.
They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers.
Quite often advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by third parties.
How can I control or delete cookies?You can see the cookie list and change your cookie settings here, or you can turn off all cookies, if you prefer not to receive them.
You can also have your computer warn you whenever cookies are being used.
Most internet browsers are initially set up to automatically accept cookies.
You can change the settings to block cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent to your device.
There are a number of ways to manage cookies.
Please refer to documentation provided with your web browser (e.g., Firefox, Safari, Chrome, or Internet Explorer) for information on enabling cookies.
There are also software products available that can manage cookies for you.
If you use different devices to view and access the Website (e.g.
your computer, smartphone, tablet etc.) you will need to ensure that each browser on each device is adjusted to suit your cookie preferences.
Please be aware, however, that when you choose to reject cookies, this choice may limit the functionality of the Website and you may lose access to some of its features.
