
         PriceCharting Terms of Service  This document contains the terms and conditions of use on PriceCharting. Our privacy policy outlines how we handle and protect your personal information.

 This side is the actual terms of service.
It is legally binding.

 This side is a summary.
It is not legally binding.
 Acceptance of Terms  By accessing PriceCharting.com ("Site") or using any services available on the Site you agree to be bound by these terms ("Terms").
If you disagree with any part of the terms you may not access the Site.
 Summary,  By using PriceCharting you agree to the terms and conditions on this page.
 Service Offered  The Site is an online resource allowing users to view current and historic video game prices, track video game collections, and buy and sell video game in our marketplace ("Services").

 PriceCharting provides information that you may decide to follow or not.
On the marketplace, we help facilitate transactions but the contract for sale is between the buyer and seller.
PriceCharting does not guarantee the existence, quality, legality, accuracy, or content of listings or the the products in the listings.
Use caution and common sense when entering into transactions on the marketplace.
 Summary,  We operate a site that helps you price, collect, buy, &amp.
sell video games.

 On the marketplace, you are making a contract with the other person in the transaction, not with us.
Use caution when making a transaction.
 User Conduct &amp.
Marketplace Acceptable Use  All listings or other content submitted on the Site is the sole responsibility of the user and not PriceCharting.
You agree to maintain and provide accurate information when you submit content.
PriceCharting does not control or verify user submitted content.

 Sellers on the marketplace agree to fulfill their sales in a timely fashion.
Buyers have an obligation to pay for the items they purchase.

 You will not use the Service for any purpose that is illegal in the jurisdiction where you use the Service.
You will not use the Service in ways prohibited by these Terms.
Violations are grounds for closing your account and/or deleting your listings at the sole discretion of PriceCharting.

 When using the service you will NOT:


 Post or upload items in inappropriate categories.

 Post inaccurate, misleading, or libellous content.

 Spam users on the site.

 Violate any laws.

 Collect information about users without their consent.



 Summary,  You can't use the site to do something illegal in your country.
For example, selling bootlegged video games.
If you sell a video game on the marketplace you will ship it.

 If you do something bad, we have the right to close your account.
 Content Ownership  When you submit content to the Site you retain full ownership of the content.
You promise that our use of this content will not violate the rights of any third party, including, but not limited to, copyrights, intellectual property rights, and privacy rights.

 You grant PriceCharting the right to store, display, and use the content.
This right is non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, and royalty-free.
 Summary,  You still own any content you upload.
We just use it for the purposes of running our site and marketplace.
 Price Data Acceptable Use  All Price Data on the site is sole ownership of PriceCharting.
You may not republish, redistribute, or reuse the price data without explicitly citing PriceCharting as the source.

 PriceCharting price data may be integrated with POS (Point of Sale) systems that and marketed, sold, and distributed to third parties.
POS integrations must verify that each store location accessing the data has a valid and current PriceCharting premium subscription.
 Summary,  You can use the price data for your personal needs or internal business purposes.
You cannot resell the data or redistribute the data unless you cite us as the source.

 You can use our price data with any POS (Point of Sale) system but each store location using the POS must have PriceCharting subscription.
 Payment  Some Services on the site require payment.
In order to use these Services you must provide PriceCharting with your credit card information.
By submitting card info you warrant to PriceCharting that you are authorized to use the credit card submitted.
You agree to have your credit card charged on a monthly basis for any recurring services.

 All payments are facilitated through a third party payment service, Stripe and PayPal.
You agree to the payment processor's terms of service when you pay PriceCharting for our services, when you receive payment for a sale on the marketplace, or purchase something on the marketplace.
 Summary,  If you choose to use premium services on the site you will pay for them.

 Whenever money changes hands, you agree to our payment processor's terms of service.
 Closing Accounts  We may terminate any and all Services and/or accounts immediately without prior notice or liability, for any reason, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
Upon termination you may no longer use the Services.

 You may terminate your account by discontinuing use, or closing your account.
All provisions which should survive termination shall survive, including, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, limitations of liability, and indemnity.
 Summary,  We can stop providing services at any time.
You can stop using our services at any time.
 Revision  PriceCharting retains the right to modify or replace terms in this agreement at any time at our sole discretion.
We will notify you of material changes by posting on the Site.
What constitutes a material change is at our sole discretion.
Use of the Site and Services after material changes constitutes your acceptance of the Terms as modified.
 Summary,  Some day we might need to change the terms.
If we do we will let you know.
 Accessing the Site  Your access to the Site may be interrupted due to maintenance, malfunction, acts of god, or other causes.
PriceCharting reserves the right to suspend or discontinue the Site for any reason without prior notice or liability.
 Summary,  Sometimes things go wrong and you might lose access to the Site.
Potentially forever if things go really bad.
 Limitation of Liability  You hereby expressly and irrevocably release and forever discharge PriceCharting, and its respective directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, independent and dependent contractors, licensees, successors and assigns of and from any and all actions, causes of action, suits, proceedings, liability, debts, judgments, claims and demands whatsoever in law or equity which you ever had, now have, or hereafter can, shall or may have, for or by reason of, or arising directly or indirectly out of your use of the Site and the Services.

 In no event shall PriceCharting be liable under contract, tort, strict liability, negligence or other Legal theory with respect to the Site or Services for (i) any lost profit or indirect punitive, or consequential damages, {ii) to provide substitute goods or services, or (iii) for any direct damages.
 Summary,  We are not liable if something bad happens because you used the site.
 Dispute Resolution  Both parties agree that the Terms shall be governed in accordance with the laws of Carbon County, Wyoming as if both parties were residents thereof.
Both parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of Carbon County, Wyoming courts.
 Summary,  If there is a dispute, we will resolve it where we are based, in Carbon County, Wyoming.

 
