
         Skip to content 
OFFICE 365
PRICING
HELP
TEMPLATES
DOWNLOAD
ACCOUNT
APP
 Toggle Navigation Toggle Navigation 
OFFICE 365
PRICING
HELP
TEMPLATES
DOWNLOAD
ACCOUNT
APP
 Privacy Policy YOUR PRIVACY IS OUR PRIORITY
Built on world class web services, we take your privacy seriously.
Effective May 10, 2018.
 Summary
We respect your privacy and take data collection seriously.
We will not disclose your emails or private information to third parties for private gains.
We will do what we can to protect your data.
We are in the business of providing services
and our goal is to build a trusting relationship.
We collect aggregate data like favorite color choices,
geographic locations, or usage data that is needed for use of advanced product features,
like Cloud Sync, or to improve our products for you and future customers.
We will promptly, permanently remove any information that you no longer want shared upon request.
Privacy Policy
Appfluence values your right to control what information you do or do not want others to see.
There is a trade-off between making it easy to find new groups, events, and friends,
and making information available to unwanted individuals or corporations.
Appfluence recognizes that people have their own comfort level with privacy,
and we give users a number of controls over how much information they want to make public.
By using Appfluence, you certify that you have read, understand, and agree with the provisions
of our privacy policy.
Information Appfluence Collects
Appfluence collects the following types of information, some of which can be considered personal:


Aggregate data that is not personally identifiable for marketing and/or product enhancement.
This may be shared with a third party.

Project information that is synchronized to our servers, where it is stored to provide backup and sync services for a given user account.
We do not share this information with anyone outside Appfluence.

Device id, ip and email address, for the purpose of differentiating user accounts.
This information is never given to a third party.

Email address, in order to message our users about assignments, deadlines and other important notifications from the system, as well as invoices, training sessions and other information about or products.
This information is never given to a third party without consent.

Data Access, Retention and Deletion
Users can access all their data, and export a machine-readable bundle file using our account management console.
We will promptly honor requests to delete all data on any user, complying as soon as possible, but in any case
within one month since your request.
Simply contact our privacy address listed below and we will be happy to assist.
We store user data in data centers provided and managed by Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure.
Unless otherwise
stated, all our data resides in data centers inside the United States.
Data is secured both in transit and at rest
by industry standard encryption algorithms.
More details are available upon qualified inquiries.
Appfluence retains user data for the duration of an account’s active lifetime.
User data will be deleted upon request by the account owner, or after seven (7) years without account activity,
following sufficient notice to the user via email, in order to facilitate reactivation or data exporting if necessary.
What are your data protection rights?
Appfluence would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights.
Every user is entitled to the following: The right to access: You have the right to request Appfluence for copies of your personal data.
We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification: You have the right to request that Appfluence correct any information you believe is inaccurate.
You also have the right to request Appfluence to complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that Appfluence erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing: You have the right to request that Appfluence restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing: You have the right to object to Appfluence’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability: You have the right to request that Appfluence transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
Opinion Sharing
By emailing us, you allow us to share any positive reviews, comments, and enthusiasm to others.
Eligibility
Appfluence does not knowingly solicit or collect information from children under the age of 16.
If you are under the age of 16, do not register with Appfluence.
If we learn that a user has registered in violation of this policy and we have collected information
for a child under 16, or if we learn that a user between the age of 16 and 18 has registered
without parental consent, we will delete this information as quickly as possible.
Changes to Policy
In the event that Appfluence changes its privacy policy, we will notify our users by asking them
to sign the User Agreement again, or by email.
Missing Information
If we have inadvertently failed to address certain privacy policies,
please notify us and we will resolve it as soon as possible.
Questions about Privacy
If you have questions about our privacy policy, contact us at
support+privacy@appfluence.com.
We are fully GDPR compliant and offer a series of self-serve mechanisms for users to access their data.
Our Data Protection Officer is Pablo Diaz-Gutierrez.
Written inquiries can be sent to: Appfluence Inc
2627 Hanover St
Palo Alto, CA 94304
USA 
Home
Blog
Office 365 Apps
Outlook
Microsoft Teams
Contact Us
Affiliate Program

Copyright © 2020 Appfluence Inc.
All Rights Reserved.
All other trademarks are owned by their respective owners.
Terms of use and EULA | Privacy
