
Our privacy policy is very simple as we do what we can to collect as little information about our visitors.

In fact, we don’t collect anything at all
! No IP addresses.
No cookies.
Nothing at all! According our opinion there is a simple rule to follow – the less information we have the less can be leaked.
Our site is set up with the tool webbkoll.dataskydd.net in mind.
According this tool our site has a quite good rating.
You can scan our site here.
We use a Let’s Encrypt certificate for https encryption.
SSL Labs gives this certificate Grade A+. Screenshot from SSL Labs privacynow.eu is hosted by One.com Group AB, a Swedish company.
The servers are located in Denmark.
The Data Processor Agreement (DPA) can be found here, but as we don’t collect any personal data we actually don’t need a DPA.
Of course we have to realise One.com Group AB log what you as visitor to privacynow.eu do while visiting our site.
This page explains a bit what One.com Group AB log. Who we are We are a group of private individual who care about integrity and privacy.
We have no commercial interest and we do not receive any money or anything with money value to operate this site.
Our website address is: https://privacynow.eu/. What personal data we collect and why we collect it It’s very simple – we collect nothing about our visitors.
And we never will. Cookies and third-party requests Our site don’t use cookies and we don’t make any third-party request.
And it never will! Analytics We don’t use any tool to analyse visitors.
No Google Analytics.
Never! Who we share your data with Well… We don’t have anything to share… Contact information In case you want to get in touch with us about what information we don’t keep about you, send an e-mail to info@privacynow.eu. What data breach procedures we have in place In case a data breach come to our attention we will let the proper authority know that we have nothing to report.
We will send this report to Datainspektionen, Box 8114, 104 20 Stockholm, Sweden. What third parties we receive data from None.
We don’t receive anything.
From anyone.


















