
        Our Commitment to User Privacy: This Policy describes how Privacy.com protects and manages your personal data, including: 

 What data we collect when you sign-up for, use, or engage with any of our applications, products, services or websites (collectively "Services").

How we manage data from the beginning of your engagement forward;
The choices you have regarding how data is managed.
We Limit Use of Your Personal Data:
To providing, maintaining and improving our Services;
To communicating with you about new and existing Services;
 To protect the legal rights, property and safety of our Services and users.

Sharing Personal Data with Merchants: We may be required to share your data with a merchant if you open a Payment Dispute for a transaction with said merchant.
We Collect and Use Data:Data You Provide:
 Your name, email address, phone number, birth date, last four digits of social security number, payment card and bank information as well as other information you may be asked to provide when signing-up for an account, providing identity verification or engaging in a transaction.

Other Data:

 Transaction Data: when, where and how a transaction takes place including, but not limited to, the devices and payment methods used.

 Device Data: hardware model, operating system, unique device identifiers, mobile network data as well as other data generated by a device's interaction with our Services.

Location Data: to prevent fraudulent use of our Services;
 User Data: browser data, Internet Protocol ("IP") addresses and other data describing user engagement.

 Cookies: small data files we may store on your computer or mobile device memory to help us manage your engagement with our Services, including gathering aggregated data about engagement.

 Beacons: small electronic images we may use in our Services and emails to deliver cookies and measure user engagement.

We Share Personal Data Under Controlled Circumstances:
 With third parties, within the United States and in other countries, who may access data about you to perform functions on our behalf.

 With financial institutions, processors, payment card associations and other entities that are involved in the payment process.

 With government and law enforcement where reasonably necessary to comply with applicable law, regulation, legal process, governmental request.

 With others where reasonably necessary to protect the security or integrity of our Services or user safety.

 In Connection with, or during the negotiation of, any merger, sale of company stock or assets, financing, acquisition, divestiture or dissolution of all or a portion of our business.

With your consent.

 We may share data that is not personally identifiable with third parties.
Security: We take reasonable measures, including administrative, technical and physical safeguards to help protect your personal data from loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.

 We maintain strict security standards and procedures with a view to preventing unauthorized access to your data by anyone, including our staff.
We use leading technologies such as (but not limited to) data encryption, firewalls and server authentication to protect the security of your data.
Our staff and third parties whenever we hire them to provide support services, are required to observe our privacy standards and to allow us to audit them for compliance.
Choices:
 Personal Data: You can change or correct data about yourself through your Privacy.com account at any time or by emailing us at support@privacy.com.
You can also email us if you wish to deactivate your account.
We may retain data about you for a period of time consistent with applicable law.

 Location Data: Our mobile applications require location data.
If you do not grant us access to this data then you cannot use our Services.
If you grant access to location data but later revoke this access your mobile device will no longer be able to use our Services.
You may also uninstall our Services to stop collection of location data.

 Cookies: You can set your browser to reject cookies but our Services may not function properly in this setting.

 Marketing: You can opt-out of email or text messages by following instructions in these messages.
If you opt-out we may still send you messages regarding transactions and services related to our ongoing business relationship.

 Notifications: Our Services may ask you for permission to send notifications to your device.
Our services will still work if you do not grant us permission to send you notifications.

 Website Tracking: Certain websites you visit may provide options regarding advertisements you receive.
For more information or to opt out of certain online behavioral advertising, please visit http://www.aboutads.info.

 Do Not Track: Some browsers support a “Do Not Track” feature, which is intended to be a signal to websites that you do not wish to be tracked across different websites you visit.
Our Services do not currently change the way they operate based upon detection of a Do Not Track or similar signal.

Cookies and Tracking Technologies: We and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and gather information about our user base, such as location information based on IP addresses.
You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level.
For more information regarding cookies or similar technologies, please review our Cookie Policy.
Third-Party Data: The Services contain hyperlinks to other websites or locations that we do not control and are operated and controlled by third parties (“Third-Party Websites”).
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to these Third-Party Websites and we make no representations regarding the policies or business practices of any such Third-Party Websites.
California Residents: California law allows California residents to request information about personal data we disclose to third parties for direct marketing purposes.
However, Privacy.com does not disclose personal data to third parties for direct marketing purposes.

 If you have any questions please contact us via any of the methods below.


Last updated: May 24, 2018

