
         Notices and Disclaimers  Privacy Guides is provided with good intentions on an "as-is" basis, without warranty, and disclaiming liability for damages.

Section 1
Legal Disclaimer Privacy Guides is not a law firm.
As such, the Privacy Guides website and contributors are not providing legal advice.
The material and recommendations in our website and guides do not constitute legal advice nor does contributing to the website or communicating with Privacy Guides or other contributors about our website create an attorney-client relationship.
Running this website, like any human endeavor, involves uncertainty and trade-offs.
We hope this website helps, but it may include mistakes, and can’t address every situation.
If you have any questions about your situation, we encourage you to do your own research, seek out other experts, and engage in discussions with the Privacy Guides community.
If you have any legal questions, you should consult with your own legal counsel before moving forward.
Privacy Guides is an open source project contributed to under licenses that include terms that, for the protection of the website and its contributors, make clear that the Privacy Guides project and website is offered “as-is”, without warranty, and disclaiming liability for damages resulting from using the website or any recommendations contained within.
Privacy Guides does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on the website or otherwise relating to such materials on the website or on any third-party sites linked on this site.
Privacy Guides additionally does not warrant that this website will be constantly available, or available at all.
Section 2
Licenses Unless otherwise noted, all content on this website is made freely available under the terms of the Creative Commons CC0 1.0 Universal.
This does not include third-party code embedded in this repository, or code where a superseding license is otherwise noted.
The following are notable examples, but this list may not be all-inclusive:

Sortable is under the MIT license.
See: github.com/HubSpot/sortable/raw/master/LICENSE
The PrivacyTools fonts and icons are under ISC license.
See: github.com/privacytools/privacytools.io/blob/master/font/LICENSE.

Portions of this notice itself were adopted from opensource.guide on GitHub.
That resource and this page itself are released under CC-BY-4.0.
This means that you can use the human-readable content in this repository for your own project, per the terms outlined in the CC0 1.0 Universal text.
You may not use the Privacy Guides branding in your own project without express approval from this project.
Privacy Guides’s brand trademarks include the “Privacy Guides” wordmark and shield logo.
We believe that the logos and other images in assets obtained from third-party providers are either in the public domain or fair use.
In a nutshell, legal fair use doctrine allows the use of copyrighted image in order to identify the subject matter for purposes of public comment.
However, these logos and other images may still be subject to trademark laws in one or more jurisdictions.
Before using this content, please ensure that it is used to identify the entity or organization that owns the trademark and that you have the right to use it under the laws which apply in the circumstances of your intended use.
When copying content from this website, you are solely responsible for ensuring that you do not infringe someone else’s trademark or copyright.

When you contribute to this repository you are doing so under the above licenses.
Section 3
Acceptable Use You may not use this website in any way that causes or may cause damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of Privacy Guides, or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent, or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent, or harmful purpose or activity.
You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities on or in relation to this website without express written consent from Aragon Ventures LLC, including:

Excessive Automated Scans
Denial of Service Attacks
Scraping
Data Mining
‘Framing’ (IFrames)




 Home 
 Terms And Notices 


 View on GitHub 

Privacy Guides is a socially motivated website that provides information for protecting your data security and privacy.





 Unless otherwise noted, the original content on this website is made available under a CC0 1.0 Universal Public Domain Dedication.


This content was made available by the Privacy Guides team and contributors.
Get involved! | Open an Issue | Privacy Policy | Website Terms &amp.
Notices

