
        Cookie Policy Pay With Privacy, Inc.
(“Privacy”) and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer and record users’ movements during your visit to our website or use of our Services, and gather information about you, where you access our website or Services and how you use our Services.
What are Cookies and Does Privacy Use Them? Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites and services that you visit or access.
They are widely used to make websites and services work and function with greater efficiency, and to provide information about our users experience during use of, or interaction with, our websites, and Services.
Some cookies last only for the duration of your web session and expire when you exit your browser.
other cookies may last for longer than your web session, including after you exit your browser, for example by remembering you when you return to our website.
The table below explains the cookies that Privacy and our third party partners use and why.
CookiePurposePracticeFunctional CookiePreferences and Settings These cookies are used to record a user’s choice and settings that enable our websites and Services to operate correctly or that maintain your preferences over time and may be stored on your device.
Functional CookieSign in and Authentication When you sign into a website or Service using your Privacy account, we store a unique ID number, and the time you signed in, in an encrypted cookie on your device.
This cookie allows you to move from page to page within the website without having to sign in again on each page.
You can also save your sign-in information, so you do not have to sign in each time you return to the site.
Analytics CookieAnalytics To provide our products and improve your user experience on our websites and with our Services, Privacy uses cookies and other identifiers to gather usage and performance data.
For example, we use cookies to count the number of unique visitors to a web page or service or to our blog and to develop other statistics about the operations of our Services.
This may include cookies from Privacy and from third-party providers.
We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve our websites and Services.
How to Control Cookies Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but provide controls that allow you to block or delete them.
For example, in most modern browsers, you can block or delete cookies by clicking Settings &gt.
Privacy &gt.
Cookies.
Instructions for blocking or deleting cookies in other browsers may be available in each browser's privacy or help documentation.
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.

 Certain features of Privacy’s Services depend on cookies.
Please be aware that if you choose to block cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use those features, and preferences that are dependent on cookies may be lost.
If you choose to delete cookies, settings and preferences controlled by those cookies, including advertising preferences, will be deleted and may need to be recreated.

 If you have any questions please contact us via any of the methods below.


Last updated: May 24, 2018

