
        PRIVACY STATEMENTLast Updated: October 22, 2012This Privacy Policy ("Policy") explains how personal information is collected, used and disclosed by Professional Recreation Organization, Inc.
(d/b/a PRO Sports Club and 20/20 Lifestyles) and our subsidiaries and affiliated companies with respect to your use of our websites ("Sites") and our mobile applications and other online services ("Services").
We reserve the right to change this Policy at any time.
We will notify you when changes have been made to the Policy by indicating the date that it was last updated.
We encourage you to review this Policy from time to time to make sure you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Please note that we are not responsible for the privacy of any information you reveal or post in any public forum (e.g., message boards, blog profiles, etc.) or for the privacy practices of websites that are operated or owned by third parties.Please note that we also have a HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices which describes our privacy practices with respect to protected health information we collect.
To request a copy of our HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices, please contact hipaaprivacy@proclub.com.COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe collect certain information you provide to us, such as when you sign up to become a registered user or subscriber, use 20/20 BeWell-20/20 LifeStyles Online to track your meals, fitness and lifestyle, send us an email or otherwise communicate with us through the Sites or Services, complete any forms on our Sites or Services, participate in our forums or blogs, or make a purchase.
Such information may include your email address, name, address, telephone number, gender, date of birth and other contact, demographic, nutritional or fitness information you choose to provide.
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect on our Sites or through our Services.When you visit our Sites and Services, some information is automatically collected.
This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses.
We also collect information about your usage and activity on our Sites and Services.We may also use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience.
A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server.
We use cookies to help us improve our Sites and Services and your experience, including to provide convenience and to save you time.
For example, if you personalize 20/20 Lifestyles pages, or register with our Sites or Services, a cookie helps us remember you so you don't have to re-enter your information.
Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies by default, but you can usually modify your browser setting to remove or reject cookies if you prefer.
If you choose to remove or reject cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Sites or Services you visit.We may also collect information using Web beacons.
Web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our Sites and in our Services and emails.
We may use Web beacons to deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and to tell if an email has been opened and acted upon.Finally, if you decide to connect your 20/20 Lifestyles account to Microsoft® HealthVault™, you authorize us to access health-related information about you that is stored with Microsoft® HealthVault™.
You may independently view the privacy statement of Microsoft® HealthVault™ to determine how HealthVault collects, stores and uses your health information.We may store and process personal information in the United States and other countries.USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe use your personal information for the purposes described in this Policy or elsewhere on our Sites or Services.
For example, we may use personal information we collect:
to operate and improve the Sites and Services and to customize your experience;
to respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
to provide and deliver the products and services you request, including to process your orders and payments;
to send you confirmations, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
to inform you of upcoming events and other products or services available from us and our affiliates;
to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered;
to request feedback and otherwise contact you about your use of the Sites and Services;
to notify you of important changes to our Sites or Services.
and
for any other purpose for which the information was collected.
SHARING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe will not share the personal information we collect from you with third parties, except as described in this Policy or elsewhere on our Sites or Services.
For example, we may share personal information as follows:
when you give us your consent to do so;
with vendors, consultants, dieticians, personal trainers and other service providers who are engaged by or working with us to operate the Sites or Services and/or to provide and deliver the products and services you request;
to comply with laws or respond to lawful requests or legal processes;
to protect and defend our rights or property and the rights or property of our site users, members, employees, agents and other third parties including to enforce our agreements, policies and Terms of Use;
in an emergency situation to protect our personal safety and the personal safety of our site users, members, employees, agents or the public.
and
in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of our company assets, financing or acquisition, or in any other situation involving the transfer of all or part of our business assets.
We may also share aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify you.SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe take reasonable measures to help protect your personal information in an effort to prevent loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.YOUR CHOICESYou may "opt out" of receiving marketing or promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails.
If you opt out of receiving promotional emails, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations.CONTACT INFORMATIONIf you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at sbuxton@proclub.com.
      