
        
EU General Data Protection Regulation This policy outlines Proctorio's compliance to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Introduction
The EU General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") came into force across the European Union on May 25, 2018, and brought significant changes to data protection law.
Based on privacy by design and taking a risk-based approach, GDPR is designed to meet the requirements of the digital age.
The 21st Century brings with it broader use of technology, new definitions of what constitutes personal data, and a vast increase in cross-border processing.
GDPR aims to standardize data protection laws and processing across the EU.
affording individuals stronger, more consistent rights to access and control their personal information. Our Commitment
Proctorio is committed to ensuring the security and protection of the personal information that we process, and to provide a compliant and consistent approach to data protection.
We have always had a robust and effective data protection program in place that exceeds existing laws and abides by the most robust data protection principles.
We hereby recognize our obligations and support the demands of GDPR.
Proctorio is dedicated to safeguarding the personal information under our remit and in developing a data protection regime that is effective, fit for purpose and demonstrates an understanding of, and appreciation for GDPR.
We have developed and implemented of data protection roles, policies, procedures, controls and measures to ensure maximum and ongoing compliance. How We Comply with GDPR
Proctorio has a high level of data protection and security across our organisation.
We perform and continue to perform the following:


Information Audit – from time to time, we carry out a company-wide information audit to identify and assess what personal information we hold, where it comes from, how and why it is processed and if and to whom it is disclosed.

Policies &amp.
Procedures – We monitor GDPR and update data protection policies and procedures to meet the requirements and standards of the GDPR and any relevant data protection laws, including:

Data Protection – our main policy and procedure documents for data protection have been overhauled to meet the standards and requirements of GDPR.
Accountability and governance measures are in place to ensure that we understand and adequately disseminate and evidence our obligations and responsibilities.
Proctorio maintains a dedicated focus on privacy by design and the rights of individuals.

Data Retention &amp.
Erasure – we have updated our retention policy and schedule to ensure that we meet the ‘data minimization’ and ‘storage limitation’ principles and that personal information is stored, archived and destroyed compliantly and ethically.
We have dedicated erasure procedures in place to meet the new ‘Right To Be Forgotten’ obligation and are aware of when this and other data subject’s rights apply.
along with any exemptions, response time frames and notification responsibilities.

Data Breaches – we have safeguards and measures in place to identify, assess, investigate and report any personal data breach at the earliest possible time.
Our procedures are robust and disseminated to all employees, making them aware of the reporting lines and steps to follow.

International Data Transfers &amp.
Third-Party Disclosures – where Proctorio stores or transfers personal information outside the EU, we have robust procedures and safeguarding measures in place to secure, encrypt and maintain the integrity of the personal information.
Our procedures include a continual review of the countries with sufficient adequacy decisions, as well as provisions for binding corporate rules.
standard data protection clauses or approved codes of conduct for those countries without.
We carry out strict due diligence checks with all recipients of personal information to assess and verify that they have appropriate safeguards in place to protect the information, ensure enforceable data subject rights and have effective legal remedies for data subjects where applicable.

Subject Access Request (SAR) – we have revised our SAR procedures to accommodate the revised 30-day time frame for providing the requested information and for making this provision free of charge.
Our procedures detail how to verify the data subject, what steps to take for processing an access request, what exemptions apply and a suite of response templates to ensure that communications with data subjects are compliant, consistent and adequate.

Legal Basis for Processing – we reviewed all processing activities to identify the legal basis for processing and ensuring that each basis is appropriate for the related activity.
Where applicable, we also maintain records of our processing activities, ensuring that our obligations under Article 30 of GDPR and Schedule 1 of the Data Protection Bill are met.

Privacy Notice/Policy – we have revised our Privacy Notices to comply with GDPR, ensuring that all individuals whose personal information we process have been informed of why we need it, how it is used, what their rights are, who the information is disclosed to and what safeguarding measures are in place to protect their information.

Direct Marketing – we have revised the wording and processes for direct marketing, including clear opt-in mechanisms for marketing subscriptions, a clear notice and method for opting out and providing unsubscribe features on all subsequent marketing materials.

Data Protection Impact Assessments (DPIA) – where we process personal information that is considered high risk, involves large scale processing or includes special category/criminal conviction data.
we have developed stringent procedures and assessment templates for carrying out impact assessments that comply fully with GDPR’s Article 35 requirements.
We have implemented documentation processes that record each assessment, allow us to rate the risk posed by the processing activity and implement mitigating measures to reduce the risk posed to the data subjects.

Processor Agreements – where we use any third-party to process personal information on our behalf (i.e.
Payroll, Recruitment, Hosting, etc.), we have drafted compliant Processor Agreements and due diligence procedures for ensuring that they (as well as we), meet and understand their/our GDPR obligations.
These measures include initial and ongoing reviews of the service provided, the necessity of the processing activity, the technical and organizational measures in place and compliance with GDPR.

Special Categories Data – where we obtain and process any special category information, we do so in compliance with the Article 9 requirements and have high-level encryptions and protections on all such data.
Special category data is only processed where necessary and is only processed when we have first identified the appropriate Article 9(2) basis or the Data Protection Bill Schedule 1 condition.
 Data Subject Rights
In addition to the policies and procedures mentioned above that ensure individuals can enforce their data protection rights, we provide easy to access information via our website of an individual’s right to access any personal information that Proctorio processes about them and to request information about:

What personal data we hold about them
The purposes of the processing
The categories of personal data concerned
The recipients to whom the personal data has/will be disclosed
How long we intend to store your personal data for
If we did not collect the data directly from them, information about the source
The right to have incomplete or inaccurate data about them corrected or completed and the process for requesting this
The right to request erasure of personal data (where applicable) or to restrict processing in accordance with data protection laws, as well as to object to any direct marketing from us and to be informed about any automated decision-making that we use
The right to lodge a complaint or seek judicial remedy and who to contact in such instances
 Information Security &amp.
Technical and Organizational Measures
Proctorio takes the privacy and security of individuals and their personal information very seriously and take reasonable measures and precaution to protect and secure the personal data that we process.
We have robust information security policies and procedures in place to protect personal information from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction and have several layers of security measures. GDPR Roles and Employees
Proctorio has a Data Protection Officer and a Data Privacy Team for complying with GDPR.
The team is responsible for promoting awareness of GDPR across the organization, assessing our GDPR readiness, identifying any gap areas and implementing the new policies, procedures and measures.
Questions regarding data storage, recovery, and deletion should be directed to:
Proctorio6840 E.
Indian School RoadScottsdale, Arizona 85251Email: security@proctorio.com
Proctorio understands that continuous employee awareness and understanding is vital to the continued compliance with GDPR and we have involved our employees in our preparation plans.
We have implemented an employee training program specific to GDPR and forms part of our induction and annual training programs.
If you have any questions about our preparation for GDPR, please contact privacy@proctorio.com.
