
        
Family Educational Rights Protection Act of 1974 This policy outlines Proctorio's compliance to the Federal Educational Rights Protection Act of 1974 (FERPA). What is FERPA?
FERPA, the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 or the Buckley Amendment, is a federal law that affords students certain rights with respect to their education records. What is an Education Record?
An education record contains information directly related to a student and are maintained by an educational agency or institution or by a party acting for the agency or institution.

Combinations of student names, courses, and video recordings are considered an education record.
Note:Proctorio acts as a third party and must maintain compliance with FERPA on behalf of the institution. Why is FERPA important?
FERPA protects students from having their information disseminated to third parties without the student's consent.
By utilizing a third party, an institution extends their liability to adhere to FERPA to the third party.
Beyond ethics and privacy, an institution's Title IV funding is tied to compliance with this act. How does Proctorio comply with FERPA?
We are FERPA certified by the Internet Keep Safe Coalition which signifies our compliance with relevant laws and regulations.
Please see our Personal Data Protections page for more information.
Proctorio never holds unencrypted education records.
All data that enters our system has been encrypted by the learning management system (LMS) and can only be unlocked by authorized users within the LMS.
Proctorio utilizes the LMS to gain information about the user's role.
This restricts information from being shared with users who do not fall under the "School Official" role.
The entire process is transparent to the end-user, but prevents Proctorio and unauthorized individuals from accessing to student data.
Note:Proctorio implements a zero-knowledge encryption scheme to keep your information safe.
Proctorio will never hold any personally identifiable information (PII) and institutions can feel confident in extending their FERPA liability to Proctorio.

Proctorio delivers all content via SSL (TLS 1.2) and our servers are compliant to many standards including PCI and HIPAA.

When going through technical support channels, our representatives will never ask for information beyond what FERPA defines as "Directory Information".
Our representatives may ask for the following information:

Student name
Campus e-mail address
College or school

Despite not collecting any personally identifiable information, all employees are subject to frequent and thorough FERPA training.
Any personal information requests beyond this should be reported to privacy@proctorio.com. How is Proctorio different?
Other technologies require the student to create accounts on their platform, enter credit card information on their platform, and will store unencrypted video on their platform.
This information is all categorized as personally identifiable information or as an education record and, therefore, falls under the jurisdiction of FERPA.
Any breach of this data could result in the loss of Title IV funding for institutions who have contracted the third party.
Note:Proctorio will never ask for nor store this information.
