
         Privacy Policy Last Updated: December 31, 2019 View Privacy Notice for California Residents
Thank you for visiting the ProductReportCard.com, LLC (“ProductReportCard.com, LLC,” “we.” “us”) website and services (collectively, the “Website”).
This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use, and protect any personal information you may provide to us (“Personal Information”).
Our Terms of Use describe the terms and conditions governing your access to and use of the Website and are available at Terms of Use.
YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE, AND CONTINUED USE OF THE WEBSITE FOLLOWING ANY CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, SIGNIFIES YOUR CONSENT TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY BOTH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THOSE SET FORTH IN OUR TERMS OF USE.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE WEBSITE OR PROVIDE ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US. 1.
What Personal Information is collected from me? In order to use the Website, participate in surveys, and earn rewards, you will need to create an account, and you may associate additional Personal Information with your account (collectively, “Profile Information”).
We may also collect certain indirect information as a result of your use of, and interaction with, the Website (“Usage Information”).
Your Profile Information.
We collect information in several ways from different parts of the Website.
Some Personal Information is gathered when you register.
During registration, we require a unique email address and private password.
We may also ask you to voluntarily provide us with additional information regarding your personal or professional interests as well as demographic information so we may target the surveys you receive and contact preferences.
Wherever ProductReportCard.com, LLC collects Personal Information, we make an effort to include a link to this Privacy Policy on that page.
You may choose not to provide your Personal Information.
however, creating an account is a prerequisite for using the full functions of the Website.
If, outside of the Website, you provide any Profile Information to a third-party company on whose behalf you are completing a survey, for example, in order to receive delivery of a product to be tested, then the use of your Profile Information will be governed by the privacy policy and practices of such third-party company.
You should always review the website terms of use and privacy policies of any party to whom you intend to provide your Personal Information.
WE WILL NOT AND CANNOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO ANY OTHER PARTY BY A MEANS OUTSIDE OF THE WEBSITE.
Your Usage Information.
We may also collect certain indirect and/or aggregate information as a result of your use of, and interaction with, the Website.
This information may include information about the devices used to access the Website (including IP addresses), the dates and times of Website visits, and the clickstream data of the users accessing the Website.
We may use certain standard web measurement and tracking technologies such as “cookies,” web server logs, or other statistics programs to collect Usage Information and track and record how you use the Website.
We use cookies, which are small text files stored by your Internet browser, to (a) remind us of who you are in order to deliver you better service.
(b) estimate our audience size by determining repeat usage of the Website to help target advertisements based on user interests and behavior.
(c) track your progress in surveys.
and (d) measure certain trafﬁc patterns for use as a research tool to understand how our users’ habits are similar or different from one another.
We analyze this data for certain trends in statistics, such as which parts of the Website users are visiting and how long they spend there.
We may also use third-party analytics on the Website, including Google Analytics and/or Accelerize.
For more information about Google Analytics' or Accelerize’s Privacy Policies click here: https://getcake.com/privacy-policy/.
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. 2.
How is my Personal Information used? The Personal Information you provide will be used to support your relationship with ProductReportCard.com, LLC.
We may use your Personal Information to:

provide you with an account, the surveys, and any rewards through the Website;
send you information or materials you request;
maintain a record of your transactions using the Website;
respond to your questions and comments and provide user support;
communicate with you about our surveys, products, services, offers, and promotions and those of our clients;
operate, evaluate, and improve our business and the products and services we offer;
analyze and enhance our marketing communications and strategies;
analyze trends and statistics regarding use of the Website and transactions conducted using the Website;
protect against and prevent fraud, unauthorized transactions, claims, and other liabilities, and manage risk exposure, including by identifying potential hackers and other unauthorized users;
enforce our Terms of Use and other agreements.
or
comply with applicable legal requirements and industry standards.

We also do research on our users’ demographics, interests, and behavior based on the information provided to us during your use of the Website.
This research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis.
Aggregated data does not include personally identiﬁable information.
ProductReportCard.com, LLC may share this aggregated data with others.
We WILL not use spyware, adware or any other similarly intrusive software.
Finally, we also may use the information we obtain about you in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection. 3.
Who is collecting my Personal Information? The Personal Information you share on the Website will not be shared with any 3rd party without your prior consent.
The data that you provide in your profile(s) and/or study responses may, however, may be shared with the a 3rd party, including the Research Companies that you may take surveys with through ProductReportCard.com, LLC.
If you do not wish to share data requested in a specific study, please opt out of participating in that study.

By clicking on a survey link to participate in a study, you will be leaving the ProductReportCard.com, LLC site and taken to a 3rd party’s website.
Please review all 3rd party sites’ Terms of Use and Privacy Policies.
Research companies that you may take surveys with through ProductReportCard.com, LLC may also use their own cookies.
The content of such cookies and the use of the information they contain is controlled by the individual research companies, not by ProductReportCard.com, LLC.
In connection with our online ad exposure program (the “Online Ad Exposure Program”), you can participate in surveys regarding speciﬁc ads and promotions that we are testing for our clients.
To facilitate the completion of these surveys, our clients may write, set, or read cookies, locally shared/stored objects, ﬂash cookies, and/or any other related technology (each a “Third-Party Technology” and collectively the “Third-Party Technologies”).
The Third-Party Technologies may be written, set, or read in various locations, including, without limitation, our servers or systems.
If you participate, a unique identification number (“UID”) will be stored in the Third-Party Technology to allow you to be re-contacted about the online ad or promotion and our client will use the Third-Party Technology to determine whether you have seen, clicked on, or otherwise interacted with the online ad or promotion.
If you have interacted with the online ad or promotion, our client will send your UID and the speciﬁc survey, and we will provide you with the opportunity to complete the survey. 4.
With whom does ProductReportCard.com, LLC share my information? ProductReportCard.com, LLC may share aggregated, which does not include personally identifiable information, or similarly anonymized data with others without limitation.
We may also disclose the information we collect from and about you:

when necessary to perform services on your behalf, such as to obtain commercial and credit information to establish, maintain or renew a customer contract;
when we have reason to believe that such disclosure is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, customers, or other users of the Website, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities, or is appropriate or necessary to enforce the Terms of Use, take precautions against liability, investigate and defend against any third-party claims or allegations, and/or protect the security or integrity of the Website;
in certain cases, to third parties for their own marketing purposes, as further described below;
to respond to judicial process and provide information to law enforcement agencies in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law or to comply with the rules and regulations of any credit or debit card payment network, or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws or such rules and regulations;
to our business partners for research, analytical and marketing purposes, such as analyzing usage patterns for certain content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality on the Website and/or to our subsidiaries, afﬁliated companies, contractors or other service providers for the purpose of processing such information on our behalf.
or
 otherwise with your consent.

We may use your Usage Information to identify and develop products and services that may be of interest to you and/or share this information with certain third parties for direct marketing purposes with respect to special offers, products, services, programs, promotions, surveys, publications, invitations or other opportunities that may be of interest to certain demographic groups.
We do not sell your information to third parties and have no intention of doing so in the future.
Under the laws of some jurisdictions, you may be entitled to request disclosure regarding how we share your Usage Information with third parties for direct marketing purposes (“Information-Sharing Disclosure”).
To the extent required by applicable law, we shall provide the Information-Sharing Disclosure to you upon rightful request made in writing to ProductReportCard.com, LLC, 205 North Detroit Street Suite 600, Denver, CO 80206.
We may sell or buy other businesses or entities.
In such event, we may transfer or assign the information we have collected as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control.
In such transactions, your Personal Information may be included in the transferred business assets.
Also, in the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the beneﬁt of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors’ rights generally, we may not be able to control how your Personal Information is treated, transferred, or used and your Personal Information may be included in the transferred assets.
Except as explained above, we will not share any of your information with any third party, unless we have received your express permission to do so. 5.
What choices do I have regarding my Personal Information? Cookies.
Most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable existing cookies.
Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the features of the Website.
Access, Correct, and Delete your Personal Information.
You can request the specific Personal Information that we have collected about you, correct factual inaccuracies in your information, remove Personal Information from our databases, and/or update your Personal Information by clicking contact us or updating your information on your member account on the Website.
Promotional Communications.
We want to help you quickly ﬁnd information on the Website and alert you to speciﬁc surveys, updated information, and other new opportunities.
Accordingly, we may send you direct mailings, or contact you by telephone about our various surveys and other opportunities we feel may be of interest to you.
If you do not want to receive such mailings, simply “opt-out” by the means provided for in the mailings or by clicking contact us .
To “opt-out” means that you have notiﬁed us that you no longer wish to receive email or telephone opportunities to participate in surveys and that you “opt-out” of receiving such information in the future.
By not opting out, you expressly agree that a business relationship exists between you and us and that we may call you in connection with such existing business relationship.
Web Analytics.
You may opt out of the aggregation and analysis of data collected about you on our website by Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics browser add-on available at: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Third-Party Tracking.
Although we do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising or other targeted content, a number of these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way.
You can opt out of receiving targeted advertisements from members of the Network Advertising Initiative by visiting http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices.
If you do not wish to participate in the Online Ad Exposure Program, please visit http://www.nielsen-online.com/corp.jsp?section=leg_prs&nav=1. 6.
What about my children and their use of the Website? The Website is not directed to, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from, children under the age of 16.
If you are under 16 years of age, please do not use or access the Website at any time or in any manner.
If you believe that you may have information regarding a person under 16 that you believe to have registered an account with, or otherwise provided Profile Information via, the Website, please contact us at support@productreportcard.com. 7.
How can this Privacy Policy be changed? If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will publish the changes on this Website and notify you at least 30 days before those changes take effect.
As always, if you do not agree with any changes to our Privacy Policy, you have the option of requesting that we delete your personally identiﬁable information from the Website. 8.
Linked Websites Third-party Internet sites and services accessible through ProductReportCard.com, LLC have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of us.
Additionally, our Website may contain links to other websites which may have privacy policies that differ from our own.
We are not responsible for the collection, use or disclosure of information collected through third-party websites and expressly disclaim any liability related to such collection, use or disclosure.
We are also not responsible for any information or content contained on such websites.
Links to other websites are provided solely as a convenience.
Your browsing, use and interaction on any other websites, including websites which have a link to the Website, are subject to that website’s own rules and policies.
Accordingly, we recommend that you review the privacy policy posted on any website that you may access through, or which links to the Website.
If you post Personal Information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. 9.
Security Concerns We take commercially reasonable precautions and have implemented commercially reasonable technical measures intended to protect against the risks of unauthorized access to, erroneous disclosure of, and unlawful interception of information submitted via the Website.
However, your email transmissions and/or other communications containing such information, including Personal Information, may be unlawfully intercepted or accessed by third parties and/or the Website may be subject to hostile network attacks or administrative errors.
We cannot and do not guarantee the security of any Personal Information transmitted over the Internet.
Once we receive your Personal Information, we take steps that we believe are commercially reasonable to limit access to your Personal Information to only those employees and service providers whom we determine need access to the Personal Information to provide the requested services, products, offers or opportunities that may be of interest to you.
However, even after we receive your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee that your Personal Information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed as a result of a breach of our commercially reasonable efforts or as a result of any other event beyond our reasonable control.
Accordingly, we cannot and do not guarantee that your information, including Profile Information, is completely secure and safe from such risks.
FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO ENSURING, GUARANTEEING OR OTHERWISE OFFERING ANY DEFINITIVE PROMISE OF SECURITY IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR INFORMATION, INCLUDING PROFILE INFORMATION OR USAGE INFORMATION, THROUGH THE WEBSITE. 10.
Special Note to International Users By using the Website, you agree and acknowledge that the Website is hosted in the United States.
If you are attempting to access the Website from a physical location within Canada, the European Union, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure that differ from United States laws, please be advised that through your continued use of the Website, which is governed by U.S.
law, this Privacy Policy, and the Terms of Use you are transferring your information, including Personal Information, to the United States and you consent to such transfer. 11.
Do Not Track Signals Your web browser may let you choose your preference as to whether you want to allow the collection of information about your online activities over time and across different websites or online services.
At this time, the Website does not respond to the preferences you may have set in your web browser regarding such collection of your Personal Information, and the Website may continue to collect information in the manner described in this Privacy Policy. 12.
Your California Privacy Rights California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Services who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
To make such a request, please contact us. 13.
Additional Questions Questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to ProductReportCard.com, LLC using contact us.
 Privacy Notice for California Residents This Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the information contained in the general Privacy Policy of ProductReportCard.com, LLC (“ProductReportCard.com, LLC,” “we,” or “us”), which is incorporated in this privacy notice by this reference.
This privacy notice applies solely residents of the State of California about whom we collect personal information (“consumers” or “you”), including, for example, visitors to our website, participants in our surveys, and clients.
We adopt this Privacy Notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (as amended, and together with the California attorney general’s implementing regulations, the “CCPA”) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Privacy Notice. Information We Collect We may collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household (“personal information”).
In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from its consumers within the last 12 months for the business or commercial purposes described below: Description Examples Source Business or Commercial Purposes for Collection Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers.
Directly from consumers Indirectly from consumers (e.g., through cookies) Public records Identify and validate individual as a qualified panelist.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal.
Civ.
Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, email address, education, employment, employment history, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Directly from consumers Public records Identify and validate individual as a qualified panelist.
Also, to identify which research projects for which a panelist might qualify.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, and pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, or genetic information (including familial genetic information).
Directly from consumers Public records Identify and validate individual as a qualified panelist.
Also, to identify which research projects for which a panelist might qualify.
Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Directly from consumers Credit card processors and financial institutions.
Identify and validate individual as a qualified panelist.
Also, to identify which research projects for which a panelist might qualify.
Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, or information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Indirectly from consumers (e.g., through cookies) Identify and validate individual as a qualified panelist.
Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
Indirectly from consumers (e.g., through cookies) Identify and validate individual as a qualified panelist.
Also, to identify which research projects for which a panelist might qualify.
Sensory data.
Electronic, or similar information.
Indirectly from consumers (e.g., through cookies) Identify and validate individual as a qualified panelist.
Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
Directly from consumer Public records Social media such as LinkedIn Identify and validate individual as a qualified panelist.
Also, to identify which research projects for which a panelist might qualify.
Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C.
§ 1232g.
34 C.F.R.
Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
Directly from consumer Identify and validate individual as a qualified panelist.
Also, to identify which research projects for which a panelist might qualify.
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, or aptitudes.
Directly from consumer Indirectly from consumers (e.g., through cookies) Identify and validate individual as a qualified panelist.
Also, to identify which research projects for which a panelist might qualify.
Personal information does not include: 
Publicly available information from government records.
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, such as health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) and personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA), California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
 In addition to the business or commercial purposes for collection described above, we have in the preceding 12 months collected all categories of personal information described above for the following purposes: 
To process your requests, surveys, rewards, and transactions and to prevent transactional fraud.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.
For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve this Site and our products and services.
To provide, support, personalize, and develop this Site and our products and services.
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of this Site and our products, services, databases, other technology assets, and business.
To deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through this Site, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law).
 We will continue to collect the categories of personal information described above for the business or commercial purposes described above.
We may also use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following purposes: 
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of ProductReportCard.com, LLC’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by ProductReportCard.com, LLC about the users of this Site is among the assets transferred.

We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice. Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose: 

Identifiers.
California customer records.
Protected classification characteristics.
Commercial information.
Internet activity.
Geolocation data.
Sensory data.
Professional information.
Education information.
Inferences.

We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:  Service providers.
When we disclose your personal information to a service provider, we enter into a contract with the service provider that describes the business purpose for which your personal information is disclosed and restricts the service provider from using your personal information for any purpose except performing the contract. Sales of Personal Information In the preceding 12 months, we may have shared the following categories of personal information:

Category A: Identifiers.
Category B: Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute.
Category C: Internet or other similar network activity.
Category D: Geolocation data.

Category E: Inferences drawn from other personal information.
 We share your personal information to the following categories of third parties: 
Our customers providing the surveys
 Your Rights and Choices The CCPA provides you as California residents with specific rights regarding your personal information.
This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights. Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will disclose to you:

The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we disclosed for a business purpose or sold your personal information, two separate lists disclosing: 
Disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased.


 Deletion Rights You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:

Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise that consumer’s free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal.
Penal Code § 1546 et.
seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of the information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
 Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by:

Form

Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information.
You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.

You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period.
The verifiable consumer request must:

Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.

We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us, but we may require authentication of the consumer that is reasonable in light of the nature of the personal information requested.
However, we do consider requests made through your password protected account sufficiently verified when the request relates to personal information associated with that specific account.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
For instructions on exercising sale opt-out rights, see Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights. Response Timing and Format We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt.
If we require more time (for a maximum total of 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account.
If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.

Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the receipt of a verifiable consumer request.
The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless the request is excessive or manifestly unfounded.
If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Alternatively, we may decline to respond to the request and notify you of our reason for doing so. Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights If you are 16 years of age or older and have obtained express consent from a parent or guardian to register as a panelist, you have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time (the “right to opt-out”).
We do not sell the personal information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the “right to opt-in”) from either the consumer who is at least 16 years of age and less than 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 16 years of age.
Consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time.
To exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized agent) may submit a request to us by visiting our “Data Privacy Requests” webpage at Contact Us.
If your authorized agent submits a request on your behalf, the authorized agent must provide either (1) a copy of your written permission for the authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf and information sufficient to verify the authorized agent’s identity or (2) power of attorney pursuant to California’s Probate Code.
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your opt-out rights.
We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request.
Once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least 12 months before asking you to reauthorize personal information sales.
However, you may change your mind and opt back in to personal information sales at any time by visiting Contact Us. Non-Discrimination We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights.
Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:

Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services, including denial of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.

However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, levels, or quality of goods or services.
Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information’s value and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects.
Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt-in consent, which you may revoke at any time. Other California Privacy Rights California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
To make such a request, please contact us using the information set forth below. Changes to this Privacy Notice ProductReportCard.com, LLC reserves the right to update or change this privacy notice at any time.
When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will post the updated notice on this Site and update the date on which this privacy notice was last updated.
The date this privacy notice was last updated is at the top of this page.
You are responsible for periodically reviewing this Site and this privacy notice to check for any updates or changes.
Your continued use of this Site following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes. Contact Us If you have any questions or comments about this privacy notice or our privacy practices, your choices and rights regarding use of your personal information, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please contact us at:

Site: https://www.productreportcard.com/contact-us
Email: support@productreportcard.com
Postal Address:
 ProductReportCard.com, LLC 205 North Detroit Street Suite 600 Denver, CO 80206 
