
        You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.Privacy Policy
Last updated: September 27th, 2020
1.
What information do we collectWelcome to Project Z (the “Platform”), which is provided by Supersymmetry PTE.
LTD.
in Singapore (collectively such entities will be referred to as “Project Z”, “we” or “us”).
We collect information when you create an account and use the Platform, such as your email address, content you create, and your location.
We also collect information you share with us from third-party social network providers, and technical and behavioral information about your use of the Platform.
We also collect information contained in the messages you send through our Platform.
More information about the categories and sources is provided below.

Information you choose to provide

For certain activities, such as when you register, upload content to the Platform, or contact us directly, you may provide some or all of the following information:

Registration information, such as your username, password, language, email address (only if you register with your email address) and phone number(only if you register with your phone number);


Profile information, such as your location, gender, school information, and profile image;


User-generated content, including posts, comments, texts, photographs, links, gifs, and videos that you choose to upload on the Platform (“User Content”);


Other information: Information in correspondence you send to us, or the information you share through surveys or your participation in challenges or contests such as your gender, age, likeness and preferences.


Information we collect automatically

We automatically collect certain information from you when you use the Platform, including your IP address, geolocation-related data (as described below), unique device identifiers, browsing history (including content you have viewed in the Platform), Cookies (as defined below), your mobile carrier, time zone setting, and mobile or device information including the model of your device, screen resolution, operating system, app and file names and types, and platform.

Usage Information

We collect information regarding your use of the Platform and any other User Content that you generate through and broadcast on our Platform.
We also link your subscriber information with your activity on our Platform across all your devices using your phone number, email, or similar information.

Location data

We collect information about your location, including location information based on your SIM card and/or IP address.
With your permission, we may also collect Global Positioning System (GPS) data.
And such GPS data is used to confirm your city and ONLY the city information will be transferred to the server.

Messages

We collect and process, which includes scanning and analyzing, information you provide in the context of composing, sending, or receiving messages through our Service's messaging functionality.
That information includes the content of the message and information about when the message has been sent, received and/or read, as well as the participants of the communication.
Please be aware that messages sent to other users of our Service will be accessible by those users and that we are not responsible for the manner in which those users use or disclose messages.

Cookies

We and our service providers and business partners use cookies and other similar technologies (“Cookies”) to automatically collect information, measure and analyze which web pages you click on and how you use the Platform, enhance your experience using the Platform, improve the Platform.
Cookies are small files which, when placed on your device, enable the Platform to provide certain features and functionality.
To learn how to disable Cookies, see the “Your choices” section below.
2.
How we use your informationWe use your information to fulfill and enforce our Terms of Service, to improve and administer the Platform, and to allow you to use its functionalities.
We may also use your information to show you suggestions and promote the platform.
We generally use the information we collect:

to fulfill requests for products, services, Platform functionality, support and information for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical, and survey purposes and to solicit your feedback;


to customize the content you see when you use the Platform.
For example, we may provide you with services based on the country settings you have chosen or show you content that is similar to content that you liked or interacted with;


to improve and develop our Platform and conduct product development;


to support the social functions of the Platform, including to permit you and other users to connect with each other through the Platform and for you and other users to share, download, and otherwise interact with User Content posted through the Platform;


to help protect the safety of the Platform and our users, which includes detecting abuse, frauding, and illegal activity on the Platform;


to ensure that you are old enough to use the Platform (as required by law);


to communicate with you, including to notify you about changes in our services;


to announce you as a winner of our contest, sweepstakes, or promotions if permitted by the promotion rule, and to send you any applicable prizes;


to enforce our terms, conditions, and policies;


consistent with your permissions, to provide you with location-based services, such as personalized content;


to inform our algorithms;


to combine all the information we collect or receive about you for any of the foregoing purposes;


for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.

3.
How we share your informationWe are committed to maintaining your trust, and we want you to understand when and with whom we may share the information we collect.
We will share your information with the following selected third parties:


Authorized third-party vendors and service providers.
We may share your information with third-party vendors and service providers that help us perform our business operations, including research, database maintenance, contest administration, technology services, deliveries, analytics, data storage and hosting, disaster recovery, search engine optimization, marketing, and data processing.


Legal purposes.
We may disclose your information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, law enforcement requests, legal claims or government inquiries, and to protect and defend the rights, interests, safety, and security of Supersymmetry PTE.
LTD., our affiliates, users, or the public.


With your consent.
We may share information for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect the information or pursuant to your consent.


In an emergency.
We may share information if we believe it's necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm to a person.


If you choose to engage in public activities on the Platform, you should be aware that any information you share may be read, collected, or used by other users.
You should use caution in disclosing personal information while engaging.
We are not responsible for the information you choose to submit.

4.
Your Choices
Your mobile device may include a feature that allows you to opt out of some types of targeted advertising ("Limit Ad Tracking" on iOS and "Opt out of Interest-Based Ads" on Android).


You can switch off GPS location information functionality on your mobile device if you do not wish to share GPS information.


If you have registered for an account you may access, review, and update certain personal information that you have provided to us by logging into your account and using available features and functionalities.


You may delete your account information at any time from the user settings page.
You can also submit a request to delete the personal information Project Z maintains about you by following the process described in the “Your Rights” section below.
When you delete your account, your profile is no longer visible to other users and disassociated from content you posted under that account.
Please note, however, that the comments, and messages you submitted prior to deleting your account will still be visible to others unless you first delete the specific content.
We may also retain certain information about you as required by law or for legitimate business purposes after you delete your account.

5.
SecurityWe use reasonable measures to help protect information from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
You should understand that no data storage system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure.
Please note that information collected by third parties may not have the same security protections as information you submit to us, and we are not responsible for protecting the security of such information.
6.
ChildrenThe Platform is not directed at children under the age of 13.
If we become aware that personal information has been collected on the Platform from a person under the age of 13 we will delete this information and terminate the person’s account.
If you believe that we have collected information from a child under the age of 13 on the Platform, please contact us at support@projz.com.
7.
Your Rights
Data Subject and Consumer Information Requests 

Requests for a copy of the information The Platform has about your account—including EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) data subject access requests and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) consumer information requests—can be submitted to datarequest@projz.com.
An email with more detailed instructions on how to request the data will be responded to you.
You may also designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on your behalf.
Project Z does not discriminate against users for exercising their rights under data protection laws to make requests regarding their personal information.

Additional Information for EEA Users

Users in the European Economic Area have the right to request access to, rectification of, or erasure of their personal data.
to data portability in certain circumstances.
to request restriction of processing.
to object to processing.
and to withdraw consent for processing where they have previously provided consent.
These rights can be exercised using the information provided under “Your Choices” above.
EEA users also have the right to lodge a complaint with their local supervisory authority.
As required by applicable law, we collect and process information about individuals in the EEA only where we have a legal basis for doing so.
Our legal bases depend on the Services you use and how you use them.
We process your information on the following legal bases:

You have consented for us to do so for a specific purpose;


We need to process the information to provide you the Services, including to operate the Services, provide customer support and personalized features and to protect the safety and security of the Services;


It satisfies a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your data protection interests), such as preventing fraud, ensuring network and information security, enforcing our rules and policies, protecting our legal rights and interests, research and development, personalizing the Services, and marketing and promoting the Services;


We need to process your information to comply with our legal obligations.


Additional Information for California Users

The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) requires us to provide California residents with some additional information about the categories of personal information we collect and share, where we get that personal information, and how and why we use it.
We may collect the following categories of personal information from California residents, depending on the Services used:

Identifiers, like your Project Z username, email address, IP address, and cookie information;


Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as information about your activity on our Services;


Geolocation information based on your IP address, or more specific location information if you authorize your device to provide it to us;


Audiovisual information in pictures, audio, or video content submitted to Project Z;


Demographic information, but only if you explicitly provide it to us, such as by filling out a survey;


Inferences we make based on other collected data, for purposes such as recommending content, advertising, and analytics.

You can find more information about (a) what we collect and sources of that information, (b) the business purposes for collecting that information, and (c) the categories of third parties with whom we share that information in the “What Information Do We Collect” section above.
If you are a California resident, you have additional rights under the CCPA, including the right to request access to or deletion of your personal information, and information about our data practices, as well as the right not to be discriminated against for exercising your privacy rights.
These rights can be exercised as described in the Data Subject and Consumer Information Requests section above.
8.
ChangesWe may update this Privacy Policy from time to time.
When we update the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the “Last Updated” date at the top of this policy and posting the new Privacy Policy and providing any other notice required by applicable law.
We recommend that you review the Privacy Policy each time you visit the Platform to stay informed of our privacy practices.
9.
Where do we store your personal dataThe personal data that we collect from you will be transferred to, and stored at cloud server in the US.
10.
ContactQuestions, comments and requests regarding this policy should be sent to:

Email Address: legal@projz.com

Attention: Privacy Policy
HomeTerms of ServicePrivacy PolicyHelp Center© 2020 Supersymmetry PTE.
LTD.
      