
         Menu▾ 
 About ▾ ▾ 
About Project Gutenberg
Collection Development
Contact Us
History &amp.
Philosophy
Permissions &amp.
License
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use


 Search and Browse ▾ ▾ 
Book Search
Bookshelves
Frequently Downloaded
Offline Catalogs


 Help ▾ ▾ 
All help topics →
Copyright Procedures
Errata, Fixes and Bug Reports
File Formats
Frequently Asked Questions
Policies →
Public Domain eBook Submission
Submitting Your Own Work
Tablets, Phones and eReaders
The Attic →


Donate

Donation Terms of Use Project Gutenberg’s target audience is United States persons over 13 years of age.
Visitors who are minors should be accompanied by an adult, and some content may be unsuitable for some readers, of any age.
Non-US persons are advised to check copyright laws of their country before accessing any eBooks or other content from Project Gutenberg.
Some content may be copyrighted, or otherwise restricted, for use in other countries.
Project Gutenberg offers no warranty or assurances about copyright status or freedom to access or use its materials outside of the United States. Contents

Trademark License
Website Terms of Use

Audience
Deep Linking
Embedding or Wrapping our Site or Contents
OPDS Feed
Automated Blocks


Footnotes
 Trademark License
What you are allowed to do with our eBooks once you download them:
See: the Project Gutenberg License and the Permission How-To. Website Terms of Use Audience

This website is intended for human users only. Any perceived use of automated tools to access this website will result in a temporary or permanent block of your IP address.

If you want to download many books[1]
 manually or using an automated download software, download them from one of our mirrors, not from the main site.
See the list of PG mirrors and the roboting guidelines.
If you want a list of all our books, download and save the Gutenberg index file It can be opened with any browser or word processor.
If you want a machine-readable database of all our books, read the Offline Catalogs and Feeds page.
If you are behind a proxy or VPN because you want anonymity or because of company or school policy, you may be blocked because other users of the same address are misbehaving.
Try turning the proxy or VPN off.
If you are using a commercial product that channels requests through a proxy (such as Amazon Kindle), your address may be blocked due to too much use from that shared proxy address.
Instead, see our tablets, phones and eReaders how-to for guidance on how to download items to your own system, prior to transferring to the other device.
 Deep Linking
When linking to a Project Gutenberg item, link to the main landing page such as www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/11.
Do not link to specific files or anchors, such as http://www.gutenberg.org/files/11/11-h/11-h.htm.
Technical measures (i.e., cookies, captchas and similar) are utilized to ensure that links come from the landing page or elsewhere within www.gutenberg.org.
If you need to link to a specific file or passage, please make your own copy of that file and host it on your own server.
This measure is a protection against possible renaming or reorganizing the back end file structure, which has happened several times over the years.
We intend the landing page to be permanent. Embedding or Wrapping our Site or Contents

Applies mainly to website owners.
We do not allow large-scale deep-linking to eBook files hosted on our servers.
We reserve the right to take legal and technical measures against this.
While the books we host are free, our server infrastructure and bandwidth is not.
It is paid with money generously made available by our donors and partners.
We will not tolerate mock Gutenberg front-ends that pocket advertising revenues
while leaving the cost of actually serving the files to us. OPDS Feed

Applies to OPDS application developers.
Every application that uses our OPDS feed must:

Use a proper user-agent, like: calibre/1.1.0 (+http://www.calibre.org).
Always include a contact address like a web page or email, so we can reach you.
Applications without contact address and application developers that do not respond to our inquiries will be blocked from using our OPDS feed.
Make no more requests to our servers than a user with a browser typically would make (eg.
for every search, request only one page of results, and automatically request the next page only if the users scrolls to the bottom of the previous page).
If your application makes lots of requests, your users will be blocked at the IP level.
For high-volume OPDS applications consider downloading our catalog database and hosting your own OPDS feed.
If you have special needs, contact us, don’t try to `hack around´.
 Automated Blocks
Blocks to Internet addresses (IP addresses) are applied automatically based on the volume of traffic and related factors.
Such blocks automatically expire after a few days. Footnotes

↑ Many books: i.e., more than ~100 per day

