

Promosurvey.top

Terms &amp.
conditions and opt-out information

By providing your data you agree to receive the email newsletter and push notifications from promosurvey.top.
The subscription to our services is not mandatory.
Email newsletter and push notifications may contain promotion, marketing and advertising materials based on your location and browser language.
The frequency of the email newsletter and push notifications issues will be about once a day.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to either modify or discontinue the email newsletter and push notifications content, at any time with or without notice.
We will not be liable to you or any third party should we exercise such right.
Any new features that augment or enhance the then-current services on this site shall also be subject to these Terms &amp.
Conditions.
We will not communicate/spread/publish or otherwise give away your address.
If you do not agree to receive the email newsletter, SMS or push notifications, please do the following steps listed below.
Email
Click the unsubscribe link in the email, go to the Unsubscribe page and click the Unsubscribe button.
Push notifications
Chrome:
If you have Windows or Linux OS, you can simply right-click on the notification and block further notifications from a particular site.
Else, you can go to Chrome Settings -&gt.
Show Advanced Settings -&gt.
Content Settings (within Privacy Settings) -&gt.
Notifications -&gt.
Manage Exceptions.
Here you'll get a list of all websites from which you've enabled notifications, and you can choose to block any particular website from sending you further notifications.
Firefox:
Go to Options -&gt.
select the Privacy &amp.
Security panel and scroll down to the Permissions section -&gt.
click the Settings button next to Notifications -&gt.
select the website -&gt.
click Remove Website.
Opera:
Go to Opera -&gt.
Preferences (Mac)/ Settings (Windows) -&gt.
go to the Websites tab and scroll down to the Notifications section -&gt.
click the Manage Exceptions button to see the sites whose notification permissions you've already allowed or denied.


© promosurvey.top, 2022
