
        
PRIVACY POLICY
Promosurvey.top (the ‘Website) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy and handling your personal information in an open and transparent manner.
Accordingly, we have developed this privacy policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, process, disclose, store the personal data you provide us with, your rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and the use of cookies on the Website.
It is recommended that you read this privacy policy carefully.
If you have additional questions or would like further information on this topic or wish to exercise any of your rights set out herein, please contact us via email at: info@promosurvey.top.
TO WHOM DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLY?
This privacy policy applies only when you visit the Website and it does not apply when using any advertising services as a customer.
This privacy policy also does not apply to any products, services, websites, or content that are offered by third parties or have their own privacy notice.
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR DATA
We obtain your personal data mainly through any information you provide directly to us, including when you enter and use our Website and when you contact us for any enquiries, complaints or for any other reason.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND WHAT ARE THE LEGAR GROUNDS
When accessing the Website, we may collect, use and process your personal data for specific purposes and on valid legal bases as follows:



Server Log Files – We automatically collect generated data about your use of the website such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views, website navigation paths, timing, frequency, pattern of your service use.
It is necessary for us to collect and process this information in order for our website to work as optimally as possible, meaning for our legitimate interests.



Profile Data – This is personal information such us your gender, date of birth and other information you may provide when accessing and using the Website.
We collect and process this information as it is necessary for the operation of the Website and in order for you to receive more relevant ads.



Correspondence Data – We collect data necessary to provide you support and/or to respond to any inquiries you may submit.
The processing of these personal data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests and in specific to serve you efficiently and to optimize the support we provide to you.



Notification Data – This is personal information we receive and/or use upon your consent, necessary for us to proceed with sending you newsletters/offers/promotions and other relevant notifications.
If, at any moment, you do not wish to receive this type of notifications anymore, you can unsubscribe by using the opt-out option or by sending an email to info@promosurvey.top.



Any other personal data identified under this privacy policy – Any data, including inquiry data, that we may inquire and/or otherwise receive from you which may be necessary for the fulfilment of our legal or contractual obligation and for the protection and exercise of our/yours/third parties’ legal rights and/or which may be used for/at any court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
This data is therefore used for our legitimate interests.


Please note that if we need specific personal data in order to comply with a legal basis, your refusal to provide such data may result in the inability for you to use the Website.
DATA WE MAY SHARE OR TRANSFER TO THIRD PARTIES
We may disclose your personal data to the third parties listed below.
When we do so, we require those third parties to have appropriate technical and organisational measures in place to protect your personal data.
We will not share any of your personal data for any purpose other than the purposes described in this privacy policy.


Any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, set out in this privacy policy;


To our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure;


Governmental and regulatory bodies, including law enforcement authorities, in connection with enquiries, proceedings or investigations by such parties or in order to enable Propeller to comply with its legal and regulatory requirements;


Partners, contractors and/or vendors in order to perform contract we have with you.


INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER OF DATA
To comply with EU data protection laws around international data transfer, we only allow our partners outside the EEA to process your personal data in accordance with a contract entered into between the Promosurvey.top and the partners, incorporating the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses, which ensure that adequate data protection arrangements are in place.
For more information on where and how the relevant document may be accessed or obtained, please contact us.
YOUR DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS
Under the GDPR, you have the following rights with regard to your personal data:



Right to access

You have the right to obtain confirmation as to whether or not your personal data are being processed, and, if so, access to your personal data and additional information about the processing of your personal data.



Right to rectification

You have the right to request the correction of inaccurate personal data.



Right to be forgotten

You have the right to ask us to erase your personal data (right to be forgotten) for example if the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected.
or the personal data have been unlawfully processed.



Right to restriction

You have the right to obtain restriction of processing of your personal data, for example when you have contested the accuracy of your personal data.



Data portability

You have the right to receive your personal data which you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to another controller, where the processing is based on your consent or on a contract.



Right to object

You have the right to object to processing of personal data which is based on our legitimate interests.
We shall no longer process the personal data unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
Where personal data are processed for direct marketing purposes, you always have the right to object to processing of personal data for such marketing.
In that case, we shall no longer process your personal data for such purposes.



Right to withdraw consent

Where the processing of your personal data is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
The withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.


We endeavour to address all of your requests promptly.
RETAINING AND DELETING PERSONAL DATA
We will keep your personal data for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which we initially collected them.
Once such period has ended, we will keep your personal data for the longest of the following periods: a) any retention period set out in our retention policy which is in line with regulatory requirements relating to retention.
or (b) the end of the period in which legal action or investigations might arise in respect of the services provided.
Once the retention period of your personal data lapses, we will ensure that your personal data are either irreversibly anonymised or securely destroyed.
COOKIES
When using the website or app, various cookies are saved on your computer, mobile device and/or tablet, which can then be accessed.
We will ask you to consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our Website.
For more information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them, please see our Cookies Policy at here.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this privacy policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our Website.
We may notify you of changes to this policy by email or through the private messaging system on our Website.



Last update: March 24, 2021

