
         Pronouns.page  Pronouns  Dictionary  Sources  References  Community  Contact  Account English 
 Deutsch 
 Español 
 Français 
 Ladino (Djudezmo) 
 Nederlands 
 Norsk (Bokmål) 
 Polski 
 Português 
 Română 
 Svenska 
 Русский 
 Українська 
 日本語 
 中文 


 pronouns.page 


 Add more
 Pronouns.page English 
 Deutsch 
 Español 
 Français 
 Ladino (Djudezmo) 
 Nederlands 
 Norsk (Bokmål) 
 Polski 
 Português 
 Română 
 Svenska 
 Русский 
 Українська 
 日本語 
 中文 


 pronouns.page 


 Add more
 Homepage Pronouns Dictionary of neutral nouns Examples from cultural texts Extra references Queer community Contact Your account Homepage Pronouns Dictionary of neutral nouns Examples from cultural texts Extra references Queer community Contact Your account Privacy Policy 
Last Updated: 2023-02-15 (Google Tag Manager) 

This Privacy Policy describes how the Service provided on the website pronouns.page and related subdomains and domains manages your personal data.
The Service is operated by the “Neutral Language Council” collective and Nero Network (NL, KVK 88409120) who can be contacted via email: contact@pronouns.page.

We make every effort to store your data securely and to ensure that any non-public data we store are not seized by or transferred to any third party, except those trusted parties described below.
Other than the data that you explicitly post on the Service as Content or share with us implicitly (eg.
OAuth access tokens, if you use social login options), no additional private data connected to your account is being stored or processed by the Service.
You may edit or remove any Content you have posted on the Service.
When you contact us by email we store your email address in order to answer you and to ask you follow-up questions.
We only use first-party cookies and local storage to keep you logged in and save your preferences.
We use Plausible to analyse traffic on the website.
Such data has no relation to your username, and your IP is anonymised.
You can read their privacy policy here.
We use hCaptcha to filter out bots and prevent attacks.
You can read their privacy policy here.
In order to fund the project we show ads using third party vendors, including Google, whose ads policy is available here.
Google uses cookies that enable it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites.
You may opt out of personalised advertising by not giving your consent when prompted, by revoking your consent using a button below, or by visiting Ads Settings.
We use Google Tag Manager to analyse traffic on the website.
Such data has no relation to your username.
You can read their privacy policy here.
Logs and backups are stored for no longer than 18 months.
Your personal data are protected by the GDPR, which means you have the right to see, correct, update and remove the data we store about you.
 Revoke personalised ads consent
Authors of the website:

 The “Neutral Language Council” collective 
We are a queer collective dedicated to assembling, researching, shaping and promoting gender neutral and nonbinary language.
We also support actions towards equality and social justice.

 Lucjan @luciluciluci 
Moderation

 アンディ @and.y 
Moderation, Sources, Reports

 Téo @teostarrz 
German (Deutsch), administration, moderation, terminology, language, support

 Jacob @Fishmael 
English, Russian, moderation

 Laker J.V @Laker 
Moderation, Graphic Design, Sources

 tecc @tecc 
programming, sysadmin

 faera ☆ @rainyfae 
moderation, english

 Claudio Nicoli Pannacci @kappanneo 
English, Swedish, Italian (work in progress), Upcoming language versions

 Kevin @kevinn 
moderation, technical

 Andrea Vos @andrea 
code, language, faq, blog

 Avery (They/Them) @realAvery 
Moderation, Technical

 - James @catitudethecat 
Moderation

 Vexoney @vexoney 
moderation, norwegian

 Paweł Dembowski @ausir 
language, sources

 Szymon Misiek @szymon 
language, sources

 Diego M.
@GreenWithin 
English, Spanish (Español), Design, Translation, Moderation

 Thomas Vos @T_Vos 
Project manager, User support, social media, English, Polish

 Kory @kory_warning 
moderation, terminology


Contact &amp.
social media:

 Frequently asked questions 
 contact@pronouns.page 
 @PronounsPage@tech.lgbt 
 @PronounsPage 

Queer Calendar Bot:

 @QueerCalendar@tech.lgbt 
 @CalendarQueer 

Contribute:

 Propose translations
 Adding language versions
 Technical tasks
 Light mode Automatic Dark mode  Version: 33d2faa8 / 33d2faa8
Legal:

 Terms of Service
 Privacy Policy
 Source code and content are licensed under OQL.
 Using gradientmagic.com and Twemoji

Technical:

 Public API
 Source code 
 avris.it 

Sibling projects:

 Attraction Layer Cake 
 Gender &amp.
Sexuality Spectrum 
 Emoji Pride Flags 
 Inclusive Polish Spellcheck 

We stand with Ukraine.
 Here's how you can support them.
OK 
      