
Last updated: January 15, 2019
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Protemos LLC collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the https://cloud.protemos.com website ("Site").
This Privacy Policy applies to the Site and other products and services offered by Protemos LLC. Personal identification information We may collect personal identification information from User in when User visit our site, register on the site, place an order, fill out a form, respond to a survey, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site.
User may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number.
We will collect personal identification information from User only if they voluntarily submit such information to us.
User can always refuse to supply personally identification information, but it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities. Non-personal identification information We may collect non-personal identification information about User whenever they interact with our Site.
Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about User means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information. Web browser cookies Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience.
User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them.
User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent.
If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly. How we use collected information Protemos LLC may collect and use User personal information for the following purposes:


To run and operate our Site.
We may need your information to display content on the Site correctly.

To improve customer service.
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.

To personalize user experience.
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our User as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.

To improve our Site.
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.

To process payments.
We may use the information User provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order.
We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.

To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature.
To send User information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.

To manage product reviews and ratings.
We may use third party service providers to help us manage product reviews and ratings left by User.

To send periodic emails.
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order.
It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.

To provide service and support.
We may use the phone number to provide User with service and support.
It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
 Storage of user personal information The user personal information is stored on Site server hosted in EU by the hosting provider, and also in the databases of the subprocessors listed in this document. Access to the data in your account We do not use or distribute your data in any way.
We do not store your passwords in readable format, so they are hashed and known only by you, so you agree to take all the precautions not to disclose them to unauthorized third parties.
We shall never ask you to provide any credentials to access your account.
Site uses HTTPS protocol for the authentication of the visited website and protection of the privacy and integrity of the exchanged data. How we protect your information We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site. Disposal of your information The information about users is deleted upon their request.
Protemos LLC deletes everything except for financial transaction records and related contracts, invoices and financial documents in cases when the User was a paid customer of Protemos LLC. Sharing your personal information We do not sell, trade, or rent User personal identification information to others.
We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys.
We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes. Electronic newsletters If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys.
We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes. Third party websites User may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties.
We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site.
In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing.
These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies.
Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies. Subprocessors Protemos LLC uses the following subprocessors for Site: Entity NamePurposeEntity Country WorldStreamHostingNetherlands SMTP2GOSystem email notificationsNew Zealand MailChimpNewslettersUnited States KayakoCustomer support (separate user self-registration)United Kingdom Changes to this Privacy Policy Protemos LLC has the discretion to update this Privacy Policy at any time.
When we do, we will send you an email.
We encourage User to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect.
You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically and become aware of modifications. Your acceptance of these terms By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy.
If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site.
Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed as your acceptance of those changes. Contacting us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, please contact our Data Protection Officer: Volodymyr Kukharenko E-mail: vk@protemos.com Phone: +38 (068) 271-60-10
