
Your privacy is important to us.
Psono follows some fundamental principles:

We do not ask for any information that we do not really need
We do not share your information with anyone except to comply with the German law, protect our rights and develop our product.

 Your personal data is processed by us only in accordance with the German data privacy law.
The following passages describes the type and purpose of the use of the gathered personal data.
This privacy policy only applies to “psono.com” and no other linked domains.


Contact Details:

If you are looking to contact the body that is responsible for the data privacy then please reach out to:
esaqa GmbHTiergartenstr.
1391247 VorraGermany
Managing Director: Sascha PfeifferCommercial Register: Nuremberg Registry Court HRB 37978USt-IdNr.: DE333156173E-mail: support@esaqa.com


Personal Data

 Any data (name, address, billing information, IP-address, …) is only used to fulfill the service and without a legal basis or your explicit consent, not given to any third parties.

 Psono.com collects personal-identifying information like for example the IP address while using our service, to ensure the service availability and to protect your account.
Psono may use that information for statistical analysis and may display this anonymized statistical analysis publicly or provide it to others.

Account holders in addition must specify some additional information during registration, like for example their e-mail address.
That information is used to prevent service disruptions and to inform users about security relevant information and provide services like password reset or to contact the user in case of new invoices or failed payments.


What User Data We Collect

When you visit the website, we may collect the following data:


Your IP address


Your browser / OS and version


Your language


Date and time of the request


Requested resource / website


Transfered data


Status code of the request


Website who refered you


Your contact information and email address


Data profile regarding your online behavior on our website


If you order a product or a service we collect in addition the following data:


Name


Address


Payment information




Why We Collect Your Data

We are collecting your data for several reasons:


To better understand your needs.


To improve our services and products.


To protect our system against attacks and fraud


To be able to invoice services proper




Your rights

You have the followinng rights about your personal data:


Right to be informed


Right of access


Right to rectification


Right to erasure


Right to restrict processing


Right to data portability


Right to object


Rights related to automated decision making including profiling


You further have the right to make a complaint to the ICO or another supervisory authority
ServicesServices that we use and that store and handle your data


Browser Storage

 For technical reason (login, sessions, ...) we are using browser storage (e.g.
cookies, local storage, ...), which stores data in your browser.


Google Analytics

 This website uses Google Analytics (GA) (by Google Inc), to analyse customer behaviour on the website.
GA for that reason uses cookies to identify and track users and user behaviour.
GA offers the possibility to opt out of this data collection by installing a browser plug-in here: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en Psono uses the GA's "nonymizeIP()" function, to truncate IPs before processing them to prevent direct associations to persons.


Mailgun

 This website is using Mailgun as a service to handle all e-mail traffic, that includes registration emails, support emails and potential security notifications.


Sendgrid

 This website is using Sendgrid as a service to handle newsletter.
Whenever a user subscribes to our newsletter, the email address is handled by Sendgrid in accordance with Sendgrid's terms of use .


Freshdesk

 This website uses Freshdesk to handle support requests.
Whenever you are opening a new ticket, via email or support form it will be processes by Freshdesk including all information that you may provide in the process (IP, email address, all data of your support request, ...).


Cloudflare

Psono is using Cloudflare to protect it's server from DDoS attacks, offer reduced load times for users and decrease the general server load.
Requests are proxied by servers that are closest to the user.
An overview of Cloudflares data privacy commitment can be found here in Cloudflare's privacy policy


Google Cloud Platform

 This website's backend services are hosted by Google on the Google Cloud Platform.
Google itself has the highest standards of privacy.
Yet as the platform provider, Google has access to all information that the application itself has access to (e.g.
your ip, email address, browser information, ...).More information about how Google handles informations and what measures have been applied can be found for example in Google's Terms of Service and Google's Data Processing and Security Terms


Firebase

 This website's frontend is hosted by Google's Firebase.
Firebase itself has the highest standards of privacy.
Yet as the platform provider, Firebase has access to all information that the application itself has access to (e.g.
your ip, email address, browser information, ...).More information about how Firebase handles information and what measures have been applied can be found for example in Firebase's Terms of Service and Firebase's Data Processing and Security Terms

Psono may update its privacy statement from time to time and we encourage everyone to check regularly.
It has last been updated March 16th, 2021.
