

At PsychonautWiki, your trust means everything to us.

We do our best to provide an accessible, coherent and private experience for our users.
That’s why we respect your privacy and protect it with strong encryption, plus strict policies that govern how all data is handled.

We have spent many thousands of hours engineering specialized software that protects your privacy.
You can always individually audit our infrastructure stack.

We will never question your motivations, desires and decisions.
We deeply believe that using evidence-based information, you can make informed decisions.

Our commitment to protecting your privacy comes from a deep respect for our users.
We know that your trust doesn’t come easy.

That’s why we have and always will work as hard as we can to earn and keep it.





To fulfill this guiding narrative, we obligate ourselves to the following, legally binding guarantees:




We will never keep logs at any component of our infrastructure.
Your IP is anonymized at all times.
Our servers are physically protected and located in a camera monitored data center in Falkenstein, Germany operated by Hetzner Online.
Your information is legally protected by German laws.
In Germany, gag orders do not exist.
Should we ever receive a court order, we will do our best not to comply and publish every single one immediately on the Main_Page or a designated, from the Main_Page linked article.
We will at any times promptly inform users targeted by law enforcement or any litigation.
We will only publish volunteered information about you and your identity.
We will do our best to comply with deletion requests.
We will never sell nor share in any way any information about our users to anyone.
We have never worked with any government agency from any country to create a backdoor on our platform.
We have also never allowed access to our servers.
And we never will.
Although every change is recorded and publicly visible, we can update this privacy policy effective immediately at any times without notifying you.







In addition to request processing, your data is used in the following places:




We use Google Analytics, Facebook Analytics, Yandex.Metrika and Countly to track usage of our platform, allowing us to edit missing, broken or outdated information and proactively curate content based on usage.
From time to time, we may be running private experiments changing the representation or behaviour of the site based on usage.
Therefore, parts, or all, of the recorded user data may be used to segment users and derive, induce or deduce, behavioural classes and patterns, reflecting the interests and motivations of a user, that may be used to form meaningful target groups.
Using collected, anonymized data, we may develop features that take advantage of this and improve the user experience for everyone.
We may include anonymized and sampled information in public reports about the progress of PsychonautWiki.



See also

PsychonautWiki
General disclaimer

Retrieved from ‘https://psychonautwiki.org/w/index.php?title=Privacy_policy&oldid=135830’

      