
        
Purple's Terms
Last Updated January 01, 2020
1.
Acceptance of Terms
Welcome to Purple Innovation, LLC dba Purple’s (“Company”, “we” or “our”) website (“Website”).
The Website, and any reference thereto herein, includes purple.com (https://purple.com) and the Purple Blog (https://purple.com/blog).
For your convenience, this Website contains the terms and conditions under which Purple agrees to do business with you.
By accessing or using this Website in any way, and/or by purchasing products or services from this Website, you expressly acknowledge and agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions (“Terms”).
Purple’s posted “Purple Privacy Policy”, its posted “Purple Return/Exchange and Refund Policy”, and its posted “Purple Warranty” and any operating rules, policies, price schedules, and other supplemental terms and conditions or documents that may also be published from time to time, are expressly incorporated herein by reference (collectively, the “Agreement”).
The Agreement is the contract that governs your relationship with Purple for any purchases or other transactions with Purple through the Website.
We reserve the right to modify the Agreement from time to time without prior notice to you.
You can know if these Terms and the other components of the Agreement have been changed by referring to the date at the top of each posted document.
It is your exclusive obligation to review the Agreement carefully.
Please do so.
If you do not agree to be bound by all provisions, do not purchase any products from the Website and please exit the Website promptly.
Your continued use of this Website after such changes will constitute acknowledgement and acceptance of the modified Agreement.
You should review the Agreement regularly for any changes.
All questions, inquiries or notices should be directed to:Purple Ecommerce Compliance 123 East 200 North Alpine, Utah 84004 Telephone: (801) 756-2600.
Email: info@onpurple.comUse of the Website and products and services offered by Purple (“Products” or “Product”) are available to and may be purchased by only such individuals who are: (1) at least 18 years of age, and (2) capable of entering into enforceable and legally binding contracts.
Purple, in its sole discretion, may, at any time and for any reason, deny and/or reject any order made by anyone.
When you access the Website, you: (1) certify you are at least 18 years of age.
(2) are legally capable and competent to enter into enforceable and legally binding contracts, and (3) agree to provide true, accurate, current, and complete information when prompted by the Website and/or Purple to enter and/or disclose such information, which will be subject to the Privacy Policy.When you transact any business with Purple, including but not limited to your placing any order on the Website, you expressly acknowledge that this Agreement is enforceable and legally binding, and that it provides the binding terms and conditions for your use of the Website and the purchase of any Products.
In submitting any order for any Product, you expressly certify that you read, understood, and agree to be bound by all of the provision of the Agreement.
2.
Click-Wrap
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT CONSTITUTES A LAWFUL AND VALID “CLICK-WRAP” AGREEMENT which means that, prior to allowing you to submit an order, the Website presents you with a message on your computer screen requiring that you affirmatively manifest your assent to the terms of this Agreement by clicking on an icon.
Specifically, the Website clearly and conspicuously provides a link to this Agreement and, thereafter, requires you to click a box wherein you indicated that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by this Agreement.
The Website does not allow you to proceed through the order process or submit an order unless you affirmatively manifest your assent to the terms of this Agreement by clicking in the box.
By clicking the box and submitting your order, you complete the foregoing “Click-Wrap” steps.
3.
Products
Purple is making this Website available solely for the purpose of enabling you to browse, gather information on, and purchase the Products described on this Website.
We reserve the right to change the description of our Products or to discontinue offering any of our Products at any time and without notice, and to exercise this right however we determine to be necessary or appropriate.
If you have a question about this Website or Products available to you for purchase on this Website, please contact Purple.
By using this Website to purchase Products, you agree you will use the Products only for personal use and not for any commercial, illegal or improper purpose.
Purple reserves the right to limit the sales or quantities of sales of our Products to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction, and to exercise this right on a case-by-case basis as determined to be necessary or appropriate.
4.
Intellectual Property
All of the content and material used in constructing this Website and that you see and hear on this Website is subject to United States and international copyright, trade dress, trademark and/or other intellectual property laws with all rights thereto held by Purple.
Use of any content or material on this Website without prior written authorized by Purple is strictly prohibited and may subject you to liability.
For purposes of these Agreement, “content and material” is defined as any information, communications, software, published works, photos, video, graphics, music, sounds, or other material that can be viewed or heard by users on our Website and is owned by Purple.
You are granted the limited permission to use this Website only as stated in these Terms.Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
Purple has not taken and will not take content from you or any third party unless it has been assigned to Purple pursuant to law.
However, if you are a copyright holder and have a good faith belief that any content or materials posted on this Website infringes your copyright, please send to us your notification of claimed infringement requesting the material to be removed or blocked.
Your notice must contain the following: (a) Reasonably sufficient details about the nature of the copyrighted work in question, or, in the case of multiple alleged infringements, a representative list of such works, including title(s), author(s), any U.S.
Copyright Registration number(s), URL(s) etc..
(b) Reasonably sufficient details to enable us to identify and locate the material that is allegedly infringing the copyright holder’s work(s) (for example, file name or URL of the page(s) that contain(s) the material).
(c) Your contact information so that we can make contact with you (including for example, your address, telephone number, and email address).
(d) A statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the material identified above in “b” is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
(e) A statement, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
and (f) Your signature.
Prior to sending us notice, you may wish to consult a lawyer to determine your rights and legal obligations under applicable laws.
Nothing here or anywhere on this Website is intended as a substitute for qualified legal advice.
You also acknowledge and agree that upon receipt of a notice of a claim of copyright infringement, we may temporarily or permanently remove the identified materials from the Website without liability to you or any other party.
5.
Use of Website
This Website is being made available solely for your personal use only for browsing and purchasing our Products and communicating with us.
You may NOT use this Website or its content: (a) for any commercial purpose.
(b) for any unlawful purpose.
(c) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts.
(d) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances.
(e) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others.
(f) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, disability, or gender.
(g) to submit false or misleading information.
(h) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of this Website or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet.
(i) to collect or track the personal identification information of others.
(j) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape.
(k) for any obscene or immoral purpose.
or (l) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of this Website or any related website, other websites, or the Internet.You may NOT resell or make commercial use of this Website, any of its content or any of the Products.
You may NOT modify, adapt, translate or convert into another form any portion of this Website.
You may NOT copy, reproduce, download, display, perform, transfer, transmit or publish any of the content of this Website by any means or in any form, other than for your own personal use.
You may NOT access this Website from any jurisdiction where doing so would be illegal.
You agree to use this Website only for its intended purpose and in a manner that is authorized.
Without intending any limitation of the above prohibitions, you agree to comply with all laws pertaining to privacy, data collection and protection, intellectual property, contract and other applicable laws, including but not limited to those laws in the jurisdiction in which you reside or from which you use this Website, and you agree not to transmit any worms, viruses or any code of a destructive nature.
We reserve the right to terminate your authorization to use this Website should you violate any of the prohibited uses.If you know of, or suspect, copyright or trademark infringement or other unauthorized or improper use of the contents of this Website by others, including but not limited to uses for commercial purposes, please notify Purple.
6.
Billing and Electronic Signature
You agree to timely pay the purchase price and related Shipping and Handling costs (if any) when such sums are due and owing as consideration for Company’s sale and delivery of the Products to you.
The Website provides various pay options for you convenience, including credit card, debit card, Amazon pay and various financing options.
As part of your submitting any order through the Website, you will be required to type your name.
This constitutes your electronic signature, and it is your verification that your name, address, and billing information is correct and that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by this Agreement.YOU AGREE THAT THE COMPANY MAY RELY UPON YOUR TYPE-WRITTEN ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE AS CONFIRMING YOUR AGREEMENT TO PURCHASE THE PRODUCTS ORDERED AND TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT.
You also acknowledge and agree that the Company’s reliance upon your electronic signature is specifically sanctioned by the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act and the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Transactions Act.
Both laws specifically preempt all state laws that recognize only paper and handwritten signatures, which shall hereby be deemed waived by you.All Products that you purchase from the Company are subject to the terms of this Agreement and the risks of loss and title for such Products pass to you upon the Company’s delivery of the Products to the carrier for your benefit.
This means that title to the Products legally transfers to you, and that you bear the risk of loss of the Products during shipment.
Nothing herein requires you to pay shipping costs that are not clearly communicated to you at the time of purchase.
7.
Payment and Shipping
The prices for the Products are displayed on the Website, and Purple will take reasonable efforts to make sure those prices are accurate.
However, the prices displayed to you are subject to change at any time.
Also, the displayed prices do not include taxes.
Any change in prices and any sales tax will be communicated to you before you complete your order pursuant to the Click-Wrap process.
All transactions will be in U.S.
dollars.
The Products you order will be shipped to the address you state during the check-out process.
There will be no undisclosed additional charge for shipping or handling.
You agree to provide current, complete and accurate information for all purchases made using this Website.
If incorrect, you agree to promptly update your information, including without limitation your email address, billing address, telephone number, and credit card number and expiration date, so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed.We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us.
We may, in our sole discretion, cancel orders that, in our judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors for resale rather than for personal use, or for use in any of the prohibited ways listed herein.
We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order.
These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer, billing or shipping addresses, or credit card.
In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you using the e-mail address and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made.For details about returns, please review the Purple Return/Exchange and Refund Policy which by this reference is incorporated herein.
You are required to carefully read the Purple Return/Exchange and Refund Policy prior to transacting any business with Purple as part of this Agreement.
8.
Pre-Shipment Cancellation
You may cancel your order at any time prior to shipment of the purchased Products without penalty by contacting Purple via email at info@onpurple.com with the Subject Heading “Order Cancellation.” Any order that has already been shipped may not be cancelled in this manner and is subject to the posted Purple Return/Exchange and Refund Policy.
9.
Warranty
The Purple Warranty sets forth Purple’s warranties for each Product, and by this reference The Purple Warranty is incorporated herein.
There is no guarantee or warranty that is not provided therein.
You are required to carefully read The Purple Warranty prior to transacting any business with Purple as part of this Agreement.
10.
Privacy
The Purple Privacy Policy sets forth Purple’s privacy practices with regard to the collection and use of your personal information when using purple.com or Purple’s other websites, applications, products, services, and offerings.
The Purple Privacy Policy is incorporated herein by this reference.
You are required to carefully read the Purple Privacy Policy prior to transacting any business with Purple as part of this Agreement.
Please note that Purple is a publicly traded company that is required to keep transaction data sufficient to maintain its financial records in accordance with GAAP, its document retention policies and other standards.s
11.
Submissions
We appreciate hearing your comments, suggestions and testimonials regarding this Website, any of our media content, any of our Products, and your participation in any contest we may hold.
However, nothing in these Terms should be construed to require from you any comments, suggestions, testimonials or materials of any kind (collectively “Submissions”).
The only consideration given by Purple in exchange for any Submission is the right of use of this Website which you acknowledge and agree is sufficient consideration for your Submission and the assignment to Purple of any ideas, concepts, content and other intellectual property included therewith or contained therein.
Any of your Submissions, whether provided electronically via this Website or otherwise, shall be and remain the exclusive property of Purple.
This includes any of your ideas or inventions contained in your Submissions.
Your Submissions shall constitute a voluntary and irrevocable assignment to Purple of all worldwide intellectual property rights in your Submissions, entitling Purple to use, make, have made, offer to sell, sell, copy, reproduce, display, translate, summarize, modify, edit, publish, adapt, incorporate into other works and/or distribute them for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without restriction and without compensation to you.
Accordingly, your Submissions may be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary (subject to Purple’s Privacy Policy).
Please do NOT submit information you do not wish to assign to Purple or you do wish to retain as confidential or proprietary (for example patentable ideas, new content suggestions or business proposals).
Also, by your Submissions, you represent and warrant that the content is your own original content and that no other person has any rights thereto.
You represent and warrant that your Submissions do not and will not violate any right(s) of any third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, or other personal or proprietary right.
You further agree that your Submissions will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of this Website or any related website.
You may not use false personal identification information, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the origin of your Submissions.
You are solely responsible for the Submissions you make and their complete accuracy.Regarding Submission, Purple invokes Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act (47 U.S.C.
§ 230) (hereinafter “CDA”).
Purple advises users of its Website that parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software, or filtering services) are commercially available that may assist the customer in limiting access to material that is harmful to minors.
Pursuant to the CDA, Purple takes no responsibility and assume no liability for any Submissions you make to us.
We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion to be unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or in violation of any third-party’s intellectual property rights or these Terms.
12.
Disclaimer
ALTHOUGH PURPLE TAKES REASONABLE EFFORTS TO VERIFY THE CONTENT OF THIS WEBSITE, WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR GUARANTEE THAT THE CONTENT IS ACCURATE, COMPLETE, USEFUL, TIMELY OR RELIABLE OR THAT THIS WEBSITE WILL OPERATE WITHOUT ERROR OR DISRUPTION.
THIS WEBSITE COULD INCLUDE TECHNICAL OR OTHER MISTAKES, INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS.
WE MAY MAKE CHANGES TO THE CONTENT OF THIS WEBSITE AND PRODUCTS OFFERED AT THIS WEBSITE, INCLUDING THE PRICES AND DESCRIPTIONS OF ANY PRODUCTS, AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE.
THE CONTENT OF THIS WEBSITE OR PRODUCTS AVAILABLE AT THIS WEBSITE MAY BE OUT OF DATE, AND WE MAKE NO COMMITMENT TO UPDATE SUCH CONTENT OR PRODUCTS.
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT: (A) YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK, AND THE WEBSITE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS ONLY, AND PURPLE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES AS TO SERVICES PROVIDED ON THIS WEBSITE, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
(B) WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, AND SUBJECT TO THE PURPLE WARRANTY, PURPLE MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT (i) THE WEBSITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (ii) THE WEBSITE OR OFFERINGS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, ERROR-FREE, OR VIRUS OR MALWARE FREE, (iii) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE WEBSITE WILL BE EFFECTIVE, ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, (iv) THE QUALITY OF ANY CONTENT OBTAINED FROM THE WEBSITE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS OR BE FREE FROM MISTAKES, ERRORS OR DEFECTS, OR (v) ANY ERRORS IN THE WEBSITE WILL BE CORRECTED.
AND (C) ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED FROM THIS SITE IS ACCESSED AT YOUR OWN RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR MOBILE DEVICE THAT RESULTS FROM THE USE OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR DEALINGS WITH ANY THIRD PARTY RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE.
YOU AGREE TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTES WITH THIRD PARTIES DIRECTLY WITH SUCH PARTIES, AND YOU AGREE NOT TO INVOLVE PURPLE IN ANY DISPUTE WITH THIRD PARTIES.
YOU RELEASE PURPLE FROM ALL CLAIMS, DEMANDS AND DAMAGES RELATED TO DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD PARTIES.WE MAKE NO PROMISES AND DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY FOR USE OF THIS WEBSITE OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES AND CANADA.
13.
Limitation of Liability
YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY AND OUR ENTIRE LIABILITY, IF ANY, FOR ANY CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE, AND YOUR PURCHASE AND USE OF ANY PRODUCT SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT YOU PAID US FOR PRODUCTS PURCHASED THROUGH THIS WEBSITE.
IN NO EVENT SHALL PURPLE OR ANY LICENSOR OF PURPLE, OR ANY OF THEIR DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AFFILIATES, AGENTS, CONTRACTORS, SUPPLIERS, OR SERVICE PROVIDERS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE RESULTING FROM BODILY HARM, PERSONAL INJURY, LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF THIS WEBSITE OR INABILITY TO USE THIS WEBSITE, AND/OR THE PURCHASE AND/OR USE OF ANY PRODUCT.
FURTHER, WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE IN ANY WAY FOR THIRD PARTY PROMISES.IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH THIS WEBSITE, ANY CONTENT ON THIS WEBSITE, OR THESE TERMS, YOUR SOLE REMEDY AND EXPRESS OBLIGATION IS TO STOP USING THE WEBSITE.
DO NOT MAKE ANY PURCHASES FROM THE WEBSITE.
IN THE EVENT YOU FAIL TO STOP USING THE WEBSITE AND CLAIM SOME INJURY AS THE RESULT, YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY AND HOLD PURPLE HARMLESS FROM ANY AND ALL LOSSES OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING ATTORNEY’S FEES INCURRED BY PURPLE IN DEFENSE OF ANY ACTION INITIATED BY YOU OR A THIRD PARTY.SOME JURISDICTIONS PROHIBIT THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES.
BY USING THIS WEBSITE OR TRANSACTING ANY BUSINESS WITH PURPLE, YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE TO THE JURISDICTION OF ARBITRATION PANELS AND COURTS OF THE STATE OF UTAH AND THAT UTAH LAW GOVERNS YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH PURPLE.
14.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold Purple (and its directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, suppliers, service providers or licensors) harmless from all liabilities, claims, and expenses, including attorneys’ fees that may arise from your use or misuse of this Website, your breach of this Agreement or your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party.
We will provide notice to you promptly of any such claim, suit, or proceeding.
We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will cooperate with us in asserting any available defenses.
15.
International Use
Although this Site may be accessible worldwide, we make no representation that Products available on this Website are appropriate or available for use in locations outside the United States.
Those who choose to access this Website from outside the United States do so on their own initiative and at their own risk.
If you choose to access this Website and to purchase Products, you are responsible for compliance with local laws in your jurisdiction, including but not limited to protection of personal identification information and the taxation of products purchased over the Internet.
Any offer for Product made in connection with this Website is void where prohibited.
Purple reserves the right to refuse or rescind the purchase of Products from locations outside the United States.
Where a purchase outside the United States is allowed to occur, Purple reserves the right to modify or void any or all refund and warranty policies.
16.
Governing Law
This Site is controlled by Purple from our offices in Alpine, Utah USA, and the statutes and laws of Utah and the United States shall be controlling, without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof.
You agree and hereby submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the Arbitration panels and Courts located in Utah with respect to any claim arising in any way out of your use of the Website, your purchase of any Products, your use of any Products, and/or your transaction of any business in any way with Purple.Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, sales made outside the State of Utah or the United States are agreed by you to be made at your initiative and request and are not intended by Purple to be a voluntary submission to the personal jurisdiction of the courts in those locations.
17.
Dispute Resolution Policy
For purposes of the Dispute Resolution Policy, a “Dispute” is defined as any controversy, claim, dispute, or difference arising between you and Purple out of or relating to this Agreement, the Products (including your use thereof), your transacting business with Purple in any way, or your use of the Website in any way.Any Dispute shall be resolved solely and exclusively by arbitration to be held in Salt Lake County or Utah County, Utah with a single disinterested arbitrator and pursuant to Utah law.
You expressly acknowledge that arbitration does not permit class action proceedings, and by entering into this Agreement, you expressly waive any right to participate in a class action proceeding, either as a representative, participant, or member, and you expressly agree to proceed in a non-class arbitration.
Except as may be required to enforce an arbitration decision, you and Purple expressly waive any right to file any legal action in any other state or federal court or before any other tribunal, and any right to a trial by jury.
Each party to such arbitration shall be responsible for its own attorneys’ fees and costs regardless of the outcome of the arbitration.
18.
Notices
All notices to a party shall be in writing and shall be made either via email or conventional mail.
Notices to us must be sent to the attention of Ecommerce Compliance at the addresses set forth above.
You agree to allow us to submit notices to you either through the email address provided, or to an address we have on record.
Any notices or communication under this Agreement will be deemed delivered to the party receiving such communication (1) on the delivery date if delivered personally to the party.
(2) two business days after deposit with a commercial overnight carrier, with written verification of receipt.
(3) five business days after the mailing date, if sent by U.S.
mail, return receipt requested.
(4) on the delivery date if transmitted by confirmed facsimile.
or (5) on the delivery date if transmitted by confirmed email.
19.
Force Majeure
In addition to any excuse provided by applicable law, we shall be excused from liability for non-delivery or delay in delivery of Products available through our Website arising from any event beyond our reasonable control, whether or not foreseeable by either party, including but not limited to: labor disturbance, war, fire, accident, adverse weather, inability to secure transportation, governmental act or regulation, and other causes or events beyond our reasonable control, whether or not similar to those which are enumerated above.
20.
Savings Clause and Severability
If any part of this Agreement is held unlawful, void, invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed in a manner consistent with applicable law to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original intentions of the Agreement, and the remaining portions shall remain in full force and effect.
21.
No Waiver
Any failure by us to enforce or exercise any provision of this Agreement or related rights shall not constitute a waiver of that right or provision.
Our rights and remedies under this Agreement is cumulative, and the exercise of a right or recovery of a remedy shall not limit or prevent our exercise of another right or recover another remedy allowed under these Terms.Also incorporated into this Agreement by reference as if fully set forth herein are the following:PURPLE PRIVACY POLICYPURPLE RETURN/EXHANGE AND REFUND POLICYPURPLE WARRANTYACCEPTANCE OF AGREEMENT.You acknowledge that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement which includes these Terms and Conditions, the Purple Privacy Policy, the Purple Return/Exchange and Refund Policy, and the Purple Warranty.
This Agreement constitutes the entire and only agreement between you and Purple with respect to your access or use of the Website, your purchase of Products, and your transaction of business with Purple in any way, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements, representations, warranties or understandings.The content contained in this Agreement, and the analyses, opinions, research, and any other information provided by or through the Website, through Customer Support, or through any other agent of the Company may be updated or amended from time to time, in whole or in part, without specific notice to you.
The latest terms of this Agreement will be posted on the Website.
Your continued access or use of the Website, or receipt of new Products shall constitute your acceptance of all of the Terms and Conditions posted at the time of those specific transactions.
You agree to regularly check the Website for such updates or amendments.
22.
Mobile Communication and Promotions
Purple offers a mobile alert program (the “Program”), subject to Purple’s Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.
The Program gives you the opportunity to receive information, promotional materials, offers and rewards regarding Purple and its products direct to your phone through SMS/MMS messaging (“Mobile Messages”) and/or other social media communication tools.
If you no longer with the participate in the program or no longer agree to these Terms or the specific terms set forth in this provision, you can reply “STOP” to any Mobile Message from Purple in order to opt out of the Program.
You may Opt-Out at any time, without penalty or charge.Purple does not send unsolicited Mobile Messages.
You will only receive Mobile Messages if you have submitted an Opt-In request using your mobile device, such as through texting a keyword or short code to opt into the Program or through opting-in online by providing your mobile number.
Regardless of the opt-in method you utilized to join the Program, you agree that these Terms apply to your participation in the Program.The mobile messaging service used by Company to communicate with you requires human intervention for Company’s mobile messages to be initiated, and thus Company’s mobile messages are not sent to you by an automatic telephone dialing system (“ATDS” or “autodialer”).
Nevertheless, by participating in the Program, you agree to receive autodialed marketing mobile messages and you understand that consent is not required to make any purchase from Company.
You also recognize that message and data rates may apply and are your sole responsibility.
The Program involves recurring mobile messages, and additional mobile messages may be sent based on your interaction with Company.
You also agree that Purple may use the data you submit (i.e., your name and/or mobile phone number) to locate you on, and communication with you through, other social media channels (e.g., Facebook).It is a violation of this policy to use another’s mobile phone number to opt-in to this Program, or any other similar Purple program.
In opting-in, you represent and warrant, under penalty of perjury, that the mobile number you used to opt-in is yours.
It is also a violation of this policy to opt-in any third party without their express, written consent.All of Purple’s standard Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy apply to the Program.
To the extent there are any inconsistencies, this provision governs.
Privacy Policy
Last Updated January 01, 2020
At Purple Innovation, LLC dba Purple (referred to as “Purple,” “us,” “our” or “we”), we recognize that your privacy is important.
Purple’s Privacy Policy (referred to as “Policy”) discloses the privacy practices for purple.com and all other Purple websites, applications, products, services, and offerings (collectively referred to as the “Products”).
This Policy explains how your personal information is collected, used, and shared.
that we receive or collect about you is treated.
This Policy is designed to be read in connection with the Terms and Conditions.
By accessing or using our Products, you agree to be bound by the Terms and Conditions and this Policy.
1.
How and What Information We Collect
We do not collect any information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us by visiting our Site, completing a transaction on our Site for the purchase of our Products, or communicating with us.
When you browse our websites, we automatically receive aggregate information about your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address and the type of computer and web browser you use.
When you purchase Products from our websites as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal identification information you give us such as your name, address, email address, telephone number, and credit card payment information.
We may also collect other personal information from you as a result of your communications with us.
2.
How We Use Your Information
When you use our Site and engage in a transaction, we use your personal information to complete payment, deliver purchased Products, communicate with you regarding the transaction, enhance the operation of our Site, improve our internal marketing and promotional efforts, statistically analyze Site use, improve our product offerings, and customize our Site’s content, layout, and services.
When you provide your personal contact information, such as your email address, we may use this information to deliver newsletters, promotional offers and other useful information to you.
Finally, we may use the information you provide to use to provide non-promotional notices, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our agreements with you, including our Site Terms and Conditions of Use, and this Policy.
3.
Consent to the Collection and Use of Your Information
BY USING THE SITE, YOU GIVE YOUR CONSENT THAT ALL PERSONAL DATA THAT MAY BE PROCESSED BY US IN THE MANNER AND FOR THE PURPOSES DESCRIBED HEREIN.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, DO NOT USE THE SITE.
When you provide your personal contact information, such as your email address, you are given your affirmative consent to receive promotional communications from us.
If you change your mind after you provide your affirmative consent, you may withdraw your consent on the Site or by contacting us (see contact information below) with an unsubscribe notice.
If we send you any commercial communication via email, we will also provide an unsubscribe mechanism therein.
Please allow up to 10 days for us to process any unsubscribe request.
4.
Disclosure to Third Parties
We have made contractual arrangements with affiliates, service providers, partners and other third parties (“Service Providers”) to process your Personal information on our behalf.
Our Service Providers may need to use some of your information in order to perform tasks between our respective sites and to deliver products or services to you or to us.
For example, we must release your credit card information to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment for Products purchased on the Site, release your address information to the delivery service to deliver products that you ordered, and provide order information to third parties that help us provide customer service.
Other Service Partners include third parties who operate and maintain our Site and provide marketing services.
In general, the Service Providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to you or us.
Many of our third-party Service Providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies governing the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies, so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located in a different jurisdiction other than either you or us.
So, if you elect to proceed with a transaction, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that Service Provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
We encourage our Service Providers to adopt and promote strong privacy policies.
However, the use of your information by our Service Providers is governed by the respective privacy policies of those providers and is not subject to our control.
Except as otherwise discussed in this Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you.
We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties.
Shopify Inc.: Shopify provides us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our Products to you over our Site.
Some of your personal identification information is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases and the general Shopify application.
Your credit card information is never stored on our servers.
We understand that Shopify stores your personal identification information on a secure server behind a firewall.
Your personal identification information is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS).
Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction.
After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.
All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.
PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our Site and its service providers.
For more insight, you may also want to read Shopify’s Terms of Service or Privacy Policy found at https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy.
5.
Links to Other Sites
Our Products may include links to the websites of our business partners, vendors, advertisers or other third parties.
These other websites are outside of our control.
Please be aware that these websites may collect information about you and operate according to their own privacy practices which may differ from those contained in our Policy.
We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application that they interact with.
We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications.
Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.
Our Products may also contain links and interactive features with various social media platforms.
If you already use these platforms, their cookies may be set on your device when using our Products.
You should be aware that Personal Information which you voluntarily include and transmit online in a publicly accessible blog, chat room, social media platform or otherwise online, or that you share in an open forum may be viewed and used by others without any restrictions.
We are unable to control such uses of your information when interacting with a social media platform, and by using such services you assume the risk that the Personal Information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties for any number of purposes.
6.
Sale of Your Information
When you visit and interact with our Site, certain third parties, such as Google, may receive access to your personal information for the purpose of providing you online advertising personalized to your interests, based on the websites you visit before and after you visit our Sites.
We do not otherwise sell, share, rent or trade the information your Personal Information.
If you are a California or Nevada consumer, you may opt out of being tracked by Google and similar third parties by clicking here.
7.
How We Use Cookies
We will store cookies on your computer in order to collect certain data about our users and to customize certain aspects of your specific user experience.
A cookie is a small data text file which is stored on your computer that uniquely identifies your browser.
Cookies may also include additional personalized information, such as your IP address, browser type, the server your computer is logged onto, the area code and zip code associated with your server, and your first name to welcome you back to our Site.
We use the following different types of cookies:

Essential: These cookies are required to use our website.
For example, essential cookies allow you to add items to your cart and checkout.
Performance: These cookies track how you interact with our website.
For example, performance cookies help us monitor aggregate site usage metrics to let us know which pages on our website load slowly or are not optimized for mobile use.
We use this information to make improvements to our user experience.
Functionality: These cookies track information about you to make our website easier to use and navigate after your initial visit.
Marketing and Advertising: These cookies help us personal the transaction-related services we make available to you.

Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
However, some aspects of the Site may not function properly if you elect to disable cookies.
8.
Do Not Track
Some browsers have a “do not track” feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked.
We currently do not respond to browser “do not track” signals.
9.
Security of Your Information
We have adopted reasonable physical, technical, and administrative safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access of your personal information.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
As a result, while we strive to protect your personal identification information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control.
and (b) the security, integrity and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
10.
Retention of Your Personal Information
We will retain your personal information for as long as needed to provide you products or services, comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Please note that Purple is a publicly traded company that is required to keep transaction data sufficient to maintain its financial records in accordance with GAAP, and other standards.
11.
Age of Consent
You must be at least 18 years old to use this Site to purchase Products.
We do not knowingly direct our products to children or collect, use, or disclose information about minor visitors.
If you use our Site to make a purchase, you represent that you are at least the age of majority under the laws of the jurisdiction of your place of residence or that you are the age of majority under the laws of the jurisdiction of you place of residence.
If you believe your child has provided us with Personal Information, please alert us at privacy@purple.com.
If we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a minor, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the minor’s account.
12.
Rights of California Residents
If you are a California resident, you have the right to request access to information, request the deletion of information, request Purple Innovation, LLC disclose information, and request information about how Purple Innovation, LLC sells or discloses your information to third parties for a business purpose.
Regarding information we sell or disclose to third parties, you have the right to opt out of such sale or disclosure at any time.
You can exercise your right to opt out on our website: https://purple.com/consumer-opt-out.
Please see our CCPA Privacy Notice here for additional information regarding our privacy practices in California.
13.
International Users
Our Products are intended for users from the United States and those not governed by privacy policies of other countries.
DO NOT SEND US INFORMATION UNLESS YOU CONSENT TO THE APPLICATION OF U.S.
LAW AND TO THE USE AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION CONSISTENT WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
If you use our Site from outside the United States to purchase Products you will be transferring data to us in the United States, and your use will constitute your unambiguous consent and agreement that the transfer is freely given in compliance with the laws of the country where you are accessing and using our Site.
Prior to making a purchase, you may wish to consult a lawyer to determine your rights under applicable laws.
Nothing here or anywhere on this Site is intended as a substitute for qualified legal advice.
You have the right to not make a purchase and to stop using this Site, and to contact us to remove any personal identification information we may have received from you during your prior use of this Site.
14.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Policy from time to time.
We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
If we make any material changes to how we treat our customers’ personal information, we will notify you by email to the primary email address specified in your account, and through a notice on our website’s home page.
You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active email address to contact you.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Your continued use of the Site to browse or purchase Products available through this Site, or to communicate with us, after such modifications will constitute your acknowledgment of the modified Policy and your agreement to abide and be bound by the modified Policy(ies).
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
15.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: Purple Innovation, LLC 123 East 200 North Alpine, Utah 84004 Toll Free: (833) 568-5716 Email: privacy@purple.com
ADA Policy
Last Updated January 01, 2020
Purple’s goal is to permit customers and potential customers to successfully gather information and conduct business through our website, including individuals with visual impairments that use screen readers to view the website.
Purple has taken steps and is devoting resources to promote website accessibility.
If you have difficulty accessing features or functions on this website, email us at info@purple.com and/or call our customer service line at 888-848-8456 and we will work with you to provide the information you seek.
