

 Products 
 Storage 
 All Storage Products 
 Enterprise NAS 
 SMB NAS 
 Home NAS 
 Expansion Units 
 QNAP RAID Calculator 
 Enterprise ZFS NAS 
 Cold Data Storage 
 Accessories 
 Product Performance 
 NAS Migration 
 QNAP software store 
 Highlight TVS-h1288X ZFS-based NAS with built-in 10GBASE-T and 2.5GbE connectivity, compatible with the QXP-T32P Thunderbolt 3 PCIe expansion card Learn More 
 Networking 
 QuCPE Network Virtualization Premise Equipment 
 QNE Network Operating System 
 AMIZ Cloud Orchestrator Management Platform 
 QuWAN vRouter SD-WAN Solution 
 Compare Switches 
 QGD Smart Switches (PoE Managed) 
 QHora Wi-Fi SD-WAN Router 
 QMiro/QMiro Plus Mesh Wi-Fi Router 
 QSW Switches (PoE/Managed/Unmanaged) 
 Wake on WAN Devices 
 Network Expansion Card 
 Highlight QGD-1602P Smart edge PoE managed switch that hosts virtual machines, features 2.5GbE and 10GbE capability, and supports SD-WAN Learn More 
 Interface Cards &amp.
Accelerators 
 Interface Cards 
 Computing Accelerators 
 Accessories 
 Highlight Fibre Channel Cards Add QNAP NAS to your existing Fibre Channel SAN environment by using the budget-friendly 16Gb/32Gb Fibre Channel expansion cards Learn More 
 PC &amp.
Workstations 
 Performance Accessories 
 Direct Attached Storage (DAS) 
 QM2 for PC and Server 
 DAS for PC 
 Highlight RAID Expansion Enclosure Flexible RAID expansion solution for both NAS and computers Learn More 
 Direct Attached Storage (DAS) 
 Cloud NAS 
 Top reasons you need QuTScloud 
 QuTScloud for Public Cloud 
 QuTScloud for Private Cloud 
 Highlight QuTScloud Start your cloud NAS to optimize cloud data usage and hybrid cloud collaboration Learn More 
 Cloud Service 
 Surveillance Appliance 
 QVR Pro Appliance Comparison 
 QVR Pro Appliance 
 Highlight QVR Pro Surveillance solution on QNAP NAS with eight free monitoring channels Learn More 
 Video Conferencing 
 KoiMeeter - Smart Video Conferencing Solution 
 KoiBot - AI Commercial Robot 
 AfoBot 
 Highlight KoiMeeter All-in-one: video call, wireless presentation and AI functions Learn More 


 Solutions 
 Storage &amp.
Backup 
 File Management 
 Storage Management 
 Storage Management (QuTS hero) 
 Backup and Recovery 
 HBS 3 Backup, Sync and Restore 
 QuDedup Source-based Deduplication 
 Hyper Data Protector: Virtuelle Maschine Backup 
 2.5GbE Solutions 
 Snapshot 
 Snapshot (QuTS hero) 
 Qsync 
 Boxafe - SaaS Backup 
 Fibre Channel SAN 
 Highlight 2.5GbE Solutions Find out more affordable and easy-to-use 2.5GbE NAS, network cards, USB adapters, and switches Learn More 
 Business Solutions 
 All-Flash Solution 
 IT Administration 
 VMs and Containers 
 Storage for Virtualization 
 DA Drive Analyzer - Predict Drive Failure 
 Home Lab 
 10GbE High-speed Connectivity 
 Performance-driven Storage 
 SSD Technologies 
 QuObject - S3 compatible object storage 
 High Availability Solutions 
 Highlight 10GbE Solutions Affordable &amp.
comprehensive 10GbE solutions for small businesses and home users Learn More 
 QuWAN SD-WAN Solution 
 Hybrid Cloud Solutions 
 QNAP x Multi-Cloud 
 QNAP Cloud Storage Gateways 
 HybridMount - File-based Cloud Gateway 
 VJBOD Cloud - Block-based Cloud Gateway 
 AWS Storage Gateway Appliance 
 Highlight HybridMount File-based Cloud Gateway Learn More 
 Home Cloud 2.0 
 Wi-Fi NAS 
 Content Creation 
 Video Editing 
 Storage for Adobe 
 Home Lab 
 Thunderbolt™ 3 NAS 
 Thunderbolt™ 2 NAS 
 exFAT Ready NAS 
 Highlight Multimedia Editing High-speed storage solutions optimized for video production Learn More 
 Multimedia 
 Photo Storage 
 Apple Users 
 Home Multimedia 
 QuMagie AI-powered Photo Management 
 CAYIN MediaSign Player - Video Playback and Converter 
 Plex Media Server 
 Twonky Server 
 Roon Music Server 
 Cinema28 Multi-zone Multimedia Management 
 Highlight QuMagie AI-powered Photo Management Learn More 
 Operating System 
 QTS 4.5 
 QTS System Service 
 Security Counselor 
 Notification Center 
 QuTS hero 4.5 
 QES 2.1 
 Highlight QTS 4.5 Featuring solid architecture, high-speed backup and enabling innovative hybrid storage Learn More 
 Security Features 
 Surveillance &amp.
Video Analytics 
 QVR Face - QNAP Smart Facial Recognition Solution 
 QVR Face NAS Selector 
 QVR Elite Surveillance Solution (Subscription-based) 
 QVR Elite Supported Cameras 
 QVR Pro Surveillance Solution 
 QVR Pro Supported Cameras 
 QVR Pro / QVR Elite NAS Selector 
 QVR Center / QVR Guard 
 QVR DoorAccess Smart Access Control System 
 QVR Human - QNAP’s people counting solution 
 Highlight QVR Elite Subscription-based smart surveillance solution with lower TCO (starting from US $1.99/month) and higher scalability Learn More 
 Productivity 
 QNAP Remote Work Solution 
 Mattermost - Instant Messaging Platform 
 Teamwork &amp.
Collaboration 
 Digital Workflow 
 PaperOffice - Document Management System 
 Qsirch Full-text Search Engine 
 Qfiling Automatic File Organization 
 Qmiix Web Automation Service 
 Container Station 
 MediQPACS - NAS as a PACS Server 
 Linux Station 
 Browser Station 
 WorldCard Team - Business Contacts Management 
 Highlight Qsirch Google-like search tool for you to quickly find images, videos, and other files on your NAS Learn More 
 AIoT 
 IoT Solutions 
 QNAP NAS as an IIoT Gateway 
 QNAP NAS as an IoT Platform 
 QIoT Containers 
 QIoT Forum 
 QuAI 
 OpenVINO Workflow Consolidation Tool 
 Computing Accelerators 
 Highlight TS-2888X AI-Ready NAS Learn More 
 Tools &amp.
Resources 
 Utilities 
 Mobile Apps 
 App Center 
 Online Demo 
 Developers 
 Case Studies 
 White Papers 
 Highlight Qsync Dropbox-like file syncing and sharing for enhanced teamwork and collaboration Learn More 


 Support 
 Tutorials &amp.
FAQ 
 Tutorials 
 FAQ 
 NASpedia 
 What is NAS? 
 QNAP Live 
 Highlight QNAP Live Learn the essentials of QNAP products and applications Learn More 
 Compatibility 
 Product Compatibility 
 Storage Expansion Compatibility 
 NAS Migration 
 QVR Elite Supported Cameras 
 QVR Pro Supported Cameras 
 Surveillance Station Supported Cameras 
 Highlight Compatibility List Check the compatibility of your hard drives and devices with QNAP products Learn More 
 Security 
 Overview 
 Product Security News 
 Security Advisories 
 Highlight Against Ransomware A snapshot a day keeps data loss away! All QNAP NAS features snapshots. Learn More 
 Support &amp.
Resources 
 Technical Support 
 QNAP RMA Service 
 Check RMA Status 
 Release Notes 
 Product Support Status 
 QNAP RAID Calculator 
 QNAP Blog 
 QNAP Community 
 Developers 
 Sales Inquiry 
 Contact Us 
 Technical Advisory 
 Highlight QNAP RAID Calculator Select your ideal NAS based on storage capacity and RAID level you need Learn More 
 Download Center 
 Utilities 
 Mobile Apps 
 App Center 


 Buy 
 QNAP software store 
 Where to Buy 
 Asia &amp.
Oceania 
 North America 
 Europe &amp.
CIS 
 Africa 
 Latin America &amp.
Caribbean 
 Middle East 
 Highlight Accessories Store Gear up your NAS and devices Learn More 
 Buy Extended Warranty 
 Accessories Store 


 About Us 
 About QNAP 
 Newsroom 
 Awards &amp.
Reviews 
 QNAP Partners 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms of Use 
 Contact Us 




 Search 
 Global - English 
 Sign in 
 QNAP ID 
 Software Store 
 Service Portal 
 Account Center 
 Sign out Menu × DATA PRIVACY NOTICE (for QID, version 2.1)
Effective date: May 25, 2018
QNAP Systems, Inc.
Protecting the personal privacy of every customer, vendor, and employee is a crucial part of gaining and keeping your trust in QNAP Systems, Inc.
(the "Company", "we", "us").
As a global organization, we strive to deploy consistent, rigorous policies and procedures to provide a high level of privacy protection across all of our businesses and services.
This Notice does not apply to third-party applications, products, services, websites or social media features that may be accessed through links that we provide on our websites and interfaces.
Accessing those links may result in the collection of information about you by a third party.
We do not control or endorse those third-party websites or their privacy practices.
We encourage you to review the privacy policies of such third parties before interacting with them.
Your privacy is of utmost importance to us.
We render our products and services to you on the basis of your understanding of your data privacy rights.
This Notice will be made multi-language, and all language versions shall be valid.
In case of any discrepancy between the English version and other language versions, the English version shall prevail.
Please read this Notice carefully.
When visiting our website and using our services that link to or reference this Notice, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Notice. What is your personal data? Personal data is any information that relates to an identifiable living individual.
Any piece of data—whether by itself or used in conjunction with other pieces of data in a data controller’s possession—that can be used to identify you is considered your personal data.
The processing of your personal data is governed by applicable privacy laws. What role do we play in processing your personal data? We are the data controller with respect to processing your data.
This means that we decide how your personal data is processed and for what purposes.
We know that you care about how your personal data is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly.
For more information, you can contact us using the channels set forth in the "Whom should I contact?" section of this Notice. When do we collect your personal data? We can collect some of your data: 
whenever you become our customer;
whenever you register or log in to use our online services;
whenever you use our products and services;
whenever you fill in forms and contracts that we send you;
whenever you opt into our online or offline marketing activities, including but not limited to: newsletters, online and live event registrations, and other promotional information and materials;
whenever you contact us through our various channels.
 Our collection of personal data The personal data we collect includes any and all data you provide us with when you: enter into contract with us, register an account with us, update or add your account information, enter our website, fill out our web forms, or give us data in any other way.
You may choose not to provide us with any of your data, but that may hinder us from fully administering services to you if such services require your personal data.
We use your personal data whenever we communicate with you, respond to your requests, manage your account, customize your service experience, improve our products and services, and personalize marketing activities.
We may communicate with you through mail, email, or telephone.
We will send you strictly service-related announcements or information on rare occasions, when it is necessary to do so.

 Personal data we collect 
When you create a QNAP ID, we may collect your name, email address, phone number, Internet Protocol (IP) address, and profile photo.
When you link your QNAP ID with your accounts on a cloud service, we may collect your account information.
When you sign in using your QNAP ID using QNAP products, mobile and PC applications, and web browsers, we may collect the configurations of the connecting software and hardware and their IP address.
When you purchase a license from us, we may collect your billing information.
When you install a license on a QNAP product, we may collect the hardware identification information of the QNAP product.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.
This includes things like messages you write, photos and videos you save, the contacts you enter, and the event messages pushed to browsers and mobile apps.
When you use voice commands of AfoBot, your voice will be sent to our servers for converting to text and commands.
When you connect to QNAP products using our cloud services, such as myQNAPcloud remote access services, AMIZ Cloud, and AfoBot video call and remote viewing, your network traffic may be transferred through our servers in certain network conditions, and your device information such ad hostname, device name, and mac address will be collected for the arrangement of the applicable services.
For security and your information, we may store your activities when you interact with our servers, like QNAP product registration, activating a license, and video call history.
When you contact us, submit a support request, or participate in survey, we may collect your contact information, records of communication, and the required information regarding to the request or survey.


We also receive and store certain types of data whenever you interact with us.
For example, we use "cookies", which are unique identifiers that we transfer to your device to enable our systems to provide service features such as personalized advertisements on other websites, provide remote access for you, allow you to visit our website without re-entering your username and/or password, verify that you have the authorization needed for the services to process your requests, personalize and improve your experience, record your preferences, customize functionalities for your devices, and to improve the functionality and user-friendliness of our services.
It also helps us to better understand how you interact with our services and to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on our website.
Most of the cookies we use are so-called "session cookies".
Cookies do not cause any damage to your computer and do not contain any viruses.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies as the default setting.
You can modify your browser settings to reject our cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie.
However, if a browser does not accept our cookies or if you reject a cookie, some portions of our services may not function properly.
We obtain certain types of data whenever you access content and cloud services we host.
This data may include the IP address used to connect your computer to the internet, device ID or token, unique identifier, device type, ID for advertising, referral URL, computer and connection data such as the type of operating system you use, your device information, your software information, browser type, browser language and version, ad data, access times, your browsing history, and your web log information.
Our server automatically receives and records the IP address your browser sends to our server when you login to our website.
We will store your IP address in our user registration databases.
We will use your IP address to provide the most appropriate contents based on your geographic area or information derived from your IP address.

 Non-personal information we collect We also collect data in a form that does not, on its own, permit direct association with any specific individual.
We may collect your activities on our website, cloud services, software, and hardware.
The information is anonymized before being stored in our servers.
We aggregate and use this data to help us provide more useful information to our customers and to understand which parts of our website, products, and services are of most interest.

 Use of Google Analytics Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.
("Google").
Google Analytics uses cookies or IP addresses to help us monitor and analyze how users use our products and services.
The information generated by cookies or IP addresses about your use of our products and services will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers.
Google will use this information on our behalf for the purpose of evaluating your use of our products and services, compiling reports on our services’ activity, and providing us other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
The IP address that our services convey within the scope of Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data held by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
You can also opt out from being tracked by Google Analytics by downloading and installing: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
 Use of Fabric We use Fabric tools provided by Fabric.
We use the information we get from Fabric tools to administer, develop, and improve our services and applications.
Fabric’s ability to use and share information collected by Fabric about your use of our apps are governed by the Google Privacy Policy (available at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/).
You may learn more about how Google collects and processes data specifically in connection with Fabric at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
By default, multiple Fabric kits are activated in our applications.
Fabric kits like "Crashlytics" will always be activated to keep us informed about any problems appearing in our applications. Use of opt-in/subscription You have a choice of whether or not you want to receive marketing communication materials from us, and how you want to receive these notifications.
These materials detail marketing activities from us related to product solutions, services, and other helpful business content. You can manage your preferences by: 
opting into a newsletter subscription on a web form;
opting into marketing activities on a web form.
or
unsubscribing or opting out of marketing activities, by clicking a link at the bottom of our marketing communications emails.

If you no longer wish to receive these communications from us, please follow the opting out or "unsubscribe" instructions provided in the link at the bottom of our marketing communications emails, or update your account settings. How do we process your personal data? We comply with our obligations under applicable privacy laws by: keeping personal data up to date.
storing and destroying it securely.
collecting and retaining only the necessary data that we need to provide you with service.
protecting personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, and disclosure.
ensuring that appropriate technical measures are in place to protect personal data.
The processing operations we perform on your data cover automated and non-automated means of collecting, recording, organizing, structuring, storing, altering, retrieving, using, transmitting, disseminating or otherwise making available, aligning or combining, restricting, and/or erasing your data. We use your personal data for the following purposes: 
To provide you access to and use of our products and services, and to enforce or defend our contract with you
To help us create, develop, operate, and improve our products and services
To help us improve the safety and reliability of our products and services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, illegal activities, security risks, and technical issues that could harm QNAP, our users, or the public
To send you marketing information informing you of our news and events
 To send you important notices about purchases, security alerts, and changes to our terms and services.
Because this information, and activities is important to your interaction with QNAP, you may not opt out of receiving such notices.
 What is our lawful basis for processing your personal data? We generally only store and process your personal data if you provide your explicit consent beforehand, e.g.
when establishing contact or obtaining information.
This allows you to decide whether you wish to transfer the data you supply when registering or allow us to use your data.
If you agree, we can use your data to respond to inquiries or to improve our services and products, for example.
We will collect, process and use the personal data supplied explicitly by you only for the purposes communicated to you and will not disclose it to third parties, or only with your permission, unless disclosure is necessary to negotiate and perform a contract with you, is required by law or to comply with a government agency or court orders, is necessary to establish or preserve a legal claim or defense and furthermore, is necessary to prevent misuse or other illegal activities, such as willful attacks on our systems for maintaining data security, or is carried out for any additional purpose that is directly related to the original purpose for which the personal data was collected.
We further detail the circumstances of data disclosure to third parties in the "Sharing your personal data" section below.
 The lawful basis for us to process your general personal data is processing based on your explicit consent. Necessity to provide us data You are not under any obligation to provide us any personal data.
As noted below, the choice is yours.
However, please note that without certain data from you, we may not be able to undertake some or all of our obligations to you under our service contract with you, or adequately provide you with our full range of services.
If you would like to obtain more details about this, you can contact us using the channels set forth in the "Whom should I contact?" section of this Notice. Sharing your personal data Your personal data will be treated as strictly confidential, and will be shared only with the categories of data recipients listed below.
We will only share your data with third parties outside of the Company with your consent, and you will have an opportunity to choose for us not to share your data. We may disclose your personal data to: 
our affiliated entities within our global group of companies worldwide to provide you services such as facilitating order processing and shipping, detecting and dealing with data breaches, illegal activities, and fraud, maintaining the integrity of our information technology systems, as well as other internal administration purposes.
third-party service providers whom we subcontract to work on our behalf or for us and therefore may have access to your data only for purposes of performing these tasks on our behalf and under obligations similar to those described in this Notice, who perform functions such as data processing, order fulfillment, managing and enhancing customer data, providing customer service, conducting customer research or satisfaction surveys, logistics support, marketing support, payment processing and invoice collection support, informational systems technical support, to help us provide, analyze, and improve our services such as data storage, maintenance services, database management, web analytics, improvement of our service features, and to assist us in detecting and dealing with data breaches, illegal activities, and fraud.
governments and/or government-affiliated institutions, courts, or law enforcement agencies to comply with our obligations under relevant laws and regulations, enforce or defend our policies or contract with you, respond to claims, or in response to a verified request relating to a government or criminal investigation or suspected fraud or illegal activity that may expose us, you, or any other of our customers to legal liability.
provided that, if any law enforcement agency requests your data, we will attempt to redirect the law enforcement agency to request that data directly from you, and in such event, we may provide your basic contact information to the law enforcement agency.
third parties involved in a legal proceeding, if they provide us with a court order or substantially similar legal procedure requiring us to do so.

We may provide you with opportunities to connect with third-party applications or services.
If you choose to use any such third-party applications or services, we may facilitate sharing of your information with your consent.
However, we do not control the applications or services of those third parties or how they use your information, and your use of such applications and services is not governed by our privacy policy.
Please review the terms and the privacy policies of those third parties before using their applications or services.
We will display your personal data and account activity in your profile page and elsewhere on our service portals according to the preferences you set in your account.
You can review and revise your profile information at any time.
Please consider carefully what information you disclose in your profile page and your desired level of anonymity.
In your profile page, we will also display your device information as well as provide the network connection information for the devices to the applications that connect to your devices. How long do we keep your personal data? We keep your personal data for no longer than reasonably necessary for the given purpose for which your data is processed.
If you will provide us, or have provided us, consent for us to process your data, we will process your data for no longer than your consent is effective.
Notwithstanding the above, we may retain your personal data as required by applicable laws and regulations, as necessary to assist with any government and judicial investigations, to initiate or defend legal claims or for the purpose of civil, criminal, or administrative proceedings.
If none of the above grounds for us to keep your data apply, we will delete and dispose of your data in a secure manner according to our privacy policy. Privacy of data subjects under the age of 16 Our products and services are not targeted to persons under the age of 16.
We do not knowingly collect or process personal data from persons under the age of 16.
Please note that if you are under the age of 16, you should not buy or use our products or services, and we will not be liable for any losses or damages incurred by the unauthorized disclosure or processing of personal data under the age of 16. Your rights and your personal data Unless subject to an exemption under applicable privacy laws, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: 
The right to request a copy of your personal data which we hold about you.
The right to request that we correct any personal data that is found to be inaccurate or out of date.
The right to request that we erase your personal data where it is no longer necessary for us to retain such data, except we are not obliged to do so if we need to retain such data in order to comply with a legal obligation or to establish, exercise, or defend legal claims.
The right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time, where we rely on your consent to process your data.
This includes cases where you wish to opt out of marketing communications that you receive from us.
The right to request that we provide you with your data and, where possible, to transmit that data directly to another data controller, where the processing is based on your consent or is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, and, in either case, we process the data by automated means.
The right to restrict our processing of your personal data where you believe such data to be inaccurate, or our processing is unlawful.
or that we no longer need to process such data for a particular purpose unless we are not able to delete the data due to a legal or other obligation or because you do not wish for us to delete it.
The right to object to us using your personal data, where the legal justification for our processing of your personal data is our legitimate interest.
We will abide by your request unless we have compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests and rights, or if we need to continue to process the data for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
The right to lodge a complaint regarding our processing of your data, with the competent authority where you reside or in which your data is processed.

If you would like to exercise any of the above rights, please do so through this webpage: www.qnap.com/sarf.

After receiving your request, we will evaluate your request and inform you how we intend to proceed with your request.
Under certain circumstances, in accordance with applicable privacy laws and regulations, we may withhold access to your data, or decline to modify, erase, port, or restrict the processing of your data.
Please be advised that if you exercise the rights to erase data, restrict or object to our processing, or to withdraw your consent, we may not be able to continue providing our services to you if the necessary data is missing for processing. Transfer, storage, and processing of data abroad As noted in the "Sharing your personal data" section of this Notice, as a globally operating company, we may share your information with our affiliate companies or third parties.
Please refer to the "Sharing your personal data" section of this Notice for the recipients of your data and the reasons for our provision of your data to them.
Where such entities are located in other countries and jurisdictions, we will therefore be transferring your personal data outside of the European Economic Area.
In making such data transfers, we make sure to protect your personal data by applying the level of security required by applicable privacy laws.
Where we transfer your data to a country or jurisdiction that cannot guarantee the required level of protection as required by applicable privacy laws, we have enhanced our IT security measures and have entered into Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) with the transferee to require security obligations on the transferee, both of which are intended to increase the protection of your personal data.
SCCs are one of a number of "appropriate safeguards" under the applicable privacy laws that enable the transfer of personal data concerning data subjects within the European Economic Area to jurisdictions that have not been designated by the European Commission as possessing an adequate level of data protection.
You may request a copy of such SCCs from us, or inquire about transfers of your information, by providing your request to the contact window set forth in the "Whom should I contact?" section. Further processing If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose not covered by this Notice, then we will provide you with a new notice explaining this new use prior to commencing such further processing for a new purpose.
This new notice sets out the relevant new purpose and processing conditions.
In such a case, we will find a lawful basis for further processing, and whenever necessary, we will seek your prior written consent to such further processing. Security We protect your data using technical measures to minimize the risks of misuse, unauthorized access, unauthorized disclosure, loss or theft, and loss of access.
Some of the safeguards we use are data pseudonymization, data encryption, firewalls, and data access authorization controls.
We take our data security very seriously.
Therefore the security mechanisms used to protect your data are checked and updated regularly to provide effective protection against abuse.
The servers through which we collect your information are usually encoded using the encryption module of your browser, and are certified by renowned institutions for international encryption technique.
If necessary, we use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption to protect your personal information.
Moreover, we have put in place additional and comprehensive state-of-the-art security measures every time your data are accessed through the internet.
Firewalls prevent unauthorized access.
Diverse encryption and identification layers protect your data from intrusion or disclosure to third parties during data transfer.
Furthermore, we internally use sophisticated encoding methods in order to prevent decoding by unauthorized persons.
Moreover, an electronic identifier is generated during data transfer to safeguard your information.
For your confidentiality and security, we use IDs and passwords to secure your personal information.
It is important for you to protect your ID, password, or any personal information.
Do not disclose your personal information, especially your password, to anyone.
When you are finished using our services, please do not forget to log out from your account.
If you share a computer, whether in a public or private setting, be sure to sign off and close your browsers when finished using a shared computer.
If you believe that the security of your data has been compromised, or if you would like more information on the measures we use to protect your data, you can contact us using the channels set forth in the "Whom should I contact?" section of this Notice. What are your choices? You have the choice to allow us to collect and process your data.
The collection and processing of your personal data is neither a statutory nor a contractual requirement, although as noted above, we will be unable to provide you with certain services without the necessary data.
If you are dealing with us online, note that most browsers will inform you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to receive notifications whenever you receive a new cookie, and how to disable cookies.
Additionally, you can disable or delete the data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, on your browser or on the website of its manufacturer.
You can always choose not to provide us with your data.
In case we may need such data to process your requests, we will inform you of our constraints.
To the extent that you have consented to our processing of your data, you can choose to discontinue our processing at any time.
You can choose to add or update data that you have provided us with.
You can choose to erase your data, or choose to restrict our processing of your data instead.
You can choose to port your data to a third party under the conditions stated above.
You can choose to object to our processing of your data.
You can inform us of your choices or request on any data processing aspect listed above using the channels set forth in the "Whom should I contact?" section of this Notice.
In summary, what we are allowed to do with your data—with limited exceptions under applicable privacy laws—is up to you.
However, in the event that you choose not to let us further process your data, your choice may affect the delivery of our obligations or services to you.
In this case, we will inform you of our constraints. Whom should I contact? If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, or if you would like to exercise any of your rights, or if you have any complaints that you would like to discuss with us, please send us a signed and dated request.
State your request clearly and accurately within the first sentence of your query.
You may contact us through the following methods:
by post to  QNAP Systems, Inc.
 Data Protection Officer  3F, No.
22, Zhongxing Rd., Xizhi Dist., New Taipei City 221, Taiwan (R.O.C.) 
or
by logging on to www.qnap.com/sarf
In case of disagreements relating to our processing of your personal data, you can submit a request for mediation or other administrative actions to the data protection supervisory authority with the competent authority where you reside or in which your data is processed.
Please click here for a list of local data protection authorities in EEA countries: http://ec.europa.eu/newsroom/article29/item-detail.cfm?item_id=612080. List price Choose specification



 Show more Less 
 Where to Buy 
 Download Center 
 App Center 
 Subscribe 


 Get to know us 
About QNAP
QNAP Partners
Newsroom
QNAP Blog
Career
Contact QNAP
Information Security Policy


 Product information 
Product Compatibility
Compare Products
Product Support Status
NAS Migration
NVR
QNAP RAID Calculator


 Support 
Knowledge Base
Security Advisory
Presale FAQ
Warranty FAQ
Warranty Terms and Conditions
QNAP RMA Service
Out-of-Warranty RMA Service Terms and Conditions
Technical Support


 Other QNAP websites 
QNAP software store
Accessories Store
myQNAPcloud
Qmiix Web Automation Service
AfoBot
IEI Products


 Resources 
Download Center
Customer Service
QNAP Community
GPL Source
Developers
Cloud Service













Copyright ©2021 QNAP Systems, Inc.
All Rights Reserved.


Privacy Policy 
Terms of Use 
 This site in other countries/regions: 
Global - English 
United States / Canada - English 
United Kingdom - English 
Australia - English 
India - English 
Deutschland - Deutsch 
España - Español 
América Latina - Español 
France - Français 
Italia - Italiano 
Nederland - Nederlands 
Sverige - Svenska 
中国 - 简体中文 
台灣 - 繁體中文 
香港特別行政區 - 繁體中文 
Portugal - Português 
Polska - Polski 
Россия - Русский 
日本 - 日本語 
대한민국 - 한국어 
Česká Republika - Čeština 
ไทย - ไทย 
Türkiye - Türkçe 
Magyarország - Magyar 
 × 
 QTS demo site 
 QNAP Live 
 QNAP RAID Calculator 
 Hello , Welcome! You can start using a variety of QNAP member services.

 Software Store Get licenses for advanced features from our Software Store.

 Service Portal If you have any further questions about QNAP products or solutions, contact customer service through the Service Portal.

 × This site uses cookies in order to improve your user experience and to provide content tailored specifically to your interests.
By continuing to browse our site you agree to our use of cookies, Data Privacy Notice and Terms of Use / Service.
Agree 
      