
         Privacy Policy qode interactive This Privacy Policy is brought by QODE LTD, incorporated and existing under the laws of Cyprus (hereinafter: QODE).
QODE is the sole owner of a number of websites and platforms, including, but not limited to qodeinteractive.com, qodethemes.com, elated-themes.com, select-themes.com, edge-themes.com, mikado-themes.com, and a number of demo websites containing previews of WordPress website themes developed by QODE.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy the term “Platform” shall refer collectively to all websites and platforms owned by QODE and all their content, themes, codes, etc.
This Privacy Policy shall apply to all QODE Platforms where this Privacy Policy is featured.
This Privacy Policy describes how the QODE collects, uses, shares and secures personal information that you provide. What kind of information do we collect? To provide you with all information regarding our products and services, we must process certain information about you.
The type of information we collect starts with you signing up for an account on the Platform, giving necessary information for opening of your account, such as your name, country of residence and email.
We also collect the information regarding your IP address, log data and purchase code, as well as the information provided by cookies.
You can learn how to access and delete information we collect upon request.
Things that you provide Information and content you provide: We ask for and you provide us the necessary basic information about you when you sign up for an account on our Platform.
The necessary data is requested in order to create your personal account that enables you to use all functionalities of the Platform, including but not limited to purchase of WordPress website themes (“Themes”) and ordering and obtaining of support services (“Services”).
This information includes: your name and surname, country of residence, email address, as well as certain related information like your company name and website name, when you register for an account as a legal entity.
We refer to any information described above as ‘’Account Information’’ for the purpose of this Policy.
By voluntarily providing us with Account Information, you represent that you are the owner of such personal information or otherwise have the requisite consent to provide it to us.
Your Account Information is not publicly available and we do not publish on the Platform any information provided by you, except the user name you have chosen when opening your account.
We may ask for and collect other personal information from you for other purposes such as: customer support, promotions, newsletter, collecting CVs and information contained therein on our career page.
When submitting comments to the Platform you may also be required to provide some personal information (provided that you do not already have user account that you will use for commenting).
Also, when you communicate with us directly (for example when we provide Support), we may ask for additional personal information if such information is necessary for performance of particular task.
Please note that certain information (such as racial or ethnic origin, sexual orientation or philosophical beliefs) may be treated as sensitive data and could be subject to special protections under the laws of your country.
Generally, we do not collect any sensitive data and in event that collection of such data is required you will be properly informed.
Log data and Cookies
Like many operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Platform, further referred to as ‘’Log data’’.
This Log data may include, among others, information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol ‘’IP’’ address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Platform that you visit, the time and date that you visit, the time spent on those pages and information you search for.
We connect personal information to information gathered in our log files as necessary to improve our Platform.
Our Platform also collects data from cookies stored on your device (including cookie IDs and settings) and the data obtained this way may differentiate depending whether you are logged in to your account.
What information about you we receive from others? In some situations, we need to obtain some information about you from third parties to whom you have provided certain information about yourself.
This information is necessary for your uninterrupted use of the Platform’s functionalities.
When you using the Platform for purchase of the Themes and/or Services, we need to receive financial and/or transaction details from payment providers with whom you have made such payment.
As we are the receiving party for such financial transaction, we need to have this information so we can be properly informed about the payment and provide you with purchased Themes and/or Services.
We also may receive information from other third-party sources, whereby we receive additional information about you (to the extent permitted by applicable law), such as fraud detection information, and combine it with information we have about you.
Such data may be necessary to prevent frauds and secure safe and uninterrupted use of the Platform.
What kind of information may others collect when you are using the platform? When using the Platform, you may be linked to third-party services that will collect certain personal information from you.
This information is not collected or used by us and it is a subject to privacy policies of such third parties.
Payment Services
When using the Platform for purchasing of Themes and/or Services, you will be redirected to third-party websites or platforms for completing the financial transaction.
These websites and platforms will request certain information from you (including your credit card information) in order to carry out the payment.
As we are the receiving party to this financial transaction, we will receive information about the transaction from third-party payment providers.
Embedded content
The Platform may include embedded content (e.g.
images, videos, articles, etc.) from third-party websites (such as YouTube, Vimeo, Google Web Fonts, SoundCloud, etc.).
Accessing this embedded content makes the same effect as when you are accessing third-party websites from which the embedded content is provided.
These third-party websites, therefore, may collect certain information about you in accordance with their own privacy policy.
Please note that if you have an account on such third-party website and you are logged-in while accessing embedded content, such accessing will be attributed to your account.
For example, interactions that you may make with embedded content will be traced by third-party website and the same may influence the user experience that you will have on such website.
How do we use the information that we collect? We use the information to enable your use of the Platform and its features and to assure security of use and prevent any potential abuse.
We may use the information that we collect for a variety of purposes including: 

Promotion —
With your consent we send promotional communications, such as providing you with information about products and services, features, surveys, newsletters, offers, promotions, contests and events.


Promote safety and security
—
We use the information we have to verify accounts and activities, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences, maintain the integrity of the Platform, and promote safety and security.
For example, we use data we have to investigate suspicious activity or violations of our terms or policies.
When necessary we conduct the identity check of the users within the comment section in order to prevent the abuse of the comments and reviews.


Verification of Services
—
We use the information we have in order to perform necessary checks and verifications regarding the use of support services.
For example, we use purchase codes to verify whether you are entitled to use Services that you have gained by purchasing Theme via third-party website.


Product research and development
—
We use the information we have to develop, test and improve our Platform and Services, by conducting surveys and research, and testing and troubleshooting new products and features.


Communication with you
—
We use the information we have to send you various communications, communicate with you about our products, and let you know about our policies and terms.
We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us.

 How is the information shared? We do not share your personal information with third-parties unless it is necessary to carry out your request, for our professional or legitimate business needs, or as required or permitted by law.
Whenever we do transfer your personal information to third parties or service providers, appropriate arrangements are made in order to ensure correct and secure data processing in compliance with the law.
We may share some collected information with our third–party service providers that we use to provide hosting for maintenance of our Platform, backup, storage, analytics, payment services and other services.
These third-party service providers may have the access to or processing your personal information for the purpose of providing these services for us.
We do not permit our third-party service providers to use the personal information that we share with them for their marketing purposes or any other purpose not in connection with the services they provide to us.
In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal information to the authorities, due to court orders, legal processes or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims, and we might share such an information in order to prevent any illegal activity, suspected fraud, or any type of violation of personal or other rights.
How can I manage or delete information about me? If you wish to access or erase your data, you can contact us via privacy@qodeinteractive.com in order to give you detailed instructions regarding this matter.
We store data until it is no longer necessary to provide our services within the Platform, or until your account is deleted.
This is a case-by-case determination that depends on things like the nature of the data, why it is collected and processed, and relevant legal or operational retention needs.
When you delete your account, we may delete any content you have provided, and you will not be able to recover that information later.
How do we operate and transfer data as part of our Global Services? We may share information globally, within QODE and our third-party service providers in accordance with this Policy.
Your information may, for example, be transferred or transmitted to, or stored and processed in countries outside of where you live for the purposes as described in this policy.
These data transfers may be necessary to provide the services set forth in Terms of Use of the Platform in order to provide our products and services to you.
We utilize standard contract clauses, rely on the European Commission’s adequacy decisions about certain countries, as applicable, and obtain your consent for these data transfers in accordance with applicable law.
How will we notify you of changes to this policy? We’ll notify you before we make changes to this policy and give you the opportunity to review the revised policy before you choose to continue using our Platform and related products and services.
How to contact us? You can learn more about how privacy works within our Platform by contacting us.
If you have questions about this Policy, you can contact us via below provided contacts.
Additionally, we may also resolve any disputes you have with us in connection with our privacy policies and practices through direct contact.
QODE LTD 
privacy@qodeinteractive.com 
      