
         Quality Logo Products Browse All Need Ideas? Best Sellers Under $1 Small Quantities Quick Ship New Products Specials Clearance Free Drop Shipping USA Made Union Made Hot Promos Personal Protection Pens Water Bottles Tote Bags Ceramic Mugs Stress Balls Trade Show Giveaways koozie® Can Coolers T-shirts Fidget Spinners Wellness Essentials PPE
 Hand Sanitizer Face Masks Nitrile Gloves Antibacterial Wipes Face Shields Thermometers Aprons Bandanas Safety Signage Distancing Barriers Pen &amp.
Paper Pens Pencils Highlighters Markers Styluses Sticky Notes Notebooks Padfolios Calendars Day Planners Drinkware Water Bottles Ceramic Mugs Travel Mugs Stadium Cups Glassware Shot Glasses Wine Glasses koozie® Can Coolers Bottle Openers Coasters Bags Tote Bags Backpacks Drawstring Bags Plastic Bags Lunch Bags Duffle Bags Plastic Bags Luggage Gift Bags Fanny Packs Technology Flash Drives Power Banks USB Chargers Headphones Portable Speakers Cell Phone Wallets PopSockets Microfiber Cloths Phone Stands Mouse Pads Trade Shows Table Skirts Lanyards Badge Holders Tote Bags Pens Giveaways Stress Balls Hand Sanitizers Keychains Business Cards Travel &amp.
Leisure Luggage Tags Suitcases Automotive Coolers Folding Chairs Sunscreen Frisbees Golf Accessories Umbrellas Beach Balls Apparel T-shirts Sweatshirts Polos Jackets Button Downs Fleece Apparel Headwear Blankets Sunglasses Footwear 1-866-312-5646  Chat Offline  with a representative 0 QUALITY LOGO PRODUCTS® Privacy Policy and Security Statement Related Questions

 Privacy Policy &amp.
Security Statement 
 What is Proposition 65? 
 What is BPA and should I be concerned? 
 Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act (CPSIA) 
 Privacy Policy &amp.
Security Statement 
 What is the FACTA Red Flag Compliance? 
 What is your Limited Warranty Statement? 
 How Do Trademarks Work? 
 Related Questions 
 Privacy Policy &amp.
Security Statement 
 What is Proposition 65? 
 What is BPA and should I be concerned? 
 Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act (CPSIA) 
 Privacy Policy &amp.
Security Statement 
 What is the FACTA Red Flag Compliance? 
 What is your Limited Warranty Statement? 
 How Do Trademarks Work? 
 View More 1.
Our General Philosophy Quality Logo Products® takes privacy seriously and does everything it can to safeguard it.
This Privacy Notice ("Notice") will tell you what personal information ("PI") we collect from you, how we use it, when we use your information to contact you, under which circumstances we may disclose it to any third party, and your choices regarding any of your personal information that is disclosed to us.
Because no online system can ever be guaranteed to be 100% secure, 100% of the time, we ask that if you have any concerns or complaints that your PI held by Quality Logo Products® could have been compromised, or someone could have discovered your personal details held by us, please contact us immediately.
Our contact information is below at the end of this Notice. 2.
What Information Will Quality Logo Products® Collect About Me? When you contact us, either via phone, email, or through our website, we have to collect some personal information about you in order to fulfill your request or fill any order you may place with us.
Usually the information we need is your name, email address, postal address, phone, as well as information collected about the goods and services we provide to you.
We indirectly collect your credit card information for purposes of placing and fulfilling the order through a third party credit card processing company, but we never see, transmit or store your credit card data.
If you visit our website and do not place an order, we collect your IP address for logging/debugging purposes only.
 The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, Cal.
Civ.
Code §§ 1798.100 et seq.
(CCPA) ensure consumers can exercise their rights to: (1) request information about what information the business collects and what it does with the information.
(2) request that the business delete any personal information collected.
and (3) not be discriminated against.


Section 1798.110(c) requires, "pursuant to Section 1798.130(a)(5)(B)," that a business that collects personal information about a consumer disclose:


 The categories of personal information it has collected about the consumer.

 The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected.

 The business or commercial purpose of collecting or selling personal information.

 The categories of third parties with whom the business shares personal information.

 The specific pieces of personal information the business has collected about the consumer.





 The categories of "personal information" that Quality Logo Products® collects include: 


First and/or Last Name
Address
IP Address
Email Address
Telephone Number
Products or Services Purchased
Internet or other electronic network activity such as browsing history, and info regarding a consumer's interaction with the website
Audio (phone calls to our facility)

 Transfer of information from Quality Logo Products® to 3rd parties only occurs if an individual completes an order.
 3.
How Quality Logo Products® Will Use Your Personal Information We ensure that we have accurate information so that we may communicate with you and keep you apprised of developments as we provide our goods/services to you. 4.
How Long Will Quality Logo Products® Keep My Information? We will hold your PI on our systems for as long as it takes to fulfill your order or otherwise fulfill any request made by you, and to comply with legal requirements.
Legally, we need to hold a limited amount of your PI for a period of 7 years. 5.
Can I Delete My Data? You can always ask for your information to be deleted.
However, please understand that if it is less than 7 years old, we may be legally required to keep it (see Section 4 above).
Deleting the data Quality Logo Products® holds about you will erase any PI we have about you.
Any data we have pertaining to you after we delete your PI will be made anonymous, so no one will be able to identify that it is your data. 6.
Right Not to Be Subject to Discrimination Should you exercise any of your privacy rights as a California Consumer, we will not discriminate against you by offering you different pricing or products, or by providing you with a different level or quality of services, based solely upon your request.
However, in some circumstances, for example where you have requested or consented to our services that use your PI to provide the service, we may not be able to provide a service if you choose to delete your PI. 7.
Can I Find Out What Information Quality Logo Products® Holds About Me? You have the right to request a copy of the PI that Quality Logo Products® holds about you, and if any information is wrong, we will correct it for you.
We require you to confirm your identity with 2 pieces of approved identification such as a passport, drivers' license, birth certificate, or Social Security Card.
Please address requests and questions about this or any other question about this Privacy Notice to Quality Logo Products® by contacting us using the contact details at the end of this Notice. 8.
When Will Quality Logo Products® Contact Me? Quality Logo Products® may contact you:

In relation to any order you initiated with us, or any communication we receive from you or any other parties involved in the service we provide for you.
For example, we use your name, email and postal address to contact you regarding your order.
 In relation to any financial questions or issues.
For example, if your check bounces, we likely will contact you so we can collect an alternate form of payment.
Also, if you would like to use a credit card to pay for your order, we will email you a link to a pay page just after you have placed the order.
For legal reporting, research, and marketing purposes.

 9.
How Will I Be Contacted for Marketing Purposes? Quality Logo Products® will only send you marketing emails or contact you where you have agreed to this by giving us your consent.
We may personalize the message content based upon any information you have provided to us.
If you want to stop all personalized messages from Quality Logo Products®, including targeted marketing messages, you can contact us at any time and instruct us to stop.
We will, of course, stop. 10.
Will Quality Logo Products® Share My Personal Info with Anyone Else? We will keep your information within Quality Logo Products® except where disclosure is required or permitted by law (for example, to government bodies and law enforcement agencies), where sharing is required to fulfill your order, or where you have consented to us sharing your information with other parties involved in the service we provide to you.
We may provide Facebook and Google with certain information for marketing purposes.
However, Google and Facebook then anonymize the data (so no one can identify you from this data).
Then, Google and Facebook help us out by providing us a customer list of the anonymized data we can use to market other interesting products to our own customers using Google and Facebook.
Generally, we will use your information within Quality Logo Products® and will only share it outside Quality Logo Products® where you have requested it via a data portability request, or given your consent.
Quality Logo Products® requires all third parties to comply strictly with its instructions, and that they do not use your PI for their own business or marketing purposes.
They may only use your information for reasons associated with the goods or services we provide for you.
 We have never, and will never, sell any categories of customer personal information.
 11.
Web Browser Cookies 

What is a Cookie?
A cookie is digital information in the form of a text file that is placed on the hard drive of your computer or other device by a website that you visit.
All websites can send cookies to your device web browser if you allow it.
Many websites do this in order to ensure that the website works properly and assist the website owner in collecting important visitor data, such as tracking online usage.
Similar technologies are often used within emails.


Quality Logo Products® uses the following types of cookies.
the purpose of each type is explained below.


MAS
(string): Primary cookie name 

Session ID
(string): Identifies user's session 

Fresh
(Boolean): Date of session 

Email
(string): The email address of the user 

IP
(string): The IP address of the user 

vToken
(string): Verifies the source of the tracking data 

Email_ID
(integer): Identifies an email address 

Recipient_final_id: Recipient ID of the user 

Has_made_purchases: Identifies repeat visitors/customers 

MASHASH
(string): Verifies the integrity of the cookie 

Quality Logo Products® does collect information such as the device you are using, your IP address, or the browser you are using. 12.
Do Not Track (DNT) Browser Setting DNT is a feature offered by some browsers which, when enabled, sends a signal to websites to request that your browsing is not tracked, such as by third party ad networks, social networks and analytic companies.
Quality Logo Products® website responds to DNT requests. 13.
Changes to Quality Logo Products® Privacy Notice This Privacy Notice may be updated from time to time so you may wish to check it each time you submit PI to Quality Logo Products®.
If you do not agree to any changes, please do not continue to use Quality Logo Products's website or submit your PI to Quality Logo Products®.
You can also delete your PI that Quality Logo Products® holds at any time, subject to any legal reasons we may have to keep some of the data we hold about you. 14.
Sharing Your Data with Others As part of the goods/service that we provide, it may be necessary to share data we hold about you with third parties, for example, Facebook and Google.
Before we share any of your PI we hold about you with any third party, we will gain consent from you.
If you do not want us to share your PI with any third party, please let us know.
You also have the right to ask us to share your PI with anyone you wish.
To exercise this right to data portability, please write to us, giving full details, using the details provided at Section 14 of this Notice. 15.
Contacting Quality Logo Products® About This Privacy Notice To exercise any of these rights, or to designate an agent or authorized representative to act on your behalf, you can contact us by calling us at 1-866-312-5646 or by going to our Manage My Preferences link to submit an electronic form.
When you submit a rights request through one of these designated methods, we will use the information you submit and the information we have in our systems (or through the systems of our Service Provider if we use a Service Provider) to try to verify your identity and to match the personal information we have collected about you, if any, to your identity.
If we are successful in validating your identity, we will respond to your request within the time and in the manner required by CCPA.
If we cannot validate your identity, we will attempt to contact you to inform you of this issue.

Bret Bonnet


President


 724 Highland Ave. Aurora, Illinois 60506 info@qualitylogoproducts.com
 California Consumer Data Subject Rights Request Form Personal Information collected on this form will be used to respond to your request. If you are submitting this form on behalf or another person as an Authorized Agent, please do not use this form and instead email info@qualitylogoproducts.com to begin the process.
 Please Send Copies of my Personal Information Please Delete All my Personal Information Company Name (Optional) First Name * Last Name * Contact Email * Email Known to Quality Logo Products (if different from the contact email given above) Phone Number * Address 1 * Address 2 In what role did you interact with Quality Logo Products previously * Visited Website Called Emailed Placed an Order Requested a Quote or Free Proof None of the Above City * State * Zip * I certify under penalty of perjury that I am the individual named in this form and the information provided herein is accurate and complete to the best of my knowledge. 16.
Where is My Personal Information Stored? QLP has implemented a data security program that contains administrative, technical and physical controls that are designed to reasonably safeguard your PI from unlawful use and unauthorized disclosure.
The security of information transmitted through the internet cannot, however, be guaranteed.
We are not responsible for any interception or interruption of any communications or for changes to or losses of data through the internet.
You are responsible for maintaining the security of any password, user ID or other form of authentication involved in obtaining access to password protected or secure areas of websites, applications, or other services.
Any access to websites, applications, or other services through your user ID and password will be treated as authorized by you.
To help protect your PI, we may suspend your use of all or part of the websites, applications, or services, without notice, if we suspect or detect any security issues. 17.
Children's Privacy While QLP likes kids, the Quality Logo Products website is not intended to attract children, and we do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from anyone under the age of 16.
If you believe your child is using our website, please contact us so we can investigate and delete any data as may be appropriate. Have More Questions About Privacy? Still Have Questions? Today We Are Open: 7:00am - 5:00pm (CST) Call Us Toll Free (866) 312-5646  Espanol: (866) 312-5646 Ext.119  Email Support  info@qualitylogoproducts.com  espanol@qualitylogoproducts.com Talk to Someone Right Away! Launch Chat Offline Modal  Save 8% When You Subscribe to Our Emails  *One per customer.
One time use only.
New customers only.
Order must be placed online to qualify.
Offer cannot be combined with any other coupon code or offer.
No cash value.
Minimum purchase requirement of $175.00.
Maximum savings of $250.00.
Sign Up and Save! 


























 Quality Logo Products, Inc.®
 724 North Highland Avenue Aurora, Illinois 60506 
 P: (866) 312-5646 F: (866) 314-5646 info@qualitylogoproducts.com 
Monday - Friday: 7:00AM - 5:00PM (CST) Company Info 
 Contact Us 
 About Us 
 Official QLP Blog 
 Editorial Policy 
 Mission Statement 

724 North Highland Avenue Aurora, Illinois 60506 
 P: (866) 312-5646 F: (866) 314-5646 info@qualitylogoproducts.com 

Monday - Friday: 7:00AM - 5:00PM (CST) 

 Customer Service 
 FAQ 
 Artwork Help 
 Returns &amp.
Refunds 
 How We Add Your Logo 
 Free Company Store 
 Tools &amp.
Resources 
 Promo University ®

 ROI of Promo Products 
 Top 10 Promo Items 
 Free Clipart Library 
 Embroidery Color Matcher 
 Free Font Preview Tool 
 Sitemap | Privacy Policy Quality Logo Products, Inc.® is your number one source for stress balls and promotional items.
Quality Logo Products, Inc.® · 724 North Highland Avenue · Aurora, Illinois 60506 For assistance, email us at info@qualitylogoproducts.com or call 866-312-5646 · Monday - Friday.

Copyright 2003 - 2021 Quality Logo Products, Inc.®,  Registration No.
TX7-524-201.
All Rights Reserved.

