
This Quicken Privacy Statement forms a part of the Quicken Terms of Use accessible at quicken.com/terms-of-use, and it describes how Quicken Inc.
(“Quicken”) and Quicken Products and Services, as defined in the Quicken Membership Agreement available as part of the Quicken Terms of Use at quicken.com/terms-of-use, collect, use, and share your information.
This Privacy Statement also applies to visitors of any Quicken website and the use of any Quicken mobile app.
Our Privacy Statement is designed to help you better understand how we collect, use, store, and process, your information when using our Products and Services.
You agree to the terms in this Privacy Statement when you sign in, activate, or use the Products and Services, when you visit any Quicken website, or when you take any other action that indicates your agreement.
If you do not agree with this Privacy Statement please immediately discontinue using Quicken Products and Services, and refrain from using any Quicken website.
What is Personal Information?
“Personal information” means data that identifies and is associated with a specific person.
Personal information does not include information that is anonymous and aggregated or is no longer identifiable to a specific person (i.e.
de-identified).
Information We Collect
Quicken collects many kinds of information in order to operate effectively and provide you the best products, services and experiences that we can.
We collect information when you provide it to us, such as when you purchase a product, register, sign in, or call us for support.
We may also automatically collect information when you use our sites, products and services.
We also may get information from other companies or third parties to help recognize you when you use our Products and Services, to customize and improve your experience, and to monitor the performance of our marketing programs.
We automatically collect this information in a variety of ways, including from web forms, through technologies like cookies, web logging, and software on your computer, mobile, or other devices.
The type of information we collect may depend on the Quicken features you use and may include: name and contact information.
your user name and password.
payment and financial data.
information that includes third party content and functionality, (if you use third party-connected services).
usage data (i.e.
information about how you interact with various products and services, including third party products and services).
contacts and relationship information.
information about the devices you may use to connect to products and services.
and feedback information, if you as a user provide us feedback and suggestions.
Quicken is a personal financial management service that can automatically download financial information, such as current account balances and transactions.
To provide you with this service, we may need to access your online financial accounts.
How We Use Your Information
Quicken uses the information we collect to operate, improve and personalize the products and services we offer, to run our business, to develop new products, or to market to you Quicken and other products and services that we believe you might be interested in.
We use your information, including your personal information to:

Operate our business, including informing you about your account or provide security updates
Improve your experience with our products and services
Develop new products and services
Advertise, promote, or market our or our partners' products and services
Comply with applicable laws or respond to lawful legal process from law enforcement and government agencies
Protect Quicken’s rights

We may also use your de-identified, or anonymized and aggregated information, for academic, research, policy, analytics, or marketing purposes, as described in more detail below.
Reasons Why We Share Personal Information
Except as described in this statement, we will not, without your permission, sell, publish or share information you entrust to us that identifies you or any person.
We may share your personal information with vendors or affiliates working to provide a service for you as needed to complete any transaction or provide any service you have requested or authorized, or when required by law or to respond to legal process.
We may also share or disclose your personal information with our affiliates and subsidiaries.
In general, we may share or disclose your personal information in order to protect our customers.
to maintain the security of our services.
to detect, prevent or report fraud, criminal activity, or violations of our terms of service/use.
to monitor the usage and reliability of our product and services.
to protect the health and safety of our customers or the general public.
and to protect our rights and property.
We will not share your personal information with third parties to use for their direct marketing purposes or benefit, but we may share personal information with our partners involved in providing jointly offered products and services that we believe you might be interested in.
These partners will be under a contractual duty to protect the privacy of your personal information, and may not share it onward except with vendors who are directly involved in delivering these products and services, and who are also under contractual privacy obligations.
We may share your information as necessary to comply with applicable laws or respond to a lawful legal process from law enforcement and government agencies.
We may use non-personal information (i.e.
de-identified data or anonymous or aggregate information) for academic, research, policy, or marketing purposes.
We may share or make this information available to:

Third parties for research, policy, analytics, or academic purposes, and those third parties may publicly report the findings of their research or analysis;
Organizations that conduct research into consumer spending, investment, and finances.
and
On a community level, users of the service for purposes of comparison of their personal financial situation relative to the broader community.

If Quicken is acquired by another company, or in the event of a merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of assets, reorganization, or liquidation, we may transfer information about your relationship with us (including personal information) to the new owner.
The new owner will assume responsibility for your personal information.
Security of Your Data
Quicken takes the security of your data seriously.
We use technical and administrative security measures such as, but not limited to, firewalls, encryption techniques, and authentication procedures, among others, to maintain the security of your online sessions.
Security of your data stored on your desktop or accessed other than through a Quicken online service is your responsibility.
Accessing Your Information
You may access, review, and update your name, e-mail address, user ID, password, and physical address any time via Quicken.com.
If you registered for third party services through us, you may access your personal information with such third party services directly.
You may choose to close or request that we delete your account at any time.
Your information may be retained on a server or media, if necessary to help ensure continued availability of our products and services.
In general, we retain your personal information as long as necessary to provide the services you have requested, or as otherwise permitted by law.
We may retain personal information to comply with law, prevent fraud, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, enforce our terms of service, for archival purposes, and as otherwise permitted by applicable law.
Communications Preferences
We may send periodic product or service-related alerts, weekly summaries, notifications, newsletters, promotions, or other information via phone, e-mail, in-product messaging and text.
You may follow the unsubscribe instructions in promotional e-mail message you receive.
Please note that certain service-related messages that we send are necessary for the proper functioning and use of the Quicken product and services and you may not have the ability to opt -out of those messages.
Where Your Data May Be Located
The data we process may be transferred to, stored, and processed in, the United States or any other county in which Quicken or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers maintain operations.
By using and providing information to us through our service, you agree and consent to the transfer, storage, and processing of your data to any such country in connection with the service.
Your Usage Data
When you first register, purchase, or activate Quicken, we capture your information as specified in the product registration or purchase screens, which may include e-mail address and physical address.
On an ongoing basis, we collect basic information about your computer configuration and how you use Quicken.
In some cases we may offer you third party products and services that can be accessed through Quicken, or as part of a Quicken service.
We may collect information regarding your connection to and use of these products and services.
These reports (including usage data) are sent to us to help us improve our products, to verify product or service functioning, to diagnose and correct problems, and to support our user base.
These reports generally include information about things like computer configuration, such as computer type or monitor resolution.
application use, such as the features, summaries of data that that you use, or time spent on parts of our site.
and other information that relates to usage patterns and third-party products and services that our users access through Quicken.
We may record IP address, browser type, and operating system and app version.
We will not share your usage data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, except that we may share it with vendors or partners who are under a contractual obligation to protect the privacy of this information, and who have a legitimate need to know the data (for example, to provide the service that we have contracted with them to provide, or to provide jointly offering products and services that we believe you might be interested in).
We may also utilize usage data to determine what Quicken products and services we think you would like to be informed of.
You are always free to opt out from any marketing communications from us by following the unsubscribe instructions in any marketing e-mail we send.
We may share anonymous or de-identified usage information as described earlier under the heading, “Reasons Why We Share Personal Information.”
Analytics, Cookies, Web Beacon and Similar Technologies
We may deploy our own technologies or use third parties to help us analyze usage of our products.
These technologies are generally called “analytics.” For example, we may use analytics to help us measure the performance of our online promotions or analyze activity within our products.
We may permit third parties who provide analytics services for us to use cookies and similar technologies to perform these services.
We use cookies and similar technologies, including app identifiers, to help us recognize you across different services, products, and devices.
to learn about your interests both on and off our services.
to improve your experience, increase security, and offer relevant products.
and to measure use and effectiveness of our services and serve advertising.
Most browsers provide you with the ability to control (i.e.
block, delete, or disable) these technologies.
You should be aware that some technologies are essential to operating Quicken and you may not be able to disable or turn off this functionality.
If you choose to reject cookies or similar technologies, some services may not be available or some functionality may be limited or unavailable.
Please review your browser manufacturer’s help pages for assistance with changing your settings.
By visiting our services, you consent to the placement of cookies and beacons in your browser and HTML-based e-mails in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
If you have concerns about the essential tracking technologies, please contact privacyofficer@quicken.com.
Desktop Software and Connected Services
Some Quicken services or features running on your computer or mobile device may require an Internet or on-line connection.
When you are connected to the Internet from within the software we may also include product updates and messages, service information, and help content in the Internet transmissions.
Web and mobile products and services may synchronize with the information on your desktop computer to help keep the data accurate and provide additional online services.
Automatic Software Product Update
For users of our installed Products, Quicken will check for new updates when the user initiates a refresh or when the user asks Quicken to check for updates.
If a new update is available, the user may be notified of the new patch and asked for permission to download and install the same.
In some cases, if a user does not install the patch after several days, the patch may install automatically or the user may be prevented from using the Product unless the patch is installed.
In some cases the Product will update automatically.
Quicken ID
Quicken ID is a service that allows you to sign-in to a variety of Quicken Products and Services, and sites.
As part of the Quicken ID service we will collect certain information for security purposes in order to verify your identity, or to reset your password if you cannot access your account.
Some products and services may require added security and you may be asked to provide additional information.
The e-mail address and password that you use to sign up for your Quicken account are your "credentials" that you will use to authenticate with Products and Services.
We assign a unique ID number to your credentials to identify you and associated information.
Location Data.
Do Not Track
If you choose to use product or service that uses information about your location, we may collect location information from your device and will notify you of this collection.
You may control or disable the sharing of location information via your device setting and/or the service.
We do not respond to Do Not Track Signals (“DNT”) signals at this time.
To learn more about how DNT works, please visit allaboutdnt.com.
Children
Quicken does not knowingly collect information from children.
Quicken.com and Quicken products and services are not intended for children under the age of 16.
Changes to Our Privacy Statement(s)
We may update this Privacy Statement periodically.
If we make material changes to the way we process your personal information, we will provide you notice via an update to the version of this Privacy Statement posted on our site, via website notification, or by email or in-product messaging.
Please review any changes carefully.
If you agree with the changes, continue to use our Products and Services.
If you object to any of the changes, please immediately discontinue using Quicken Products and Services.
All changes are effective immediately upon posting and your use of our Products or Services after a notice of material change or posting of an updated Privacy Statement shall constitute your consent to all changes.
Other Important Privacy Information
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Statement, our security practices, or our information processing practices, please contact us by writing to privacyofficer@quicken.com, or by calling or chatting with our customer care team: quicken.com/contact-support.
Additional Service or Feature Specific Privacy Information:
Below is additional privacy related information about specific Quicken features that you might find important:
Quicken.com Investing Center
To use the Investing Center you must be a registered user of a currently supported version of Quicken software that supports this feature and you must have a Quicken ID and password.
When registering, we verify your Quicken ID, password and Quicken software version year or membership status to allow you access to Quicken.com services.
For more information, see: quicken.com/support/customize-my-quickencom-portfolio-options. California Residents
The California Consumer Privacy Act grants you additional privacy rights.
Click here to see and exercise those rights.
