
Learn more about Intuit’s response to COVID-19 (Coronavirus)
Learn more about Intuit’s response to COVID-19









 United States (English)  United States (English) 
 Canada (English) 
 Canada (Français) 
 India 

 Products 
Individuals
 QuickBooks Self-Employed 
 Mint 
 TurboTax 
 Turbo 
 Credit Karma 
For Small Businesses
 QuickBooks 
 Checks and Tax Forms 
 QuickBooks Payroll 
 Payments 
 TSheets 
Accountants
 Lacerte Tax 
 ProConnect Tax 
 ProSeries Tax 
 QuickBooks Online Accountants 


 Support and Blogs 
Product Support
 TurboTax Support 
 QuickBooks Support 
 ProConnect Support 
 Mint Community 
Blogs
 Intuit Blog 
 TurboTax Blog 
 QuickBooks Blog 
 Tax Pro Center for Accountants 


 Company 


 About Intuit 
 Careers 
 Intuit Technology 
 Investor Relations 
 Worldwide Locations 
 Contact Us 


 Partners 


 Intuit Education 
 Intuit Supplier Program 


 Accountants 


 Overview 


 All Professional Tax 
 Lacerte Tax 
 ProConnect Tax 
 ProSeries Tax 
 EasyACCT Write-up 


 QuickBooks for Accountants 
 Online Accountant 
 Accountant Desktop 
 Online Payroll 
 Online Time Tracking 
 ProAdvisor Program 
 Accountant University 


 TurboTax Live Expert Opportunities 
 QuickBooks Live Expert Opportunities 














 United States (English)  United States (English) 
 Canada (English) 
 Canada (Français) 
 India 



 Sign in Privacy and Security 
 Privacy and Security 
 Your Privacy 
 Global Privacy Statement 


 English 
 Español 
 Français 
 Français (Canada) 
 Português 




 Security Center 


 Our Security Practices 
 Account Security Checklist 
 Online Safety Tips 
 Security Notices 
 Responsible Disclosure 




 FAQ 
 Contact Us 
 You deserve transparency into our data use Our privacy statement spells out exactly what we do with your data after you share it with us.
It has all the details about what we collect, who we share it with, and how we use it.
Français Français (Canada) Español Português Intuit Global Privacy Statement Last Updated: December 3, 2020
 See previous Privacy Statements Introduction and overview Intuit leverages technology responsibly to power prosperity around the world, and we believe that everyone has a right to privacy.
At Intuit, we view privacy as a key part of the value that we deliver to our customers.
Intuit’s Data Stewardship Principles were developed to describe Intuit’s values regarding the data our customers entrust to us.
Scope of this Privacy Statement and our role As a financial services and technology company, we’re providing this Global Privacy Statement (which we’ll refer to as “Privacy Statement”) to explain how we collect, use, and share information when you interact with us and our offerings, services and experiences.
This Privacy Statement is global in nature, meaning that it is applicable to all websites and offerings in the Intuit group companies, and it describes our privacy practices when we process:
a) Personal information for the purposes of preparing a tax return or in connection with the preparation of a tax return (collectively, “Tax Preparation Information”) as part of providing TurboTax tax preparation services;
b) Personal information for the purposes of providing the benefits of the Intuit platform, which is collectively, all of Intuit’s services, sites, experiences and software (including through our mobile applications and desktop applications) by Intuit Inc.
and its affiliates and subsidiaries other than Tax Preparation Information (the “Intuit Platform”).
and/or
c) Personal information as necessary to manage, run and improve our business.
Intuit Inc.
determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal information (“Information Controller”).
Intuit Inc.
may share your personal data with other Intuit group companies to process as joint controllers for the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement.
If you have any questions about the processing of your personal data, please contact us in the section “How to Contact Us” below.

This Privacy Statement does not apply where Intuit processes personal information as a service provider on behalf of a customer or entity who acts as the Information Controller, for example, the customers of our professional tax software products.
When we act as a service provider, the privacy statement of the relevant Information Controller and our agreements with such business or entity will govern our processing of personal information.
In certain circumstances, there may be more than one Information Controller processing your information.
For example, your employer or a financial partner may also act as an Information Controller.
In these situations, we act as an independent Information Controller over our processing activities – meaning that we make determinations over how your personal information will be processed independently from the other Information Controller.
The other Information Controller may have their own obligations under applicable information privacy law, and you may need to speak with the other Information Controller directly for questions on how they process your personal information. The Intuit Platform The Intuit Platform and your information When we say “platform” we mean that when you choose to share data with us, or bring over information from third parties (like a bank or loan provider), we use that data together, not just within the individual offering(s) you’re using.
This means your bookkeeping details from QuickBooks, budgets from Mint, and recommendations from Credit Karma all live together.

The personal information we use in this centralized way is all the information that Intuit knows about you.
It includes your credentials.
your name and contact details.
payment information.
information about your activities, your interests and preferences.
insights about your finances or your business.
the content you place in our Platform.
and information we have collected about you from third-party sources. Organizational account information Some experiences and services within the Intuit Platform allow you to interact with an organization (such as your employer).
If you are granted access to an organization or household account (for example, a business's account in QuickBooks), the owner of the organization or a designated administrator may control and administer details of your account, for example, by deciding your access rights.
making decisions about your personal information (such as details about your payroll).
or requiring you to take certain actions (for example, use location tracking to clock in for a shift).
If your access rights are amended by the owner or designated administrator, then you may lose access to the information that is in the control of the organization.
Your use of the Intuit Platform as part of an organization’s account may be subject to the organization’s policies, which may be different from this Statement.
We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of other organizations, and you should consider both the organization's policies and whether you are comfortable enabling the organization with access to your information prior to connecting to their services.
Information we collect Information we receive from you The personal information that we receive about you depends on the context of your interactions with Intuit, how you configure your account and the choices that you make, including your privacy settings.
Personal information that you provide may also depend upon what services or experiences you use, your location and applicable law.
Learn more about the personal information we collect, how we use it, and your rights.




Creating an account. We collect information when you create an account, interact with the Intuit Platform or activate a subscription.
Personal information may include your contact information (such as your name, address, phone number and email), profile photo, billing information (your payment information), usernames and credentials.



Identification information. We collect information to verify your identity, including your name, social security number, social insurance number, driver’s license numbers, government-issued identification details, for example to verify your identity in order to help you file your tax return.



Customer support, product research, training and feedback. We may collect personal information when you reach out to us for support, give us feedback, participate in optional surveys, product research or training and you choose to share.



Social and community content. We receive content you post on our social media pages and our community pages.




Device information. We may collect information about your device such as Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses, log information, error messages, device type, and unique device identifiers.
For example, we may collect IP addresses from you as part of our sign in and security features.



Content. We may receive information about your business, your finances, expenses, invoices, financial statements, details of your financial transactions, payroll details, payment details, tax return details, details about your customers or vendors or employees, income and wage information, and/or investment information.



Third-party service content. We receive information about you when you sign into a third-party service with your account or when you connect your account to a third-party service.
For example, you may choose to connect your account with your bank accounts.
To sync your financial account information, we must access your financial account information.



Usage information. We may collect usage information such as the pages you viewed, the features you use, your browser type and details about any links with which you interact.



Location information. Certain features in the Intuit Platform may collect your precise location information, device motion information, or both, if you grant permission to do so in your device settings.
For example, if you use our time-tracking service.



Expert advice. The Intuit Platform provides many opportunities for you to connect with live experts, including, for example, accountants or tax preparers.
When you interact with these experts, we may receive information about the questions you ask, the details of your accounts and the guidance provided to you.



Camera and contacts. Certain features may have access to your camera and contacts if you grant permission in your device settings.



Information from cookies and other technologies. Intuit and our service providers may use commonly used tools such as cookies, web beacons, pixels, local shared objects and similar technologies (collectively "cookies") to collect information about you (“Cookie Information”) so we can provide the experiences you request, recognize your visit, track your interactions, and improve your and other customers' experience.
You have control over some of the information we collect from Cookies and how we use it.
For full details on how we use cookies and similar technologies please see our Intuit Cookies Policy.



Information stored locally. Some of our web-enabled desktop services and offerings synchronize with the information on your computer.
In doing so, we may collect information such as device information, product usage, and error reports.
We may also store personal information locally on your device.
 Biometric Information Certain parts of the Intuit Platform make use of biometric personal information (“Biometric Information“).
Biometric Information can be subject to additional laws and regulations.
We collect Biometric Information from you when you enroll in our biometric identity program and automatically as part of our anti-fraud protection, authentication and customer support activities.
These identifiers may include facial recognition information, voiceprints and key-stroke information, as well as mathematical representations of your biometric identifier, such as the template maintained for comparison.
We use Biometric Information to identify and authenticate you, and for security and similar purposes.
We share Biometric Information with third-party service providers who assist with our information technology, security and fraud programs, our professional advisors, and as required by law or regulation.
Intuit does not sell your Biometric Information.
When we collect Biometric Information, you will receive a specific notice and consent request at the time of that collection.
You are not required to consent to the collection of Biometric Information in order to use our services, although some functionality may not be available if you decline and you may withdraw your consent at any time.
Intuit will retain Biometric Information until the purposes for which it was collected have been satisfied or three years from your or your organizational account manager’s last interaction with Intuit, whichever comes first.
Information provided by others Our platform is designed to help you connect with other people and organizations.
As a result of those connections, others may be able to input information about you.
For example, your employer may input information about your salary and work activity in order to process their payroll.
You may also be able to input or process information about others, for example, if you are an account administrator.
If you input information about others into our platform, you must only do so if you have first received the appropriate rights and permissions to do so, including by getting advanced written consent, if required by applicable law.
Other information sources We may also get information about you from others where permitted by applicable law.
We protect and process information obtained from those parties as described in this Privacy Statement, consistent with any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the information.
Our sources may vary over time and depend upon how you use the Intuit Platform.
For example, we receive information from:





Your service providers. If you choose to sync a non-Intuit account/service with your account, we will receive information from that account/service according to your settings with that account/service.
For example, if you connect a point of sale application to your account, we may receive details of your business’s sales records.



Supplemental information and identity verification providers. Service providers who help us verify your identity, the specifics of your business and/or supplement the information you have provided and ensure the accuracy of your information.
For example, we use third-party service providers to validate your mailing address, phone number or provide additional details about your business.
These providers may include, for example, your financial institution, telecommunications provider or email provider.



Customer Support providers. Service providers who provide us with information about you or your interaction with the Intuit Platform for troubleshooting purposes.
For example, we may obtain support information or technical issues you have raised with these third parties.



Credit bureaus and other third parties. Many of our features rely on information about you that we receive from third parties.
For example, in some countries we may offer free credit reports and credit scores we request on your behalf from credit bureau partners, like TransUnion, Experian and Equifax.
Our partners may also provide information such as employment or income data, vehicle or driver information, or information about special offers available based on your credit profile so that we can give you more personalized recommendations.



Other users. As described above, we may get information about you from other users, such as your accountant, bookkeeper, tax preparer, your spouse, your head of household or your employer.
We may also collect such information through features like member referral programs.



Risk management, cybersecurity &amp.
anti-fraud providers. We may receive information from service providers who help us assess risks associated with our offerings, including to help combat fraud, illegal activity and to help protect your personal information.



Content providers. We may receive information from software providers that make user-generated content from their service available to others, such as local business reviews or public social media posts.



Communication providers &amp.
social networks. If you give us permission, we may collect information from email providers, communication providers and social networks.



Joint offering partners. We may offer co-branded services or experiences or engage in joint-marketing activities with others, including through our conferences or live events.



Publicly-available sources. We collect information from publicly available sources, such as open government databases.



Government agencies. We receive information from government agencies, including from various tax agencies.



Required information. Some services and experiences in the Intuit Platform require you to provide information for it to function.
If you do not wish to provide the required information, you may not be able to use certain features.


 How we use personal information We collect and process personal information from you only where:


We have your consent to do so;

We need the personal information to perform a contract with you or provide a service to you;

Provide you with the benefits of the Intuit Platform and operate our business;

The processing is in our legitimate business interests in those jurisdictions where legitimate business interest is a legitimate basis for processing.
or

We need to comply with legal requirements, including applicable laws and regulations.

 Personal information is used to operate our business for the following purposes that are required to originate and maintain our relationship with you, including but not limited to:


Provide you with the Intuit Platform and create your account

Improve our products and services

Run and manage our business, including resolving billing and financial disputes

Evaluate your eligibility for financial offers, products and services

Provide features to you, such as your free credit reports and scores

Connect you with experts and other users

Communicate with you, such as sending you electronic notifications concerning your financial privacy

Advertise and market our services and experiences

Personalize your experience and tailor recommendations and offers presented to you, including through the development of insights about you and your needs

Provide you with support and resolve disputes

Conduct research, including by partnering with academic institutions

Comply with our legal and regulatory requirements

Authenticate your identity, including through the use of Biometric Data

Protect the rights, property, safety or security of the Intuit Platform, our customers, employees or others and prevent fraudulent or illegal activity

To exercise our rights in the course of judicial, administrative or arbitration proceedings

To enforce, remedy or apply our Terms of Service or other agreements and/or

For other purposes that are compatible with the disclosed purposes if and where this is permitted by applicable law.

 Automated Processing To provide you with valuable personalized advice, recommendations and experiences, we may process your personal information using automated and manual (human) methods.
Our automated methods include artificial intelligence (AI) and a range of technologies that help our services learn and reason to improve our ability to personalize and enhance your experience in the Intuit Platform.
How we share your information We may share your information in the following circumstances:

With your consent. In accordance with our Data Stewardship Principles, except for as outlined below, we only share your information with third parties when you have directed us to do so.

When you connect with an Intuit Platform partner. You may be provided with offers, products, and services from third-party companies who integrate with our Intuit Platform (“Platform Partner”).
If you choose to interact with a Platform Partner, apply for their services or offerings or otherwise link or sync your account to a Platform Partner’s product or service, you consent and direct Intuit to share your information, including personal information, to the Platform Partner providing the service or offering.
For example, when we send your personal information to partners in order to generate offers for you to review, when we send your application information directly to our partners, or when we send you to the partner’s site for you to provide the information directly to them.
In some cases, if you click through to go to a Platform Partner’s site, you will automatically be sending your personal information to that Platform Partner.
When this happens, you will still have to submit your application on the Platform Partner’s site.
Remember that any information you provide to a Platform Partner, whether through us or on your own, will be subject to their privacy practices and terms and conditions.

When you connect to your social media account. Some of our features enable you to connect to a social media account or share information on social media platforms, like Facebook and Twitter.
Any information you choose to share on social media may potentially be visible to a global audience and will be subject to the social media provider's privacy policies (not this Privacy Statement).
You should take care only to share information on social media that you are comfortable sharing.

For research. With appropriate controls, we may share information with third-parties, such as academic institutions, government and non-profit organizations, for research purposes or to publish academic or policy-related materials.
We only share information in a way that would not allow any individual to be identified.

For joint features, sales, promotions and events. We may share your information with third-parties companies who are jointly providing features, sales initiatives, promotions or events with us.

With financial services providers. We may share personal Information with collection agencies, credit bureaus and loan service providers, and payment card association members.
We may also share your personal information with other companies, lawyers, credit bureaus, agents, government agencies, and card associations in connection with issues related to fraud, credit, defaults, or debt collection.

When you publicly post the information. We may provide opportunities for you to publicly post reviews, questions, comments, suggestions or other content, which may include personal information, such as your name or user name.
Anything you share in a public forum is public, and you should think carefully before you decide to share.

With service providers or agents. We share personal information with our service providers or agents who provide services on our behalf for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement.
Service providers or agents are required to implement reasonable privacy and information protection controls to maintain the privacy and security of information provided to them consistent with the privacy practices outlined in this Statement.
Service providers or agents may include companies that assist us with our advertising, marketing and sales efforts, help us with our technology offerings (such as a hosting, security or anti-fraud providers) and help us run our business.


For mergers and acquisitions. If we are involved with a merger, asset sale, financing, liquidation, bankruptcy, or the acquisition of all or part of our business to another company, we may share your information with that company and its advisors before and after the transaction date.

No sale of personal information to third parties. We do not and will not sell personal information to third parties.
We do share personal information with third parties for the business purposes described in this Statement.

With our affiliates and subsidiaries and your right to limit information sharing. We may share your information with our affiliates and subsidiaries for everyday business purposes as described in this Statement, including for marketing purposes.
Certain laws may provide you with the right to limit our information sharing activities in certain circumstances.
Please review these rights in the “Country and Region-Specific Terms” section below.

Cookies and other tracking technologies. You can find information on changing your browser settings to opt-out of cookies in your browser settings.
In certain countries, you may also be able to make changes to your cookies settings by using our cookie preferences tool.
If you disable some or all of the cookies the service, or parts of the service may not work.
For more information, please see Intuit’s Cookies Policy.


For advertising and analytics. Intuit may use advertising networks and other providers to display advertising on our Intuit Platform or to manage our advertising on other sites.
Our advertising partners may place cookies on unaffiliated websites in order to serve advertisements that may be relevant to you based on your browsing activities and interests and determine the effectiveness of such advertisements.
See also the “Country and Region-Specific Terms” section below for additional pages.
The Intuit Platform is not currently configured to respond to browsers’ “Do Not Track” signals because at this time no formal “Do Not Track” standard has been adopted.

For legal reasons. We may share your information with third-parties for legal reasons without your consent, and as permitted by law, including:



When we reasonably believe disclosure is required in order to comply with a subpoena, court order, or other applicable law, regulation or legal process

To protect the rights, property, or safety of Intuit, TurboTax, the Intuit Platform, our customers or others

To protect or defend against attacks

To enforce, remedy, or apply our Terms of Service or other agreements

To prevent fraud, cybersecurity attacks or illegal activity

For debt collection

With regulatory agencies, including government tax agencies, as necessary to help detect and combat fraud and/or protect our customers, users and/or the Intuit Platform, or in required institutional risk control programs.

 Your information rights and choices Your rights At Intuit, we believe that you have rights to information that pertains to you, your household and/or your business.
If another person has input or processed information in the Intuit Platform on behalf of you, your family or your business (and we are processing such information as an Information Controller), you may ask to receive a copy of your information, even if you do not have an account with us.

Depending on where you live, you may have certain state- or nation-specific rights with respect to your personal information that we collect and process.
For specific information on what steps you can take to manage your privacy, please see the “Country and Region-Specific Terms” section for your country, below.
 Collapse all Expand all 
 Verification To help protect privacy and the security of your information, you may be asked to provide additional information to verify your identity and/or ownership rights prior to us exercising your data rights.
If we are unable to verify your identity or ownership rights to the data, we may not be able to provide you with data rights until you are able to provide us with proper documents.

 Information retention Unless you specifically ask us to delete your personal information, we retain your personal information as long as it is necessary to comply with our data retention requirements and provide you with services and the benefits of the Intuit Platform.
However, even if you request a deletion, we may be required to maintain your information for as long as necessary to:
1) comply with our legal or regulatory compliance needs (e.g.
maintaining records of transactions you have made with us).
2) to exercise, establish or defend legal claims.
and/or3) to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on our service.

This means we may keep different information for different periods.
If your account is canceled because you’ve not used it in a long time, we may delete this information straight away.
There may be occasions where we are unable to fully delete, anonymize, or de-identify your information due to technical, legal, regulatory compliance or other operational reasons.
Where this is the case, we will take reasonable measures to securely isolate your personal information from any further processing until such time as we are able to delete, anonymize, or de-identify it.


 International data transfers Unless you have provided us with consent to transfer your information, US Tax Preparation Information shall be processed and stored in the United States in accordance with applicable law.
If you were a TurboTax Canada customer before tax year 2013 and we still house any of your tax return(s) for any of those previous years, your Tax Preparation Information for those previous years will continue to remain in Canada except by your express consent.
With the exceptions noted above, you agree and Intuit reserves the right to store and process your personal information in the United States and in any other country where Intuit or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers operate facilities in accordance with and as permitted by applicable laws and regulations.
Some of these countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
When we transfer, store or process personal information outside of your jurisdiction, we take appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Statement and applicable law.
We may use contracts or the European Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses to help ensure your information is protected.
Intuit (excluding Credit Karma) complies with the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by U.S.
Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union (EU), the United Kingdom (UK), and Switzerland to the United States.
You can find more information about Intuit’s EU-U.S.
and Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield certification here.

 Security of your personal information We use physical, technical and organizational safeguards designed to protect your information.
However, despite these controls, we cannot completely ensure or warrant the security of your information.
You can find out more about how we protect your information and the steps you can take to help protect your information here.
 Changes to our Privacy Statements From time to time we may change or update our Privacy Statement.
We reserve the right to make changes or updates at any time.
If we make material changes to the way we process your personal information, we will notify you by posting a notice in our platform or on a community post.
by sending you a notification.
or by other means consistent with applicable law.
You can see when this Privacy Statement was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this Privacy Statement.
Please review this Privacy Statement periodically to stay informed about how Intuit protects your privacy. Collection and use of children’s personal information Our services are not intended for or directed to children.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children.
If you believe we may have information from a child, please contact us.
Country and Region-Specific Terms Additional terms may apply to you based upon the country you reside in or the products you use.
Please click the country or region that applies to you to learn more about additional terms and rights that may apply to you.
Collapse all Expand all 
 United States If you are a resident of the United States, you may have the following rights:

US Tax Preparation Information
We understand that your Tax Preparation Information is special.
Except as necessary to provide you with tax preparation services or as authorized by law, we will not disclose your Tax Preparation Information – including to Intuit’s affiliates and subsidiaries – unless you consent.
We will only use your Tax Preparation Information to provide you with tax preparation services or as authorized by law, unless you consent that we can use and/or share it for other purposes.
If you agree to share your Tax Preparation Information outside of our tax products to be used for purposes other than tax preparation services, including by sharing it with the Intuit Platform, your Tax Preparation Information will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Statement.

If you are a Vermont resident, you may have the following rights:

Intuit group companies will not share your non-public personal information with unaffiliated third parties unless you authorize us to make those disclosures without your consent, other than as permitted by law.
Further, Intuit group companies’ consumer offerings will not share credit reports with our affiliates without your consent.


If you are a California resident, you may have the following rights:


Access. You may have the right to access:
• the categories of personal information we have collected about you,• the sources from which that information was collected,• the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information, • the categories of third parties with whom we share your personal information, • the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you, • the categories of personal information we sold about you,• the categories of third parties to whom we sold personal information about you, and • the categories of personal information we disclosed for a business purpose.


Deletion.
You may have the right, under certain circumstances, to request that we delete the personal information you have provided to us.

Non-discrimination.
You have the right to be free from discrimination related to your exercise of any of your California privacy rights.

Verification. In order to protect your personal information from unauthorized access or deletion, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a rights request.
If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has suffered fraudulent or malicious activity, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification.
For Credit Karma members, we may require that you confirm certain pieces of personal information that we have on file and/or log into your Credit Karma account.
If we are subsequently unable to confirm your identity, we may refuse your rights request.

Authorized agents. You may use an authorized agent to submit a rights request.
If you do so, the agent must present signed written authorization to act on your behalf, and you may also be required to independently verify your identity or your legal authority or ownership of the personal information with us.
Please note that we may claim legal exemptions for certain types of personal information from all or certain parts of the CCPA pursuant to various CCPA exemptions.

What you can do to manage your privacy

You have choices when it comes to managing the privacy of your personal information.

Update your privacy settings. You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.

Manage marketing communications from us. To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings.
You may also click unsubscribe at the bottom of the marketing emails.

Download a copy of your personal information. You may request a copy of your personal information by visiting your account or ourIntuit Privacy Center.
If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, by visiting the Credit Karma Help Center or by emailing us at CCPArequests@creditkarma.com.

Correct your personal information. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.

Delete your personal information. You may request for us to delete your personal information by visiting your account settings or the Intuit Privacy Center.
If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, by visiting the Credit Karma Help Center or by emailing us at CCPArequests@creditkarma.com.

Cookies and other tracking technologies. You may be able to opt-out of interest based advertising by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada Opt-Out Page, NAI Opt-Out Page and the Choices Opt-Out Page or by visiting our Intuit Privacy Center.

Your Right to Limit Information Sharing: You have the right to limit our sharing of your information to both affiliates and third-parties for marketing purposes.
You can limit our information sharing through our Marketing Preferences Center.



 Australia 
If you are a resident of Australia, you may have the following rights:



Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information.


Objection and Restriction. You may object to our processing of your personal information, including for marketing purposes, or ask us to restrict processing of your personal information.
If you request that we stop processing some or all of your personal information or you withdraw (where applicable) your consent for our use or disclosure of your personal information for purposes set out in this privacy notice, we might not be able to provide you all of the Services and customer support offered to our users and authorized under this Notice.


What you can do to manage your privacy

You have choices when it comes to managing the privacy of your personal information.

Update your privacy settings. You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.

Manage marketing communications from us. To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings.

Access or Deletion. To make a request for access or deletion of your personal information, contact us through the link provided in the “How to Contact Us” section for Australia, below.

Correct your personal information. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.

Objection and Restriction. To object to data processing or request a restriction, contact us through the link provided in the “How to Contact Us” section for Australia, below.


 Brazil 
Sharing with Credit Bureaus

If you are located in Brazil and have requested the cancelling of your registration on each of our partners as allowed by Brazilian Federal Law No.
12,414/2011, we will not be able to provide you any more personalized recommendations based on your credit profile.

If you are a resident of Brazil, you may have the following rights:


Access, Correction, Anonymization or Deletion. You may request to access, to correct, to anonymize or to delete your personal information.


Objection and Restriction. You may object to our processing of your personal information or ask us to restrict processing of your personal information.

Portability. You may request portability of your personal information.

Withdraw Consent. If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time.
Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.

File a complaint. You have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority about our collection and processing of your personal information.
To exercise any of your rights, contact us through the link provided in the “How to Contact Us” section for Brazil, below.

What you can do to manage your privacy

You have choices when it comes to managing the privacy of your personal information.

Update your privacy settings. You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.

Manage marketing communications from us. To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings.

Correct your personal information. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.

Request a copy of your personal information. You may request a copy of your personal information by contacting us through the link provided in the “How to Contact Us” section for Brazil, below.

Delete your personal information. You may request for us to delete your personal information by contacting us through the link provided in the “How to Contact Us” section for Brazil, below.


Objection, Restriction &amp.
Portability. You may request objection, restriction and portability rights by contacting us through the link provided in the “How to Contact Us” section for Brazil, below.


 Canada While we take steps to maintain protection of your personal information, your personal information may be disclosed in response to valid demands or requests from governments, regulators, courts and law enforcement authorities in those other jurisdictions or countries.

If you are a resident of Canada, you may have the following rights:


Access, Correction or Deletion. You may request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information (provided we no longer have a business need to retain your personal information).
Even if you request for your personal information to be deleted, certain aspects may be retained for us to: meet our legal or regulatory compliance (e.g.
maintaining records of transactions you have made with us).
exercise, establish or defend legal claims.
and to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on the Intuit Platform.
Data retained for these purposes will be handled as described in “Information Retention”.

Withdraw consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time to collection, use and disclosure of your personal information.
Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.


File a complaint. You have the right to file a complaint with the applicable Privacy Commissioner about our collection and processing of your personal information.

What you can do to manage your privacy


You have choices when it comes to managing the privacy of your personal information.


Update your privacy settings. You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.

Manage marketing communications from us. To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings.
You may also click unsubscribe at the bottom of the marketing emails.

Cookies and other tracking technologies. You may be able to opt-out of interest based advertising by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada Opt-Out Page, NAI Opt-Out Page and the Choices Opt-Out Page.


Correct your personal information. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.

Request a copy of your personal information. You may request a copy of your personal information by contacting us through the link provided in the “How to Contact Us” section for Canada, below.

Delete your personal information. You may request for us to delete your personal information by contacting us through the link provided in the “How to Contact Us” section for Canada, below.


 India Where data of Indian individuals are involved, you hereby agree that the “reasonable security practices and procedures” under section 43A Explanation (ii) of the Information Technology Act, 2000 means this Intuit’s Privacy Statement and such data security procedures that Intuit may implement from time to time and which may, in Intuit’s discretion, be informed to you from time to time.

What you can do to manage your privacy
You have choices when it comes to managing the privacy of your personal information.

Update your privacy settings. You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.

Manage marketing communications from us. To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings.

Correct your personal information. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.


 Mexico 
If you are a resident of Mexico, you may have the following rights known as “ARCO rights”:


Access. You have the right to know what personal data we have about you, what we use it for and the conditions of use we give to it.
Electronic copies of your personal data will be provided if you exercise your right of access.

Rectification. You have the right to request the correction of your personal data if it is outdated, inaccurate, or incomplete (Rectification).

Deletion/Cancellation. You have the right to request that we remove your personal information from our records or databases when you consider that it is not being used in accordance with the principles, duties, and obligations provided for in the applicable laws.

Opposition/Rejection. You have the right to oppose the use of your personal data for specific purposes.

What you can do to manage your privacy

You have choices when it comes to managing the privacy of your personal information and exercising your ARCO rights.
Please note that we are required to verify your request prior to exercising your rights.
After we have received a request, our response will indicate whether the request for access, rectification, cancellation or opposition is appropriate and, if so, the determination will be made within 15 business days from such date.
The deadlines may be extended under the terms set out in the applicable laws.

Update your privacy settings. You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.

Manage marketing communications from us. To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings.

Correct your personal information. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.

Request a copy of your personal information. You may request a copy of your personal information by contacting us through the link provided in the “How to Contact Us” section for Mexico, below.
When making a request, please provide a clear and precise description of the personal data you wish to access any other element that facilitates the location of your data.

Delete your personal information. You may request for us to delete your personal information by contacting us through the link provided in the “How to Contact Us” section for Mexico, below.
When making a request, please provide a clear and precise description of the personal data you wish to delete/cancel or any other element that facilitates the location of your data.

Objection. You may request objection, restriction and portability rights by contacting us through the link provided in the “How to Contact Us” section for Mexico, below.
When making a request, please provide a clear and precise description of the personal data you wish to oppose, or any other element that facilitates the location of your data.

How to limit the use and disclosure of your personal information
If you are a resident of Mexico, you also have the right to limit the use or disclosure of your personal information by contacting us through the link provided in the “How to Contact Us” section for Mexico, below.


How to withdraw your consent
If you are a resident of Mexico, you also have the right to withdraw your consent for our processing of your personal information by contacting us through the link provided in the “How to Contact Us” section for Mexico, below.


 United Kingdom (“UK”) and European Economic Area (“EEA”) 
EU Legal Representative

The controller of your personal data is Intuit Inc.
whose contact details can be found in the “How to Contact Us” section below.
Intuit Inc.'s representatives in the UK and EEA are:
In the UK: Intuit Ltd..
Intuit Ltd.
contact details can be found in the “How to Contact Us” section below.
In the EEA: Intuit Inc.
and Intuit UK Limited have each appointed Intuit France SAS as its Legal Representative in the European Union in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679.
Intuit France’s contact details can be found in the “How to Contact Us” section below.


Legal Basis of Processing

Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Statement will depend on the type of personal information and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally process personal information from you only when:
• We have your consent to do so;
• We need the personal information to perform a contract with you or provide a service to you;
• The processing is in our legitimate business interests, such as operating our businesses, improving the Intuit Platform, communicating with you, marketing our offerings and services and to detect illegal activities.
and/or
• To comply with legal requirements, including applicable laws and regulations
For residents in the UK searching for a credit card or a personal loan through the Intuit Platform, we may share your personal information, including your contact details, date of birth, as well as the information you give us about your employment, income, and housing and employment expenses with third parties to determine your eligibility, including HD Decisions, Capital One and Monevo.
You can find more information about their data protection practices in their privacy policies:
HD DecisionsCapital One Monevo


If you are a resident of the UK or EEA, you may have the following rights:


Access, Correction or Deletion. You may request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information.
Please note that even if you request for your personal information to be deleted, certain aspects may be retained for us to: meet our legal or regulatory compliance (e.g.
maintaining records of transactions you have made with us).
exercise, establish or defend legal claims.
and to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on our Service.
Data retained for these purposes will be handled as described in the section “Information Retention”.

Objection and Restriction. You may object to our processing of your personal information or ask us to restrict processing of your personal information.

Portability. You may request portability of your personal information.

Withdraw Consent. If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time.
Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.

File a complaint. You have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority about our collection and processing of your personal information.

What you can do to manage your privacy

You have choices when it comes to managing the privacy of your personal information.

Update your privacy settings. You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.

Manage marketing communications from us. To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings or visit our GDPR Centre.
You may also click unsubscribe at the bottom of the marketing emails.

Request a copy of your personal information. You may request a copy of your personal information by visiting our GDPR Centre.
If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma UK, you may request a copy of your personal information by visiting Credit Karma’s Help Centre.

Correct your personal information. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.

Delete your personal information. You may request for us to delete your personal information through our GDPR Centre.
If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma UK, you may request for us to delete your personal information by visiting Credit Karma’s Help Centre.

Objection, Restriction &amp.
Portability. You may request for us to delete your personal information through our GDPR Centre.
If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma UK, you may request for us to delete your personal information by visiting Credit Karma’s Help Centre.

Cookies and other tracking technologies. You may be able to opt-out of such interest-based advertising by visiting Network Advertising Initiative or Your Online Choices or by visiting our GDPR Centre.





 How to Contact Us If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Statement or our practices, please contact us.

You can submit Intuit privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here.
You can submit Credit Karma privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here.
If you have an unresolved privacy or information use concern or complaint that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
You can also contact us through the following country and regional channels.
Collapse all Expand all 
 United States Intuit Inc.
Attention: Privacy2800 E Commerce Center Place, Tucson, AZ 85706
Credit Karma, Inc.Attention: Legal Department 1100 Broadway, Suite 1800Oakland, CA 94607PO Box 30963Oakland CA 94604legal@creditkarma.com 

 Australia Visit the QuickBooks Australia website to learn how to contact their support team.
Go to QuickBooks Australia
Intuit Australia Pty.
LimitedLevel 34, 1 O'Connell St.Sydney, NSW 2000 Australia

 Brazil Visit the QuickBooks Brazil website to learn about the various ways to contact their support team.
Go to QuickBooks Brazil
Intuit Brasil Serviços de Informática LTDA.
Av.
Brigadeiro Faria Lima, nº 3900, 9th floorSão Paulo / SP - Brazil CEP 04358-132
If you have questions or concerns that have not been addressed by this Privacy Statement, you can contact Barbara Sondag, Director of Data Protection at Intuit Brasil Serviços de Informática Ltda., at the email address DPO@intuit.com.

 Canada Intuit CanadaAttention: Privacy5100 Spectrum WayMississauga, ONL4W 5S2
You may contact the Intuit Canada Privacy Officer by writing to DPO@intuit.com.
Credit Karma, Inc.
Attention: Privacy Officer P.O.
Box 520, San Francisco, CA 94104-0520 USA
If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, you can visit the Credit Karma Help Centre.
You can also email the Credit Karma Canada Privacy Officer by writing to legal@creditkarma.ca.

 France Intuit France SASIntuit Data Protection Administration7 rue de la Paix 75002 Paris, France
You can contact our Intuit Data Protection Officer by writing to DPO@intuit.com.

 India Visit the QuickBooks India website to learn how to contact their support team.
Go to QuickBooks India
Intuit Technology Services Private LimitedCampus 4A, PrITech Park (Ecospace)7th and 8th Floor, Belandur VillageVarthur Hobli, Bangalore East TalukBangalore - 560 103 India

 Mexico Visit the QuickBooks Mexico website to learn how to contact their support team.
Go to QuickBooks Mexico 
Intuit QuickBooks MexicoMontes Urales 424Lomas de Chapultepec sección V11000 CDMX, México

 United Kingdom and EEA Intuit LimitedAttention: Intuit Data Protection Administration, Cardinal Place, 80 Victoria Street, London, United Kingdom, SW1E 5JL 
Credit Karma UK Limitedc/o Legalinx Limited,Tallis House, 2 Tallis Street, London, United Kingdom, EC4Y 0AB
You can contact the Intuit Data Protection Officer by writing toDPO@intuit.com and the Credit Karma Data Protection Officer by writing to dpo@creditkarma.co.uk.

 Company 
 About Intuit 
 Investor Relations 
 Corporate Citizenship 
 Accessibility 
 Partner with Intuit 
 Contact Us 
 Customer Research 
 For Individuals 
 TurboTax 
 Mint 
 QuickBooks Self-Employed 
 Turbo 
 Credit Karma 
 For Small Business 
 QuickBooks 
 Check and Tax Forms 
 Payroll 
 Payments 
 TSheets by QuickBooks 
 QuickBooks Capital 
 For Accountants 
 Lacerte Tax 
 ProConnect Tax 
 ProSeries Tax 
 QuickBooks Online Accountant 
 ProAdvisor Program 
 Sitemap Select Country 



 United States (English) 


 Canada (English) 


 Canada (Français) 


 India (English) 



 About Us 
 Careers 
 Press Room 
 Accessibility 

© 2020 Intuit Inc.
All rights reserved.
Intuit, QuickBooks, QB, TurboTax, ProConnect, and Mint are registered trademarks of Intuit Inc.
Terms and conditions, features, support, pricing, and service options subject to change without notice.
Photographs ©2018 Jeremy Bittermann Photography
By accessing and using this page you agree to the Terms and Conditions.

About cookies | Manage cookies



 Legal 
 Privacy 
 Security 
 GDPR 

