

Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Honor Code
Community Guidelines
Cookie Policy
Copyright Infringement
 Quizlet Ad and Cookie Policy Effective Date: August 30, 2016.
Last Updated: January 1, 2020 About Cookies And Tracking Tools	We collect personal information about users over time and across different websites when you use this website, app or service.
To do this, we use several common tracking tools.
Our vendors or third parties may place and use these tools on our sites or apps.
In this policy “we” and “us” refers to Quizlet and our affiliates.
It also includes our vendors and third parties who place tools on our sites or apps.
We use third-party service providers collect information such as your IP address, identifiers associated with your device, other applications on your device, the browsers you use to access the Service, the pages viewed, how much time you spend on a page or Quizlet overall, links you clicked, and activity information (for example, study sessions you have completed) to provide site metrics and other analytics services.
This information is used by Quizlet and third-party service providers on behalf of Quizlet to analyze and track usage of the Service, determine the popularity of certain content, and better understand how you use the Service.
The tools these providers use may include browser cookies.
We also use other technologies that function similarly to cookies.
For instance, we may also use web beacons, flash cookies, and similar technologies.
We also use local storage, which allows data to be stored locally on your browser or device and includes HTML5 local storage and browser cache.
Our website includes social media features and widgets, such as the "Share This" button.
These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
Social Media Features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site.
To learn more about what tracking tools are and how they work visit here.
You can find more information about the different reasons we use cookies below and manage your cookies preferences using the widget included in "Your Choices". The Tracking Tools We Use	We use tracking tools for many reasons, including to engage in interest-based advertising, count visitors to a page, or enhance the security of our services.
We have described these tools below by type.
They are (1) essential tracking tools.
(2) analytic tools.
and (3) social media, marketing and advertising tools. Essential Tracking Tools	These cookies are necessary for our services to function properly and to help identify and prevent security risks.
We may also use these cookies to remember your settings and preferences.
For example, if you study a Quizlet study set in Test Mode, your preferences about how many and what kinds of questions appear in the test are stored in a cookie.
When you log in to your Quizlet account, we set an encrypted cookie that uniquely identifies you so that on subsequent visits to quizlet.com you automatically stay logged in.
For some features of the website, it’s necessary to store data temporarily on one page so that we can use it again on another.
For example, if you are referred by another user to Quizlet, a referral code is stored in a cookie so that, if you chose to upgrade, we can credit that other user with the referral. Analytic Tools	We use these cookies to collect information about how you interact with our services to help us improve them.
We may use these cookies to determine if you have interacted with certain content or features.
We use these cookies to learn more about what features are the most popular with our users. Social Media, Marketing, and Advertising Tools	Social media and marketing cookies let you connect to your social networks and share content from our websites through social media.
Interest-based advertising or “online behavioral advertising” is serving advertising content to you based on information gathered from you over time across multiple sites or other platforms.
It includes serving ads to you after you leave our website, encouraging you to return.
It also includes serving ads we think are relevant based on your browsing habits or online activities.
These ads might be served on websites or on apps.
They might also be served in emails.
We might serve these ads, or third parties may serve ads.
They might be about our products or other companies’ products. Interest-Based Advertising	We use information you make available to us when you interact with us, our affiliates, and other third parties to decide what content is relevant to you.
We gather this information using the tracking tools described above.
For example, we or our partners might look at your purchases or browsing behaviors.
We or our partners might also look at your location.
We might look at these activities on our platforms or the platforms of others.
We work with third parties who help gather this information.
These third parties might link your name or email address to other information they collect.
That might include past purchases made online.
Or, it might include online usage information. Your Choices	When you visit our website for the first time, a banner may inform you of the use of cookies and your choices.
You can also configure your cookies and advertising settings at any time using this widget.
Choices you make are both browser and device specific. How To Control Certain Tracking Tools	Your browser may give you the ability to control cookies.
How you do so depends on the type of cookie.
You can set your browser to reject cookies.
To find out more about how to control cookies from your web browser, please visit here.
To control flash cookies, which we may use, you can go here.
Why? Because flash cookies cannot be controlled through your browser settings. How To Control Interest-Based Advertising	Quizlet and our third-party advertising partners may serve advertisements when you visit our website.
In order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you, Quizlet and our third-party advertising partners may use information collected from you, or from devices associated with you (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number), and your visits to this and other websites to show you more relevant ads.
The Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising program provides consumers with the ability to opt-out of having their online behavior recorded and used for advertising purposes.
To opt out of having your online behavior collected for advertising purposes, click here.
European users should use the following link to learn more about how to opt out of receiving these types of ads: https://www.youronlinechoices.eu/.
The Digital Advertising Alliance also offers a tool for opting out of the collection of cross-app data on a mobile device for interest-based advertising.
To exercise choice for companies participating in this tool, download the AppChoices app here. Our Do Not Track Policy	
Some browsers have “do not track” features that allow you to tell a website not to track you.
These features are not all uniform. We do not currently respond to those signals.
If you block cookies, certain features on our sites may not work.
If you block or reject cookies, not all of the tracking described here will stop.
