

Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Honor Code
Community Guidelines
Cookie Policy
Copyright Infringement
 Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy 
Quizlet is committed to protecting the intellectual property rights of third parties.
 Last modified: June 9, 2017 
The fastest and easiest way to submit a copyright infringement notification to us is through our website.


Click here to submit a copyright infringement notification.
We review and take action on these reports promptly.
If you do not wish to submit your DMCA notice using our online form, you may also send a copyright infringement notification to us by email or mail.
Your request must include the following information per Section 512(c)(3) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act:

Valid contact information for you or a representative authorized to act on your behalf You need to provide information that will allow us and the uploaders of any sets, classes, folders, or other removed content to contact you regarding the complaint.
In general, contact information must include:

Full legal name (a first and last name, not a company name)
Email address
Physical address
Telephone number


A description of the work being infringed You must clearly and completely describe the copyrighted content you are seeking to protect.
If multiple copyrighted works are covered in the complaint, the law allows you to include a representative list of such works.
Each allegedly infringing piece of content’s specific URL You should always include the specific URL of the content believed to infringe on your copyright(s).
General information about the content, such as a folder, search term or username, is usually not sufficient unless also accompanied by a detailed explanation that allows us to identify the content in question clearly and unambiguously (e.g., a statement that all public content created by the user is infringing) In general, however, submissions should identify content via a specific URL in one of the following formats: 
www.quizlet.com/#####/xxxxxx
www.quizlet.com/class/###### (with an accompanying detailed explanation)
www.quizlet.com/username/folders/xxxxxx (with an accompanying detailed explanation)


You must agree to and/or include the following statements: 
“I have a good faith belief that the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.”
"The information in this notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, I am the owner, or an agent authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.”


The request must include your signature: Complete complaints require your physical or electronic signature or the signature of a representative authorized to act on your behalf.
To satisfy this requirement, you (or your representative) may type your full legal name to act as your signature at the bottom of the complaint or in the Quizlet DMCA submission form.


You can submit your DMCA notice by email to dmca@quizlet.com or by mail to:

Quizlet, Inc.
 ATTN: DMCA Agent 501 2nd Street, Suite 500 San Francisco CA, 94107 USA

In accordance with the DMCA, Quizlet has developed and maintains a policy to terminate the accounts of repeat infringers.
In addition, please note that Quizlet may send your original notice to the alleged infringer or, if we have reason to suspect the validity of your complaint, to the rights holder.
