
 Updated May 20th, 2018

 R-Tools Technology Inc.
(henceforth "R-TT" or "we") takes strong measures to protect the security of your personal information.
We take the stringent precautions to protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration or destruction.
We do not sell or give away personal information obtained from our customers or publishers.

 Please read our Privacy Policy ("Policy") carefully.
When you submit information to us, you consent to the processing of your information as described in this policy.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY PART OF THE POLICY, THEN PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SERVICES.


1. The data controller for the information you provide or that we collect on r-tt.com, its subdomains and the affiliated domains r-studio.com, r-undelete.com, r-wipe.com and drive-image.com (collectively referred to herein "R-TT Domains") is R-TT registered and resides in the province of Ontario, Canada.


2. This Privacy Policy applies to use of public portions of R-TT domains and registered users of R-TT products and services (https://secure.r-tt.com/UserConsole.shtml
, https://www.r-tt.com/Distribution.shtml
, https://www.r-tt.com/Affiliate_Program.shtml
, http://directory.r-tt.com/Submit_Site/
, http://articles.r-tt.com/login/
, http://articles.r-tt.com/registration/
, https://secure.r-tt.com/distributor/login/), collectively, "Services".
If a particular part of the Services posts its own privacy policy, then that policy, not this policy, applies in the case of an inconsistency.

 This Policy does not apply to information that is collected by any third-party website or service that you access through the Services.


3. We collect different types of personal and other information based on your use of our products and services and our business relationship with you.




Contact Information
 that allows us to communicate with you -- including your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address;


Billing information
 related to your financial relationship with us -- including your contact information, your payment data, transaction id, order and service history.


Equipment, Performance, Our Web Pages Usage, Viewing and other Technical Information
 about your use of our web-pages, products or services --including device id and type, device-specific settings and characteristics, operating system, identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser or any account with R-TT, Internet Protocol (IP) address, HTTP agent, browser type and language, time zones, the date and time of your request and referral URL.


4. We collect information in the following ways:


From user while purchasing or interacting with our sales or support departments over the phone or online about a product or service we offer or provide;
Automatically when a user visits our websites, fills out and submits online forms or uses our products and services;
From others, including our merchant providers, our vendors and resellers;


5. We use "cookies" (small text files placed on your hard drive) on certain pages to help analyze our web page flow.
customize our services, content and advertising.
measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety.
A cookie typically contains the name of the domain (internet location) from which the cookie originated, the "lifetime" of the cookie (i.e.
when it expires) and a randomly generated unique number or similar identifier.
A cookie also may contain information about your computer, such as user settings, browsing history and activities conducted while using the Services.
The cookie information is used to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between us and our affiliate partners.
You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although doing so may interfere with your use of some of our sites or services.
You also may be able to reject device identifiers by activating the appropriate setting on your device.
We also use Google Youtube which is a Google service that uses Data Collection Technology to collect anonymous information about use of the Services and report website trends.


6. We perform different operations on the information, whether or not by automated means, such as collecting, recording, storing, organizing, use, modification, disclosure or deleting (collectively, "process information") and use it in a variety of ways, including to:


Provide you with the customer and technical support services;
Process transactions/orders requested by you;
Provide the services you purchase, and to respond to your questions;
Communicate with you regarding service updates, offers, and promotions;
Deliver customized content and advertising that may be of interest to you;
Investigate, prevent or take action regarding any illegal activities such fraud, license violations and other misuses of the Services;
Analyze trends and statistically monitor how many people are using the Services;
Develop, improve and protect the Services;
Ensure the technical functionality and security of the Services.

 Most of the time, the reason we process your information is to perform the contract that you have with us to use the Services.
We may use your information when we have legitimate interests to do so.
For instance, we analyze users' behavior on the Services to continuously improve our offerings, marketing our new products and features and process information for administrative, fraud detection and legal purposes.


7. We share personal data collected through the Services as follows:


We share information with our merchant providers Scotiabank and Paypal to process your payments for the Services;
We may share and transfer personal data if we are involved in a merger, sale, acquisition, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, bankruptcy or other change of ownership or control by R-TT or any affiliated company (in each case, whether in whole or in part);
Applicable law or regulations may require R-TT to disclose your personal data if: (i) reasonably necessary to comply with audit, legal process (such as a court order, subpoena or search warrant), government investigation, or other legal requirements or (ii) necessary for the prevention or detection of crime (subject in each case to applicable law);
We also share information if (i) disclosure would mitigate R-TT's liability in an actual or threatened lawsuit.
(ii) as necessary to protect legal rights of R-TT, users, customers, vendors, business partners or other interested parties.
(iii) to pursue available remedies or limit the damages.
(iv) to enforce our agreements.
and (v) to respond to an emergency.


8. We keep your personal data only as long as needed for legitimate business purposes and as permitted by applicable law.
In accordance with the CRA (Canada Revenue Agency) circular # IC78-10R5 all Ontario corporation business records must be kept for a minimum of six years from the end of the last tax year to which they relate.
The received credit card numbers and their security codes and expiration dates are used to process the sale transactions and they are never stored in databases on our servers except first four and last four digits of credit cards for search and verification purposes only; All of our servers are located in Canada and no cross-border data transfer is involved.


9. You have the right to review, change and delete certain personal data that you provided to R-TT by signing in to our Registered User's Console, Distributor/Reseller account or Publisher account.
Generally, we do not manually modify your personal information and you may not change any billing or credit card information related to a particular payment transaction once the transaction is already processed and recorded in our database.
If you have additional questions regarding the correction or deletion of the personal data we hold about you, please contact us using the contact information below.
Please be reminded that we will review your request but may be restricted in our ability to change or delete your personal data.
If the Services are made available to you by our reseller or distributor you must contact him directly and he should send us a request on your behalf.
We may reject requests for certain reasons, including if the request is unlawful or if it may infringe on trade secrets or intellectual property or privacy rights of a third party.
In certain countries, including in the European Union, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority if you have concerns about how we process your personal data.

 If you do not wish to receive news or marketing-related emails from us, please click the unsubscribe link in such email.
The unsubscribe link is a mandatory for all news or marketing-related emails we send.


10. Your account on R-TT server is protected by a password for your privacy and security.
You need to prevent unauthorized access to your account and personal information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.

 We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
For example, we protect the information transmitted from your browser to the Services using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software or similar encryption technology.
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.
Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security and any transmission is at your own risk.
That's why we do not store your credit card information on our server.
If you believe that information you provided to us is no longer secure, please notify us immediately using the contact information provided below.
We may also suspend your use of all or part of the Services without notice if we suspect or detect any breach of security.


11. The Services may include links to third-party websites and services that are not operated by us.
When you click these links, you will be directed away from the Services.
A link to a third-party website or service does not mean that we endorse it or the quality or accuracy of information presented on it.
If you decide to visit a third-party website or service, you are subject to its privacy practices and policies, not ours.
This Policy does not apply to any personal data that you provide to these other websites and services.


12. We operate our online services in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act and do not permit registration by, and will not knowingly collect or use personally identifiable information from, anyone under 13 years of age.
If we learn that we have received any information directly from a child under age 13 without his/her parent's verified consent, we will use that information only to inform the child that he/she cannot use the Services.

 R-TT may amend this Policy from time to time.
Use of information we collect now is subject to the Policy in effect at the time such information is collected.
If we make a material change to this Policy that reduces your privacy rights, we will notify you in advance through the Services.
Your continued use of the Services after the Effective Date constitutes your acceptance of the amended Policy.
The amended Policy supersedes all previous versions.

 You can send us questions or feedback on any of our privacy policies.

