

 Our websites (the Websites) that post a link to this Terms of Use (the Terms) are offering software products and online services (the Services) provided by R-Tools Technology Inc.(R-TT), an Ontario corporation, subject to your compliance with the terms and conditions set forth below.

 Your use of any web-page in the Websites constitutes your binding acceptance of these Terms, including any modifications that we make.
The Website is for informational purposes only and is not intended to provide any financial, legal, or investment advice.
If you do not agree with any of the below Terms of Use, please do not use this Website.

 These Terms of Use apply to all visitors of this Website, including our registered users, resellers and distributors of R-TT products and Services.

 We have the right, but not the obligation, to take any of the following actions in our sole discretion at any time and for any reason without giving you any prior notice:


Restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to all or any part of our Services except any Service provided in accordance with the software EULA for the registered users of our software products;
Change, suspend, or discontinue all or any part of our Services except any Service provided in accordance with the software EULA for the registered users of our software products;
Refuse, ignore, move, or remove any material that you submit to our sites for any reason;
Refuse, move, or remove any content that is available on our sites;
Deactivate or delete your accounts and all related information and files in your account, except information related to ordered and paid software products and/or services;
Establish general practices and limits concerning use of our sites.

 If we request registration information from you, you will provide us with true, accurate, current, and complete information.
You will promptly update your registration to keep it accurate, current, and complete.
If we issue you a password, you may not reveal it to anyone else.
You may not use anyone else's password.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your accounts and passwords.
You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your passwords or accounts or any other breach of security.
You also agree to exit from your accounts at the end of each session.
We will not be responsible for any loss or damage that may result if you fail to comply with these requirements.

 The technology and the software underlying our sites and the Services is the property of R-TT, our affiliates, and our partners.
You agree not to copy, modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, assign, distribute, reverse engineer, grant a security interest in, or otherwise transfer any right to the technology or software underlying our sites or the Services.
You agree not to modify the software underlying our sites in any manner or form or to use modified versions of such software, including (without limitation) for the purpose of obtaining unauthorized access to our sites.

 Without limiting the foregoing, you agree that you will not use our sites to take any of the following actions:


Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten, or otherwise violate the legal right of others;
Publish, post, upload, e-mail, distribute, or disseminate (collectively, "Transmit") any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent, or unlawful content;
Transmit files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage or adversely affect the operation of another person's computer, websites, any software or hardware, or another equipment;
Transmit surveys, contests, pyramid schemes, spam, unsolicited advertising or promotional materials, or chain letters;
Download any file that you know or reasonably should know cannot be legally obtained in such manner;
Falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or the source of software or other material;
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying any public area within our Website;
Interfere with or disrupt our Website;
Forge headers or manipulate identifiers or other data in order to disguise the origin of any content transmitted through our sites or to manipulate your presence on our Website;
Take any action that imposes an unreasonably or disproportionately large load on our server/equipment;
Engage in any illegal activities.

 You agree to use our forums, communities and/or message or communication facilities (collectively, the "Forums") only to send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to that particular Forum.

 If you choose a username that, in our sole discretion, is obscene, indecent, abusive or that might otherwise subject us to public disparagement or scorn, we reserve the right, without prior notice to you, to automatically change your username, delete your posts from our sites, deny you access to the Website, or any combination of these options.

 Unauthorized access to our Website is a breach of these Terms and a violation of the law.
You agree not to access our sites by any means other than through the interface that is provided by R-TT for use in accessing our sites.
You agree not to use any automated means, including, without limitation, agents, robots, scripts, or spiders, to access, monitor, or copy any part of our sites, except those automated means that we have approved in advance and in writing.

 Use of our sites is subject to existing laws and legal process.
Nothing contained in these Terms shall limit our right to comply with governmental, court, and law-enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of our sites.


Disclaimer of Warranties

 YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
INFORMATION AND PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED BY R-TT AND THIRD PARTIES THROUGH THIS WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR OR IMPLIED PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES IN CERTAIN TYPES OF AGREEMENTS, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

 This website may contain downloadable materials developed by a third party as well as links to external sites.
R-TT is not responsible for, and has no control over, the content of such downloadable materials or external sites.
You understand that R-TT cannot and does not guarantee or warrant that files or software of any kind, or from any source, available for downloading through this website, will be free of infection or viruses, worms, Trojan Horses or other code or defects that manifest contaminating or destructive properties.


Restriction of Liability

 R-TT will not be liable for any damages or injury caused by, including but not limited to, any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation of transmission, computer virus, or line failure.
R-TT will not be liable for any damages or injury, including but not limited to, special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials in this site, even if there is negligence of R-TT or an authorized R-TT representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages, or both.
The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you to the extent that applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages.
R-TT total liability to you for all losses, damages, and causes of action (in contract, tort (including without limitation, negligence), or otherwise) will not be greater than the amount you paid to access this site.


Indemnification

 You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless R-TT, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, suppliers and any third party providers of information or services to the Website from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these Terms.


Confidentiality and Privacy

 All of the information that we collect from you, such as registration and credit card information, is subject to our privacy policy.
Please click here to see our full privacy policy.


Copyright Notice

 Except as otherwise provided, R-TT owns all content contained in this Website, including without limitation the information, materials, text, graphics, Website design, and the selection, assembly and arrangement thereof (collectively, the "Content").
The Content is protected by copyright and other laws of Canada and other countries and may not be used for any commercial purpose or copied, distributed, displayed, modified, reproduced, performed, published, posted or reverse engineered in whole or in part without the prior written permission of R-TT.


Miscellaneous

 These Terms shall be governed by laws of the Province of Ontario and the laws of Canada, notwithstanding any principles of conflicts of law.
If any provision of the Terms shall be considered unlawful, void or otherwise unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and not affect the validity and enforceability of any other provisions.

