
         Terms of Use By r00t4bl3 
Jul 1, 2019  This Terms of Use, together with the Privacy Policy posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website.
 Welcome to r00t4bl3 Terms By accessing the website at https://r00t4bl3.com, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws.
If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site.
The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law. Use License 
 Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on r00t4bl3.com's website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only.
This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not: 
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on r00t4bl3.com's website;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials.
or
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.


This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by r00t4bl3.com at any time.
Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
 Cookies We employ the use of cookies.
By using r00t4bl3's website you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with r00t4bl3's privacy policy.
Most of the modern day interactive web sites use cookies to enable us to retrieve user details for each visit.
Cookies are used in some areas of our site to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people visiting.
Some of our affiliate / advertising partners may also use cookies. User Comments 
This Agreement shall begin on the date hereof.
Certain parts of this website offer the opportunity for users to post and exchange opinions, information, material and data ('Comments') in areas of the website.
r00t4bl3 does not screen, edit, publish or review Comments prior to their appearance on the website and Comments do not reflect the views or opinions of r00t4bl3, its agents or affiliates.
Comments reflect the view and opinion of the person who posts such view or opinion.
To the extent permitted by applicable laws r00t4bl3 shall not be responsible or liable for the Comments or for any loss cost, liability, damages or expenses caused and or suffered as a result of any use of and/or posting of and/or appearance of the Comments on this website.

r00t4bl3 reserves the right to monitor all Comments and to remove any Comments which it considers in its absolute discretion to be inappropriate, offensive or otherwise in breach of these Terms and Conditions.

You warrant and represent that: 
You are entitled to post the Comments on our website and have all necessary licenses and consents to do so.

The Comments do not infringe any intellectual property right, including without limitation copyright, patent or trademark, or other proprietary right of any third party.

The Comments do not contain any defamatory, libelous, offensive, indecent or otherwise unlawful material or material which is an invasion of privacy 
The Comments will not be used to solicit or promote business or custom or present commercial activities or unlawful activity.



You hereby grant to r00t4bl3 a non-exclusive royalty-free license to use, reproduce, edit and authorize others to use, reproduce and edit any of your Comments in any and all forms, formats or media.

 Disclaimer 
The materials on r00t4bl3.com's website are provided on an 'as is' basis.
r00t4bl3.com makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
Further, r00t4bl3.com does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
 Limitations In no event shall r00t4bl3.com or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on r00t4bl3.com's website, even if r00t4bl3.com or a r00t4bl3.com authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage.
Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you. Accuracy of materials The materials appearing on r00t4bl3.com's website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors.
r00t4bl3.com does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current.
r00t4bl3.com may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice.
However r00t4bl3.com does not make any commitment to update the materials. Links r00t4bl3.com has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site.
The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by r00t4bl3.com of the site.
Use of any such linked website is at the user's own risk. Modifications r00t4bl3.com may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice.
By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service. Removal of links from our website If you find any link on our Web site or any linked web site objectionable for any reason, you may contact us about this.
We will consider requests to remove links but will have no obligation to do so or to respond directly to you.
Whilst we endeavour to ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy.
nor do we commit to ensuring that the website remains available or that the material on the website is kept up to date.
