
         Referral Program Terms These Referral Program Terms apply to the Rakuten Refer-A-Friend Program described on https://www.rakuten.com/referral/default.do (“Referral Program”).
Ebates Performance Marketing, Inc.
dba Rakuten Rewards (“Company” or “we” or “us”) offers the Referral Program to our members who are interested in referring friends and/or family to sign up and shop through www.rakuten.com.
These Referral Program Terms govern the participation by members who refer (“Referrers”) and the individuals who are referred (“Referees”) by the Referrers.
1.
General
This Referral Program is only open to individuals located in the United States and Canada.
These Referral Program Terms are in addition to any agreements between you and Company, including our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy (collectively, the “General Terms and Conditions”), which you agreed to when you signed up for an account.
The General Terms and Conditions are hereby incorporated by reference and shall apply to your participation in the Referral Program.
2.
Qualified Referrals
A Qualified Referral must:

Be a natural person (i.e., no businesses, legal entities or pets) located in the United States or Canada;
Be a new member to www.rakuten.com;
Sign up to become a member using your custom referral link or other methods supplied by us that allow for proper tracking of referrals;
Consent to and comply with the General Terms and Conditions;

Make a qualifying amount in purchases(subject to terms of promotion at the time that the invitation is sent) that earn Cash Back through www.rakuten.com within ninety (90) days from sign-up.

Be the individual who pays for the qualifying purchase on their Rakuten account.

3.
Referral Program Bonuses
Referrers may be eligible to earn a referral bonus for each Qualified Referral referred and Referees may be eligible for a sign up bonus when they become a Qualified Referral.
Both the Referrer and Referee must be located in the United States or Canada in order for anyone to be eligible for any bonuses.
The bonus amounts change from time to time, and will be set forth on our referral site (“Referral Site”).
The applicable bonus amounts are set to the value displayed on the Referral Site at the time the invitation was sent to the Referee to participate in the Referral Program.

4.
Representations
By participating in the Referral Program, (i) as a Referrer, you represent and warrant that you have a personal relationship with your Referee(s) or otherwise have the necessary consents to submit their information to the Referral Program.
and (ii) as a Referrer or Referee, you will comply with all applicable Company policies and terms, and any and all applicable laws, rules and regulations in your participation in the Referral Program.
5.
Restrictions
The following is a non-exhaustive list of activities that are not permitted and that will disqualify Referrers and Referees from earning Bonuses through the Referral Program: (i) self-referral.
(ii) making purchases on behalf of another or under a Rakuten account that is not yours.
(iii) creating fake accounts, blogs, web pages, profiles, websites, links or messages.
(iv) any bulk email distribution, submission or distribution to strangers, or any other promotion that would constitute or appear to constitute unsolicited commercial email or "spam".
(v) posting your referral link on any page that is not owned and controlled by you, including, but not limited to, any merchant, Facebook, or forum page.
(vi) bidding on any keywords containing “Ebates” or “Rakuten” or common misspellings thereof, including, but not limited to, Ebates.com and Rakuten.com.
(vii) placement of our logos or mention of our trademarks or tradenames in any ad text, extensions or banner ads.
(viii) paid advertising for the purpose of generating traffic directly to your referral link.
(ix) misleading or attempting to mislead anyone in connection with the Referral Program, including, but not limited to, misrepresenting your relationship with us or posing as our representative in an official capacity.
and (x) taking any action or making any content that is disparaging or defamatory to us.
Multiple accounts created with the same name, address, email address or other identifying feature may be flagged as fraudulent referrals.
6.
Reservation of Rights
We reserve the right to withhold, deny or cancel any Referral Bonuses and/or terminate your account if Company, in its sole discretion, deems any Referral Bonus as fraudulent, abusive, unethical, suspicious or otherwise inconsistent with these Referral Program Terms, the General Terms and Conditions or any other applicable law or regulation.
Our decisions are final.
7.
Termination
We reserve the right to suspend or terminate the Referral Program or to change these Referral Program Terms at any time and for any reason in our sole discretion.
Updated: 11/23/2020 Related Articles 
Refer-A-Friend Program FAQ
Cash Back Shopping Program Terms
How to Earn Cash Back?
Getting Your Rakuten Cash Back Payments
The Many Ways to Earn Cash Back With Rakuten
Company Overview
 Tools &amp.
Forms 
Missing Cash Back
Track My Big Fat Check
Help Signing In
Join Rakuten
How to Earn Cash Back
How It Works
 .

      