
         Credit Card Exclusions and Limitations As described in the Credit Card Addendum to the Rakuten Cash Back Shopping Program Terms, qualifying purchases made through Rakuten or Ebates with a Rakuten Cash Back Visa® Credit Card (the "Rakuten Credit Card") will earn 3% Cash Back (minus returns and adjustments) in addition to Cash Back earned on purchases for shopping through Rakuten or Ebates.
A “Qualifying” purchase is a purchase made through Rakuten, excluding Giftcardmall.com, Raise.com and Giftcards.com purchases.
Certain additional exclusions, which are described in more detail below, apply.
The list of exclusions below is not intended to be exhaustive.
We reserve the right to modify this list at any time.
In addition, to earn 3% Cash Back on your In-Store Cash Back purchases, you must link the In-Store Cash Back oﬀer to the Rakuten Credit Card connected to your Rakuten or Ebates account and pay with the linked Rakuten Credit Card.
Non-qualifying Rakuten or Ebates purchases and purchases with the Rakuten Credit Card everywhere else Visa credit cards are accepted will earn 1% Cash Back (minus returns and adjustments).

Certain Special Excluded Items

If a purchase on your Rakuten Credit Card comprises items for which Cash Back is available on www.ebates.com or www.rakuten.com as well as items for which no Cash Back is available, you will receive 3% Cash Back on the portion of your purchase attributable to the items for which Cash Back is available and 1% Cash Back on the remainder.
For example, Cash Back is available in rotating categories on Amazon.com.
If you purchase two products from Amazon.com with your Rakuten Credit Card and Cash Back is available for only one of the products, you will receive 3% Cash Back on the price of the product for which Cash Back is available and 1% Cash Back on the balance of your purchase.
Balance transfers, cash advances, ﬁnance charges and fees do not qualify for Cash Back. Related Articles 
Exclusions &amp.
Limitations
Terms &amp.
Conditions
Privacy Policy
How In-Store Cash Back Works
Your In-Store Cash Back Cards
My Wallet
 Tools &amp.
Forms 
Missing Cash Back
Track My Big Fat Check
Help Signing In
Join Rakuten
How to Earn Cash Back
How It Works
 .

      