
         American Express Membership Rewards® Card Members Terms Rakuten Terms
These terms incorporate the Terms and Conditions for the Rakuten cash back shopping program.
Membership Rewards® points at Rakuten are available to U.S.
American Express Card Members with a Card enrolled in the Membership Rewards® program (“Eligible Card Account”) only.
Card Members must be a Rakuten member and link their Membership Rewards® program account to their Rakuten account at rakuten.com/american-express.
Card Members must use an Eligible Card Account at checkout to earn Membership Rewards points in their Rakuten account.
Corporate Cards or accounts are not eligible to participate.
Once Card Members have linked their accounts they will accrue Membership Rewards® points in their Rakuten account instead of Cash Back for qualifying shopping activities determined by Rakuten.
All qualifying shopping trips completed prior to a Card Member linking his/her accounts including any accrued but unpaid Cash Back, will be paid in the payment method previously selected by the Card Member.
Rakuten typically will transfer accumulated Membership Rewards points from the Rakuten account to the Membership Rewards program account in accordance with Rakuten’s current payment schedule.
Rakuten reserves the right to modify the payment schedule at any time.
The minimum number of points that will be transferred is 500 Membership Rewards points.
Until points are transferred from the Rakuten account to the Membership Rewards program account, Rakuten in its sole discretion retains the right to make adjustments to the Rakuten account in accordance with the Terms and Conditions.
Points transferred from the Rakuten account will become available in the Membership Rewards program account within 8 to 12 weeks after receipt by American Express of the points information from Rakuten.
If American Express does not receive the points information from Rakuten, you will not receive the points.
Please note that points will not be made available by American Express if any Eligible Card Account is canceled or past due at the time of point fulfillment.
Card Members who opt out of earning Membership Rewards® points on Rakuten, will no longer be eligible to participate in this program and earn Membership Rewards® points in their Rakuten account.
Membership Rewards® Terms and Conditions, including those about forfeiting points, apply to Membership Rewards® points in the Rakuten account.
Visit www.membershiprewards.com/terms for more information.
Participating partners and available rewards are subject to change without notice.
The value of Membership Rewards points varies according to how a Card Member chooses to use them.
To learn more, go to www.membershiprewards.com/pointsinfo.
* To qualify for a Welcome Bonus, you must be a new member and make minimum qualifying purchases totaling at least twenty-five dollars ($25) within ninety (90) days of becoming a Member.
By becoming a member, you agree to our Terms &amp.
Conditions.
All trademarks are proprietary to Ebates Inc.
© 2020 Ebates Inc.
dba Rakuten All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy Related Articles 
Earning American Express Membership Rewards® Points on Rakuten
Getting Your American Express Membership Rewards® Points
Terms &amp.
Conditions
Privacy Policy
Privacy &amp.
Security
Exclusions &amp.
Limitations
 Tools &amp.
Forms 
Missing Cash Back
Track My Big Fat Check
Help Signing In
Join Rakuten
How to Earn Cash Back
How It Works
 .

      