
Rancho Coastal Humane Society has created this Privacy Policy to explain why we collect particular information and how we will protect your personal privacy within our Web site.
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the Web site located at the URL rchumanesociety.org.
In order to fully understand your rights we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use.
Rancho Coastal Humane Society reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy simply by posting such changes on our Site.
Any such change will be effective immediately upon posting.
Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, this Privacy Policy notifies you of:
1.
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected through the Site;
2.
Who collects such information;
3.
How such information is used;
4.
With whom your information may be shared;
5.
What choices you have regarding collection, use and distribution of your information;
6.
What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control;
7.
and, How you can correct any inaccuracies in your information.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to Rancho Coastal Humane Society by sending an email to info@rchumanesociety.org.
Please reference this Privacy Policy in your subject line.

What Information We Collect and How We Use That Information:
Our registration forms require users to give us contact information that may include name, email address, address, interests, and similar information.
We do not store sensitive information from our visitors, such as credit card numbers.
In order to protect your personal information, the Humane Society does not sell, rent, lend, exchange or in any other way share mailing, donor or constituent lists.&nbsp.
In addition, RCHS does not send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations.


Use of “Cookies”:
Our Site may use cookies to enhance your experience while using our Site.
Cookies are pieces of information that some Web sites transfer to the computer that is browsing that Web site and are used for record-keeping purposes at many Web sites.
Use of cookies makes Web-surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular Web site and to make sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly.
Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard.
Your browser is probably set to accept cookies.
However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies.
If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our Site will not function properly when you view them.

Security:
All credit card information provided to Rancho Coastal Humane Society is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption.
SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us.
We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our Site that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of Rancho Coastal Humane Society.
Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure.
While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.

Other Web Sites:
Our Site contains links to other Web sites.
Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another Web site for which Rancho Coastal Humane Society has no responsibility.
We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.

Contacting the Web Site:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, you can contact:
Rancho Coastal Humane Society
389 Requeza Street Encinitas, CA 92024
You can also send an email to: info@rchumanesociety.org

