

rateyourmusic.com Terms of Service




Please read the following agreement carefully.
You must accept the terms of this agreement in order to use rateyourmusic.com


Acceptance of Terms


rateyourmusic.com is provided free of charge to all users on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis.
We provide no warranty, including those regarding the availability, accuracy of information provided, ability to reliably retain personal information,
or operability of this web site.
By registering or using this service, you
agree to abide by these terms of service, as well as our privacy policy.


Member Conduct

 You understand that all material posted on this web site is the sole responsibility of the person
from whom such content originated.
rateyourmusic does not censor or correct material submitted (although
we reserve the right to do this in the future).
Therefore, you understand that you may be exposed to content that is objectionable, offensive, or indecent.
In addition, you may be exposed to information that is inaccurate.
rateyourmusic.com will not be responsible in any way for any content that is posted to this site, as
well as any harm, loss, or damage resulting from this content.


rateyourmusic does not attempt to claim copyright or ownership
of material that you submit, however, rateyourmusic claims a non-exclusive worldwide, royalty free, perpetual, non-revocable license to reproduce your material (Otherwise, we would not be able to display it to other users).
In addition, you agree to give other users the same license to reprint
or save your material for their personal use.


rateyourmusic reserves the right to refuse, move, or delete any content that is submitted by
users for any reason.


Unacceptable Conduct


rateyourmusic considers the following behavior to be unacceptable conduct, and may
terminate your account and/or remove all content submitted by you if you are engaged in the following activities:


uploading, posting, emailing or otherwise transmitting any content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, inciteful, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable.

harming minors in any way.

impersonating any person or entity, including, but not limited to, an rateyourmusic.com staff member, or falsely stating or otherwise misrepresenting your affiliation with a person or entity.

forging headers or otherwise manipulating identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any content transmitted through the service.

uploading, posting, emailing or otherwise transmitting any content that you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements).

uploading, posting, emailing or otherwise transmitting any content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, publicity or other proprietary right of any party.

uploading, posting, emailing or otherwise transmitting any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of such solicitation.

uploading, posting, emailing or otherwise transmitting any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment.

interfering with or disrupting the service or servers or networks connected to the service, or disobeying any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the service.

intentionally or unintentionally violating any applicable local, state, national or international law, including, but not limited to, regulations promulgated by the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission, any rules of any national or other securities exchange, including, without limitation, the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ, and any regulations having the force of law.

"stalking" or otherwise harassing another.

harvesting or otherwise collecting information about others, including email addresses, without their consent.

purposely making false contribution to our public databases in order to disrupt our service.


Note: you may not use any automated means to access rateyourmusic.com without our express permission.


Indemnification


You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless rateyourmusic from any loss, liability, claim, demand, damage, or expenses (including reasonable attorney's fees) asserted by any third party due to or arising from or in connection with: 

the content you upload, submit, post, or transmit through the service.

your use of the service.

your connection to the service.

your violation of the Terms of Service, or 
your violation of the rights of another.
rateyourmusic reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, which shall not excuse your indemnity obligations.


Modifications to this service


rateyourmusic.com reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the service (or any part thereof) with or without notice.
You agree that rateyourmusic.com shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification to or discontinuance of the service.


External Links


rateyourmusic or other users may provide links to other World Wide Web sites and resources.
You acknowledge and agree that rateyourmusic.com is not responsible for the availability of these outside resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible for any content, advertising, products or other material on or available from such sites or resources.
You further acknowledge and agree that rateyourmusic.com shall not be held responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any loss or damage caused or alleged to have been caused by use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such sites or resources.


Modification of Terms of Service


If the Terms of Service or Privacy Policy are changed, it will be noted on the front page of this web site.
By continuing
to use the service, you agree to changes made in the Terms of Service and/or Privacy Policy.


DMCA.
Claims of Copyright Infringement.

 Sonemic, Inc.
respects the intellectual property rights of others, and requires its users to do the same.
If you believe that your copyrighted work has been reproduced in a manner which constitutes copyright infringement, you may notify Sonemic's copyright agent in accordance with Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), by providing the following: 


Identification of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
Identification of the material that you claim is infringing and needs to be removed, including a description of where it is located on the Services so that the copyright agent can locate it;
Your address, telephone number, and, if available, e-mail address, so that the copyright agent may contact you about your complaint.
and
A signed statement that the above information is accurate.
that you have a good faith belief that the identified use of the material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
and, under penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf in this situation.


Notices of copyright infringement claims should be sent as follows:
By mail:
Sonemic, Inc.
1700 7th Ave, Ste 116 PMB 137
Seattle, WA 98101
Attention: Copyright Agent


Or by email: dmca-request@sonemic.com


Questions or Comments


Questions or comments concerning these terms of service can be sent here.


Certain pages on the site include content from YouTube.
Usage of this content is subject to the YouTube Terms of Service.




 × 
      