
        Privacy PolicyThis is the Privacy Policy of rawg.io (“RAWG”) operated by Behind the Games, UAB (“we”, “us”).
We are committed to protecting your privacy.
Please read this Privacy Policy to understand how we use your personal data (“information”) when you visit RAWG and use our services.What information we collectWe may collect, ourselves or through third parties, the following information about you:



Registration and contact information: We collect information about you when you register to use RAWG and otherwise provide contact information to us.
This may include full name, username, email address, profile picture, profile description, Steam account ID, PlayStation Network account ID, Xbox account ID.



Information you create while using RAWG: We collect the information you post or otherwise generate on RAWG, such as list of your games, reviews, game ratings, discussions, collections and comments.



Technical, usage and location information: We automatically collect information on how you interact with RAWG.
This may include registration referral, referrer URL, the features of the browser and the operating system, including the language used, the date of registration, the time of last log in and visit, cookies (more details) and other types of usage data (more object Object).
We may also collect location information automatically provided by your device.



Information from third-party platforms: We may collect from gaming platforms, including Steam, PlayStation Network, Xbox Live, public information about your list of video games, in-game achievements and, in case of Steam, also about the time spent in each game.
We may collect information when you interact with our content on third-party sites or platforms, such as social networks.
This may include information such as “Likes”, profile information gathered from social networks or the fact that you viewed or interacted with our content.



Other Information: We may collect other information from you that is not specifically listed here.
We may use any such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy or as otherwise permitted by you.



Payment information: we may collect your payment information for handling all the payments that occur within RAWG when you are choosing commercial plans for the usage of our API.
All the payments are processed via Stripe.


Unless specified otherwise, all information requested by RAWG is mandatory and failure to provide it may make it impossible for us to provide our services.
In cases where we specifically state that some information is not mandatory, you are free not to communicate it without consequences to the availability or the services.How we use your informationPurposes of processingWe may process your information for the following purposes:

to provide, facilitate and support the services we provide to you;
to perform our obligations under the Terms;
to manage your registered user account;
to communicate with you and respond to your requests;
to deliver marketing information;
to improve our services;
to provide you with a customised experience when you visit RAWG;
to secure our systems and applications;
to enforce our legal rights and comply with the law.
to handle all the payments for the usage of API.

We may also process your information for the purposes and via the services listed below:


User database management:
These services allow to build user profiles and track user activities through analytics features.
This information may also be matched with publicly available information about the user (such as social networks’ profiles).
These services may also be used as a medium for communications.


Intercom (Intercom Inc.).
Information collected: cookies, email address, usage data and various types of information as specified in Intercom privacy policy.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Privacy Shield participant.



Hosting and backend infrastructure:
These services host data and provide infrastructure that enable RAWG to run.
Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where your information is stored.



Amazon Web Services (Amazon Web Services, Inc.).
Information collected: various types of data as specified in the Amazon Web Services privacy policy.
Place of processing: Ireland – Privacy Policy – Privacy Shield participant.



OVH (OVH).
Information collected: various types of data as specified in the OVH privacy policy.
Place of processing: European Union (the “EU”) – Privacy Policy – GDPR Compliance.



Cloudflare (Cloudflare Inc.).
Information collected: various types of data as specified in the Cloudflare privacy policy.
Place of processing: United States and the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) – Privacy Policy – Privacy Shield participant – GDPR Compliance.




Analytics:
These services allow to monitor and analyse web traffic and keep track of user behavior.



Google Analytics (Google Inc.).
Utilises the information collected to track and examine the use of RAWG, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the collected information to contextualise and personalise the ads of its own advertising network.
Information collected: cookies and usage data – Opt Out.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Privacy Shield participant.



Facebook Ads conversion tracking (Facebook, Inc.).
Connects data from the Facebook advertising network with actions performed on RAWG.
Information collected: cookies and usage data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy - Privacy Shield participant.



Yandex.Metrika (Yandex).
Information collected: cookies and usage data.
Place of processing: EU or EEA – Privacy Policy – GDPR Compliance.




Heat mapping and session recording:
These services are used to display the areas of a page where users most frequently move the mouse or click to reveal the points of interest.
This makes it possible to monitor and analyse web traffic and keep track of user behavior.


Yandex.Metrika (Yandex).
Information collected: cookies and usage data.
Place of processing: EU or EEA countries – Privacy Policy – GDPR Compliance.



Remarketing and behavioral targeting:
These services allows us and our partners to optimise and serve advertising based on user’s past interaction with RAWG.
In addition to any opt out offered by any of these services, you may opt out of a third-party service’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.



AdWords Remarketing (Google Inc.).
Connects the activity of RAWG with the Adwords advertising network and the Doubleclick Cookie.
Information collected: cookies and usage data – Opt Out.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Privacy Shield participant.



Facebook Remarketing (Facebook, Inc.).
Connects the activity of RAWG with the Facebook advertising network.
Information collected: cookies and usage data – Opt Out.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Privacy Shield participant.



Twitter Remarketing (Twitter, Inc.).
Connects the activity of RAWG with the Twitter advertising network.
Information collected: cookies and usage data – Opt Out.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Privacy Shield participant.



Facebook Custom Audience (Facebook, Inc.).
Connects the activity of RAWG with the Facebook advertising network.
Information collected: cookies and email address – Opt Out.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Privacy Shield participant.



Twitter Tailored Audiences (Twitter, Inc.).
Connects the activity of RAWG with the Twitter advertising network.
Information collected: cookies and email address – Opt Out.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Privacy Shield participant.




Tag management:
These services help to manage the tags or scripts needed on RAWG in a centralised fashion.
This results in the users’ information flowing through these services, potentially resulting in the retention of this information.


Google Tag Manager (Google LLC).
Information collected: cookies and usage data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Privacy Shield participant.



Payments handling:
Stripe (Stripe, Inc., Stripe Payments Europe, Ltd.).
Information collected: payment information.
Places of processing: USA, Ireland - Privacy policy - Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs).


Youtube videos:
YouTube (Google LLC).
Privacy Policy – Privacy Shield participant.

Automated decision-makingWe may use your information for automated decision-making, including profiling (more details here).
We may also use your information to create and update user profiles.
This allows us to evaluate your choices, preferences and behaviour for the purposes outlined in the section Purposes of processing.
We may engage in this type of data processing only if it is necessary to enter into or perform an agreement with you, or on the basis of your explicit consent.
The rationale behind the automated decision-making is:

to enable or otherwise improve the decision-making process;
to grant all our users fair and unbiased treatment based on consistent and uniform criteria;
to reduce the potential harm derived from human error and personal bias, which may potentially lead to discrimination or imbalance in the treatment of users.

Users, whose information is processed as part of the automated decision-making, have the right:

to obtain an explanation about any decision taken as a result of automated decision-making and express their point of view regarding this decision;
to challenge a decision by asking us to reconsider it or take a new decision on a different basis;
to request and obtain human intervention on such processing;
to object to profiling activity.
How we share your informationWe may share your information with a third party only to the extend it is necessary to achieve the purposes outlined in the section Purposes of processing.
We may be allowed to retain your information for a longer period when you have given consent to such retention.
We may also retain your information if required to do so by law or upon an order of a state authority.How you can control your informationYou have the following rights in relation to the processing of your information:

to obtain confirmation as to whether or not we process your information, learn about certain aspects of such processing and obtain a copy of your information that we process;
to verify the accuracy of your information and ask us to update or correct it;
to withdraw consent where you have previously given your consent to the processing of your information;
to object to the processing of your information.
Where your information is processed for direct marketing purposes, you can object at any time to its processing for such marketing, which includes profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing;
to restrict, under certain circumstances, the processing of your information;
to obtain, under certain circumstances, the erasure of your information;
to receive, under certain circumstances, your information in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance;
to lodge a complaint before a competent data protection authority.

You can direct any requests related to the exercise of your rights to us at feedback@rawg.io.
We will process them free of charge and as early as possible, but always within one month.
RAWG may contain links to sites of thirds parties.
The information that you provide to such third parties is not subject to this Privacy Policy and its treatment is not in our control.
To learn how your information is collected and processed when you interact with third-party sites, please read their privacy policies.
Please note, that RAWG does not support “Do Not Track” requests.
To determine whether any of the third-party services we use honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe keep this Privacy Policy under regular review.
We strongly encourage you to check this page http://rawg.io/privacy_policy often, referring to the listed date of the last modification.
Effective Date: 25/05/2018
This Privacy Policy was prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations, including Articles 13 and 14 of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
This Privacy Policy was created with brevity and clarity in mind.
It does not provide exhaustive details of all aspects of how we collect and use your information.
We will be happy to give any further explanations you may need.
Please send your questions and comments to feedback@rawg.io.

Behind the Games, UAB
Jovaro g.
7-2, 03104 Vilnius, LietuvaDefinitions and legal references
Automated decision-making: A process by which a decision which produces legal effects concerning a user or similarly significantly affects him or her, is taken solely by technological means, without any human intervention.
Automated decisions are mostly based on algorithms subject to predefined criteria, which may also be provided by third parties.

Cookies: A piece of text entered into the memory of your browser by a website, allowing the website to store information on your device and later retrieve it.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.

Data controller: The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data.
Unless stated otherwise, for purposes of this Privacy Policy – Behind the Games, UAB.

Data processor: The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the data controller.

Data subject: The natural person to whom the personal data refers.
Unless stated otherwise, for purposes of this Privacy Policy – the individual using RAWG.

Legal bases for personal data processing: The grounds for lawful processing of personal data listed below.
Processing shall be lawful only if and to the extent that at least one of the following applies:

a.
the data subject has given consent to the processing of his or her personal data for one or more specific purposes;
b.
processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract;
c.
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the controller is subject;
d.
processing is necessary in order to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person;
e.
processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller;
f.
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data, in particular where the data subject is a child.


Personal data, personal information: Any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”).
an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.

Profiling: Any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse or predict aspects concerning that natural person's performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements.

Services: The services provided by RAWG, as described in the Terms.

Usage data: Information collected automatically through RAWG or third-party services employed in RAWG, which can include: IP addresses, URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilised to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system used, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page) and the details about the path followed with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system, browser and IT environment.2022 © RAWG, Behind The GamesAboutPrivacyTermsFeedbackdiscordtwitterfacebookData from Steam, PSN, Xbox Live, App Store, Google Play, GOG, Wikipedia, YouTube, Twitch, Reddit and Imgur.
      