
        AnmeldenSeite1/5Wird geladen…{"id": "1dJ4dKguCS_PVxcd0iuTyrFLgm3AUrtdL", "title": "Ready Player Me Privacy Policy 2021-01-19.pdf", "mimeType": "application\/pdf"}Seite 1 von 51

READY PLAYER ME PLATFORM PRIVACY POLICY

Effective from January 19, 2021

1.
SCOPE OF POLICY

1.1.
Wolfprint 3D OÜ (“We”, “Us” and “Our”) is committed to protecting and respecting

your privacy.
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) sets out the basis on which any

personal data We collect from you, or that you provide to Us, will be processed by

Us.
Please read the following carefully to understand Our views and practices

regarding your personal data and how We will treat it.

1.2.
This Privacy Policy applies to your use of the Ready Player Me platform (“Platform”)

and any of the services accessible through the Platform (“Services”), including the

creation of the Avatar (“Avatar”).

1.3.
Please take note that (depending on from where you access the Platform) the

Platform may be framed into one of Our partners’ web applications (“Partner” and

“Partner’s Application”).
This Privacy Policy applies only to your use of the Platform

but not to usage of any of the services provided by the Partner (or any other third

party) and not to usage of the Avatar outside the Platform.

1.4.
Please also bear in mind that this Privacy Policy applies only if We collect personal

data from you, i.e.
if you use your selfie for creating the Avatar or give Us your e-
mail address.
If you provide neither of those, We do not process your personal data

and therefore this Privacy Policy does not apply.

1.5.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date set forth above.
We have the right to

unilaterally make amendments to this Privacy Policy.
In such case the amended

Privacy Policy shall be uploaded and you will be notified of that once you launch the

Platform again.

2.
DATA CONTROLLER AND CONTACT INFORMATION

2.1.
For the purpose of clarity, the data controller is Wolfprint 3D OÜ registered at Pardi

tn 2d, Pärnu, Pärnu county, 80015, Estonia (registry code: 12583780).

2.2.
If you have any questions, requests or suggestions about processing your personal

data, feel free to write an email at support@wolf3d.io.

3.
WHY AND WHAT CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA IS PROCESSED

3.1.
We collect and process your personal data for the following purposes:

a) providing the Services to you via the Platform, which mainly means the creation

of your Avatar.

b) communicating and providing customer support to you in relation to providing

you the Services (which also includes communicating with you as a potential

user before providing any Services, if you have so requested).

c) improving the Platform and the Avatar generation quality.

d) providing you information about updates to the Platform and to uses of the

Avatar.
Seite 2 von 52

e) enforcing and defending Our legal rights.

f) complying with legal or regulatory obligations or requests.

3.2.
We may collect and process the following personal data:

a) information you give Us (“Submitted Information”): this is information

you give Us about you by filling in forms on the Platform, by corresponding with

Us (for example, by e-mail), and when you report a problem with the Platform

or the Services.
If you contact us, We will keep a record of that correspondence.

The information you give Us may include your name and e-mail.

b) information We gather via the Platform (“Gathered Information”): this

is visual information that is gathered via the forward-facing camera of your

device, if you use selfie for creating the Avatar.

c) information from the cookies (“Cookie Information”): this is information

We automatically gather via cookies which help to make the use of the Platform

as smooth as possible for you.

3.3.
We process the following data for the following purposes:

a) for purpose stated above in clause 3.1.a) – Submitted Information, Gathered

Information and Cookie Information.

b) for purpose state above in clause 3.1.b) – Submitted Information.

c) for purpose stated above in clause 3.1.c) – Gathered Information.

d) for purpose stated above in clauses 3.1.d) – only your e-mail.

e) for purpose stated above in clause 3.1.e) – any of the categories of personal

data listed above (determined case-by-case according to the legal right We are

entitled to execute).

f) for purpose stated above in clause 3.1.f) – any of the categories of personal

data listed above (determined case-by-case according to the legal or regulatory

obligation or request We are subject to).

3.4.
The provision of personal data by you is not a statutory nor contractual requirement

nor a requirement necessary to use the Services.
This means that you do not have

any obligation to give Us your personal data and you can use the Services without

giving Us any of your personal data.

4.
LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA

4.1.
We process your personal data because it is necessary for the fulfilment of a contract

concluded between you and Us for providing you the Services (see clauses 3.1.a) and

3.1.b)).
or for taking steps at your request prior to entering into a contract (see

clause 3.1.b)).
In such a case the legal basis for processing data is the contract

concluded between you and Us.
or you request prior to entering into a contract.

4.2.
We also process your personal data to improve the Platform and the Avatar

generation quality (see clause 3.1.c)).
In this case the legal ground for processing

your personal data is your prior consent.
If you do not give Us your consent We will

not process your personal data for that purpose.
You may at any time withdraw your
Seite 3 von 53

consent by sending a respective notice to Our e-mail at support@wolf3d.io.

Withdrawal of consent does not affect your right to use the Services and the

Platform.

4.3.
Furthermore, We process your personal data (i.e.
use your e-mail address) for

sending you information about updates to the Platform and to uses of the Avatar (see

clause 3.1.d)).
But We do it only in the case where you have voluntarily given Us

your e-mail address.
The legal basis for that is Our legitimate interest to keep you

the in loop of any advancements which the Platform may get (e.g.
new customization

options, etc.), any news about the Platform and any new use cases for the Avatar.

You always have the possibility to unsubscribe from such e-mails by clicking on a link

which is provided under each e-mail.
If you unsubscribe, We will no longer send you

such e-mails.

4.4.
We also process your personal data for enforcing and defending Our legal rights under

legitimate interest pursued by Us (see clause 3.1.e)).
It is Our legitimate interest to

enforce and defend Our legal rights as We see it necessary.

4.5.
Also, We process personal data for complying with legal or regulatory obligations or

requests (see clause 3.1.f)) as processing is necessary for compliance with the legal

obligations to which We are subject to.

5.
DISLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA

5.1.
We will not disclose your personal data to third parties except for the following cases:

a) Cloud-server service provider(s).
We transfer data to cloud servers where We

store all Our data, for example to Amazon servers in USA (Amazon Web

Services, Inc.).
The standard contractual clauses established by the European

Commission are applied to the transfer and processing of the personal data.

b) Other group members.
We have the right to disclose your personal information

to any member of Our group, which means Our subsidiaries and Our ultimate

holding company and its subsidiaries.
Such transfer will only be done if it is

necessary for the provision of the Services to You.

c) Asset transfer parties.
In the event that We sell or buy any business or assets,

in which case We will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or

buyer of such business or assets.
If Wolfprint 3D OÜ or substantially all of its

assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it

about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.

d) Legal authorities, institutions and other parties under law.
If We are under a

duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal

or regulatory obligation or request.
In order to:

i.
investigate potential breaches.
or

ii.
protect the rights, property or safety of Our customers, or others.
This

includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations

for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.

5.2.
Where We do share your information with third parties, We will require such third

parties to comply with this Privacy Policy and maintain appropriate security to protect

your information from unauthorised access or processing, unless We have no ability

to do so (for example, where We are sharing information with regulatory authorities

or courts).

6.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THIRD PARTIES
Ready Player Me Privacy Policy 2021-01-19.pdfReady Player Me Privacy Policy 2021-01-19.pdfÖffnenExtrahierenÖffnen mitAnmeldenDetailsKommentareAllgemeine InformationenTypPDFAbmessungenGröße106 KBDauerSpeicherortGeändert19.
Jan., 14:34Erstellt19.
Jan., 14:34Von mir geöffnetFreigabeberechtigungenBeschreibungKeine BeschreibungBerechtigung zum HerunterladenBetrachter dürfen die Datei herunterladen.KopierenKommentar hinzufügen"Ready Player Me Privacy Policy 2021-01-19.pdf" wird angezeigt.
      