
        AnmeldenSeite1/7Wird geladen…{"id": "1ER3gBvx1UwXMDiOaZk8akzPmO6LAFfTp", "title": "ReadyPlayerMe End-User Terms of Use 2021-01-19.pdf", "mimeType": "application\/pdf"}Seite 1 von 71

END-USER TERMS OF USE FOR READY PLAYER ME

Last amended on January 19, 2021

Wolf3D 3D OÜ, registry code: 12583780, registered at Pärnu, Pardi st 2d, 80015, the

Republic of Estonia (“Wolf3D”, “we”, “us” or “our”), is the owner and operator of the

Ready Player Me platform (“Platform”).

1.
ESSENCE OF THE PLATFORM AND SCOPE OF THE TERMS

1.1.
The Platform is an online tool that enables you (“User” or “you”) to create an avatar

based on a selfie of you or, if you wish, without a selfie (“Avatar”).

1.2.
The following terms of use (“Terms”) will apply exclusively to the current and future

contractual relationships between Wolf3D and you as regards to your use of the

Platform and any of the services, including creating the Avatar, accessible through

the Platform (“Services”).

1.3.
Please read these Terms carefully before you use our Services as they affect your

rights and liabilities and constitute an agreement between you and us.

1.4.
The Platform software is created, owned and operated by Wolf3D.

2.
PARTNER’S APPLICATION

2.1.
Please take note that (depending on from where you access the Platform) the

Platform may be framed into one of our partners’ web applications (“Partner” and

“Partner’s Application”).

2.2.
These Terms apply only to your use of the Services (and the Platform) as framed

but not to usage of any of the sites and services provided by the Partner or any

other third party.

3.
ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS

3.1.
It is essential that you thoroughly read, understand and accept the Terms as well

as the Privacy Policy of the Platform.

3.2.
By clicking “Take a photo!” or “Continue without a photo”, you confirm that you

have read the Terms, that you understand it and that you agree to be bound by it.

Bear in mind – the Terms are obligatory and legally binding to all Users.
If you do

not agree to these Terms, you may not use the Services (including the Platform) in

any manner.

3.3.
By accepting the Terms, you and Wolf3D enter into an agreement of unspecified

term under which you have the right to use the Services.
Policy for cancellation of

the Services and the agreement is provided in clause 16.1 of the Terms.

3.4.
After accepting the Terms you can always read them again at the Platform.

4.
STARTING TO USE THE SERVICES

4.1.
At least for now, you do not need to create an account to use the Services but this

may change in the future.

4.2.
Entering your e-mail address is not mandatory – but if you wish to get updates

about the Platform and to uses of the Avatar, you may provide it.
Seite 2 von 72

5.
CREATING AND MAKING THE AVATAR AVAILABLE

5.1.
In order to create an Avatar, you must:

a) choose the gender of the Avatar (the algorithms for the creation of Avatars

for sexes vary slightly).

b) either:

i.
take a photo of your face (selfie) using the forward facing camera of your

device (for that we request access to your device’s camera) with a neutral

facial expression and good lighting or choose an existing photo that meets

the same requirements.
Also, make sure that your hair (or anything else)

does not cover your face.
Remove you glasses if you are wearing them.

This photo is used as a basis for the Avatar.

or

ii.
continue without a photo in which case a standard Avatar is taken as the

basis.

c) customise the Avatar (e.g.
select hair style, colour, accessories, etc.).

5.2.
When customizing the Avatar we do not expect you to enter correct data about your

appearance because the Avatar is not meant to be an exact copy of you.
We hope

that you are creative and let your imagination run its course.

5.3.
Once the customization is finished by you, the Avatar data file is created on the

Platform.

5.4.
Where you are using the Platform via the Partner’s Application, you hereby give us

authorisation to make the Avatar available to the respective Partner so it can be

used in the Partner’s Application.

5.5.
You also have a possibility to copy the link for using the Avatar in other

environments and make the Avatar available therein.
The respective instructions

are given at the Platform and/or in those other environments.

5.6.
We keep the right to retain the created Avatar in our server.
However, we do not

have the obligation to retain it.
If you wish, you can view and customize your Avatar

later by visiting the Platform as long as you have not deleted the cookies sent by

the Platform to your device from creating the Avatar.
Once you delete these cookies,

you are not able to access your Avatar from the Platform.

6.
USING THE AVATAR

6.1.
Once the Avatar has been created you can use the Avatar in any environment where

it is made available, including in the Partner’s Application, to the extent that:

a) the Avatar is not used inappropriately or for any immoral, illegal, abusive or

harmful purpose at the sole discretion of Wolf3D – for example, it is prohibited

to use the Avatar for political reasons and/or in the adult entertainment

industry.

b) the reputation of Wolf3D nor the respective Partner’s is in any way harmed or

decreased.
and
Seite 3 von 73

c) other terms and conditions of these Terms have been fully complied with.

6.2.
You hereby agree that it is at our sole discretion to decide whether any use of the

Avatar complies with these Terms or not and in the latter case it is at our sole

discretion to request you or the respective Partner to stop the usage of the Avatar.

Upon receiving such request, you shall stop using the Avatar immediately.

7.
NOTIFICATIONS

7.1.
From time to time we may send you notifications via e-mail (if you have given us

your e-mail address) to inform you of updates and other important information.

7.2.
You can unsubscribe from such e-mails at any time.

8.
PAID FEATURES AND NO FEE

8.1.
We may in the future, at our sole discretion, introduce paid Avatar features or

customization assets, such as, but not limited to virtual clothing, accessories and

makeup for the use of which you must pay a fee for us (hereinafter: Paid

Features).

8.2.
The core Services, such as creation of Avatar are free of any fee payable by you to

us and at the time we have no intention of changing it.
However, we reserve the

right to do so in the future as we are entitled to amend the Terms (see clause 10

below).
In any case, the usage of the Avatar(s) already created by you shall be free

of any fees payable by you to us indefinitely.

9.
GENERAL RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS

9.1.
You are obligated to use the Services (and the Platform) only in accordance with

the Terms, law and good practice.

9.2.
If the Services provided by us are in breach of the Terms, you have the right to use

legal remedies provided by the law: (a) require performance of the obligation.
(b)

withhold performance of an obligation which is due from you.
(c) demand

compensation for damage.
(d) withdraw from or cancel the contract.
(e) reduce the

price.
(f) in the case of a delay in the performance of a monetary obligation, demand

payment of a penalty for late payment, unless otherwise provided by the Terms or

by the applicable law.

9.3.
Any complaint against us can be filed by e-mail to support@wolf3d.io.
Such

notification must include your name, contact information, date of submitting the

notification, description of the complaint and the content of the offered solution of

the complaint.

9.4.
You undertake not to:

a) use the Services for any purpose that is illegal or prohibited by these Terms,

law or good practice.

b) use the Services for any immoral, abusive, harmful or nefarious purpose –

e.g.
in a way that would cause damage to our software and/or hardware or in

a way that would interfere with Services production to other users.

c) not reverse engineer any of the Platform’s software.

d) use the Services in order to damage Wolf3D.

e) take or use any photos of another person without his or her permission.
ReadyPlayerMe End-User Terms of Use 2021-01-19.pdfReadyPlayerMe End-User Terms of Use 2021-01-19.pdfÖffnenExtrahierenÖffnen mitAnmeldenDetailsKommentareAllgemeine InformationenTypPDFAbmessungenGröße126 KBDauerSpeicherortGeändert19.
Jan., 14:35Erstellt19.
Jan., 14:34Von mir geöffnetFreigabeberechtigungenBeschreibungKeine BeschreibungBerechtigung zum HerunterladenBetrachter dürfen die Datei herunterladen.KopierenKommentar hinzufügen"ReadyPlayerMe End-User Terms of Use 2021-01-19.pdf" wird angezeigt.
      