
        You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.Privacy PolicyNational Digital Brands LLC, including our affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our”) , makes available the website located on the Internet at realdealsweeps.com (“Website”).About Our BusinessThe Website is a job search site that seeks to connect employers with potential employees (the “Services”).
We also collect personal data about you and utilize proprietary ad serving technology owned and operated by National Digital Brands LLC (the “Technology”) to generate and present targeted advertising relevant to you and related to our network of advertisers, partners, and affiliates (our “Partners”).
This Privacy Policy describes the kinds of information we collect about consumers on the Website and how we use and share that information.
Consumers from whom we collect information are sometimes referred to as “you” or “your”, as applicable.NAI MembershipWe are a member in good standing of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), an industry body committed to responsible data collection for digital advertising and establishing responsible business and data management practices and standards.
We are in compliance with the NAI’s Code of Conduct and you can learn more about the NAI by visiting http://networkadvertising.org.DAA AdherenceWe adhere to the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Principles and you can learn more about their practices by visiting http://digitaladvertisingalliance.org.Information CollectionWhen you sign up through the Website in order to use its Services, we require you to provide us with some Personal Data.
“Personal Data” is information that can specifically identify you.
Your provision of your Personal Data to us is completely voluntary.
We do not collect Personal Data unless you submit that information to us.
Categories of Personal Data we may collect include:
Identity Data: This includes name or other similar identifiers.
Contact Data: This includes address, e-mail address and telephone numbers.
Health Data: This includes your responses to health-related survey questions.
and/or Occupational Data: This includes your educational level, job history, whether you own a vehicle, and other related information that is either of interest to potential employers or necessary to deliver the Services to you.
Additionally, we may also collect certain other types of information that may be considered “Personal Data” in certain jurisdictions, including the European Union (“EU”), such as:
Technical Data: This includes internet protocol (IP) address, cookies, browser and device information, location data and your login data.
and/or Usage Data: This includes information about how you use the Website and Partner Sites and advertising we serve on those sites (including how many times you viewed the ad, clicked the ad etc.), to improve the Services and also mitigate fraudulent activities.
We collect Technical Data and Usage Data regarding your behavior and usage patterns on the Website and may receive certain similar information from our Partners.
We collect this type of information about you using cookies, web beacons, and other web tools (“Tools”).
We do not use these Tools to store any Personal Data.
We do not have access to or control the Tools used by third parties on the Website and this policy does not govern the use of Tools by these third parties.
Some of the Tools and the ways in which we use them are further described below:
To inform us if an advertisement has been served to the same computer before, and if so, when the advertisement was served.
These cookies are not used by us to build a profile of a user’s behavior nor are they used by us for the purposes of behavioral tracking or behavioral targeting.
To conduct research and identify fraud and malicious activity.
When you visit one of our Partner Sites, we may assign your computer one or more cookies which enable us and our Partners to deliver targeted advertisements.
This form of advertising is called “behavioral advertising” or “interest-based advertising”.
We believe that such advertising is helpful because you will see ads that are relevant to your interests.
However, if you would like to opt-out of these interest-based advertisements, please see the section titled “Opting out of interest-based advertising” below.
Unless you choose to provide it to us, the Technology does not collect any sensitive consumer information about you during the ad delivery process.
The Technology does not, for example, collect any social security numbers, insurance plan numbers, financial account numbers, precise real-time geographic location derived through location-based services, nor any specific information about your past, present, or potential future health or medical conditions or treatments, including genetic, genomic or family medical history.
Further, while the Technology does not deliver targeted ads based on precise medical conditions or treatments or market prescription drugs, we may generate and serve targeted ads for general health products that do not require a prescription.
Examples may include certain health categories like dietary supplements, fitness equipment, weight loss products, skin care products etc.
IF YOU ARE SITUATED IN THE EU, PLEASE SEE THE SECTION “ADDITIONAL EU DISCLOSURES” THAT PERTAIN TO THE COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE DATA AND PERSONAL DATA AND ADDITIONAL RIGHTS YOU HAVE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.Information Sharing and Selling Your Personal DataSubject to the section titled “Additional EU Disclosures”, Personal Data is generally only submitted by you in connection with your use the Services.
We use this Personal Data primarily to provide you the Services and to monetize the Website via our Partners, as described below:
Monetization: We will share it, which includes selling your Personal Data, with third parties such as advertising partners, ad networks, publishers, data providers and corporate affiliates in order to monetize traffic on the Website and ensure that we are able to provide the Services at no direct cost to you.
Internal Quality Assurance: We will use your Personal Data, Technical Data, and Usage Data to conduct internal analysis to perform and improve the Services and the Technology.
Profiling and Data Mining: We will combine data we collect about you with data we obtain from our Partners, ad networks, and/or other companies such as data providers, including corporate affiliates in order to create useful data sets we can sell to third parties and to provide you with the most relevant and useful job search results and accompanying advertisements when you use the Services.
Targeted Advertising: We will use Personal Data to infer your eligibility for interest-, geographic- and demographic-based advertising campaigns.
Personalized Advertising Results: We will use Personal Data, including Technical and Usage Data, for the following purposes related to personalized advertising: to present you with advertisements tailored to interests you have shown.
and/or to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before so as to avoid sending you duplicate advertisements.
Fraud Detection: We will use primarily Technical and Usage Data, but may also make use of Personal Data, to identify fraud and malicious activity on the Website.
Data Analytics: We will use your Personal Data, Technical Data, and Usage Data for the following purposes related to data analysis: to understand the patterns of people who see advertisements.
to provide insights and report back to our Partners, including statistical reporting in connection with the activity on a website or mobile application, optimization of location of ad placement, ad performance, reach and frequency metrics, billing, and logging ads served on a particular day to a particular website or application.
to evaluate the probability and nature of connections between devices.
and/or to create online advertising models through lookalike modeling or similar research methodologies.Third-Party SharingSubject to the section titled “Additional EU Disclosures”, we may share the information we collect about you with certain third parties in the following ways:
Third-Party Contractors and Legal Obligations: We will use business partners, operational service providers and subcontractors (“Service Providers”) to operate and provide the Services and to comply with legal and regulatory requirements.
For example, if you sign up for third-party email job alert services on the Website, we may share your personal data with certain Service Providers able to provide you such services.
As necessary under this Privacy Policy, our Service Providers are required to protect the information we provide them in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Data Aggregation and Selling to Third Parties: We may rent, sell, or share aggregated information and other information that is not Personal Data with third parties for multiple reasons, including to develop and deliver targeted advertising and to conduct general business analysis.
Information that we collect to create segments and profile information for the Services may be shared with our Partners.
We may combine information we collect with additional information collected from other sources.
Please note that this Privacy Policy does not cover any third party’s use or handling of your information once it is shared.
As Required by Law: We provide information to third parties for legal process (e.g., in response to a subpoena or civil or criminal investigative demand, court order, or a request from law enforcement or other government agency).
to establish or exercise our legal rights.
to defend against legal claims.
to protect the security and integrity of our assets and business operations.
or as otherwise required by law.
In addition, we may disclose your information when we believe it is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing.
to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of the Company, our Partners, our users, our employees, or others.
to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement.
or to enforce our Terms &amp.
Conditions or other agreements or policies.
Medicare Supplements: We provide information to some third parties who offer Medicare Supplement plans.
Such plans are not necessarily endorsed by the federal government.
Corporate Transactions: We may also provide information to third parties in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of our business, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.Limitations on Third-Party ActionsPlease be aware of the following limitations related to third parties:
Independent Third Parties: Although we exercise care in selecting our Service Providers and require them to protect information as mentioned above, they are independent third parties and we are not responsible for their privacy practices.
Ad Inferences: While we do not collect Personal Data about you when you view or interact with an ad, there is a possibility that the Technology and our Partners will make assumptions or infer things about you (or anyone using your devices or browsers) in order to display more relevant ads.
Please review our ‘Third-Party Practices’ for more information.Your ChoicesOpting out of interest-based advertisingAs noted above, the Technology uses cookies.
Your browser may give you the ability to adjust your settings to delete or disable cookies.
If you choose to disable cookies, you may not be able to use certain features on our Partner Sites you visit or take full advantage of the Technology.
You can also opt-out of receiving personalized ads from us and other third-party advertisers and ad networks who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”).
The NAI’s opt-out tool can be found herehttp://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
We comply with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising set forth by the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”).
Please note that if you use a different web browser, computer, clear, block, delete or restrict your cookies after opting out, you may need to repeat your choices.Data RetentionWe will only retain information relating to you for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for such information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the information, the purposes for which we process your information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Unless contrary to applicable laws, except with respect to information about our Partners with whom we have an ongoing relationship, our policy is to retain the non-aggregated information we collect for up to 24 months, after which the data is either anonymized or deleted from our systems.
And as permitted by law, we may continue to retain aggregated information.
In some circumstances, if you are an EU data subject, you can ask us to delete your Personal Data by sending us an e-mail to privacy@realdealsweeps.com.ChildrenThe Website is intended for an audience above the age of 18.
Neither the Website nor the Technology or advertising services are developed for, intended for, or directed at, children, and we do not knowingly collect information about children under the age of 13 (or such other age as may be restricted under local law).
If you believe your child has provided his or her information to us, please contact us at privacy@realdealsweeps.com.Additional EU DisclosuresWe are the data controller of all Personal Data collected through the Website.
If you are situated in the EU and have any complaints regarding these privacy practices, you have the right to make a complaint at any time to your local Supervisory Authority.
We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach your Supervisory Authority so please contact us in the first instance.
If you have a complaint, please contact us per the details listed in the section titled “Contact Us” below.
Below are the types of lawful basis that we will rely on to process your Personal Data:
Legitimate Interest: This includes the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience.
We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your Personal Data for our legitimate interests.
We do not use your Personal Data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us at privacy@realdealsweeps.com.
Performance of Contract: This includes processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation: This includes processing your Personal Data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject.
Consent: This includes where you have consented to a certain use of your Personal Data.
If we are relying on your consent to process your Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us at privacy@realdealsweeps.com.Modifications to this Privacy PolicyWe may edit, amend, modify, and update this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time, by posting updated text on or links to the Website.
When we make material changes to this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, we will notify you by posting a notice on the Website or providing a notice to you.
We display the effective date at the top of this Privacy Policy so that you will know when there has been a change in its effective date.
By using the Website or the Technology or any Partner Site using the Technology after the effective date, you will have agreed and be deemed to have agreed to comply with and be legally bound by the updated Privacy Policy.Cross-Border transfersThe Website and technology infrastructure are maintained in the United States.
If you are visiting the Website or Partner Sites from regions with laws governing data collection and use that differ from those in the United States, please note that you may be transferring your information to the United States and in other countries around the world.
You freely and specifically give your consent to export and use your information within the United States and in other countries as specified in this Privacy Policy.
You understand that Personal Data stored in the United States may be subject to lawful requests by the courts or law enforcement authorities in the United States.
If you are situated in the EU, whenever we transfer your Personal Data out of the EU, we ensure appropriate and suitable safeguards are used in such transfer.
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts including data processing agreements based on the EU/EEA Standard Contractual Clauses.Third-Party PracticesThis Privacy Policy applies solely to our privacy practices.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of our Partners, Service Providers or any third parties, even if our ads contain links to third-party websites and even if we have a business relationship with that third party.
Such third parties may place cookies, web beacons, and other similar tracking technologies to gather information around your use of our Services and/or to serve ads on our Services.
We encourage you to review the privacy statements of each and every website that you visit to be sure you understand the terms and conditions that apply to you from each of them.
We use Google Adsense to serve ads on our Services.
To understand Google’s data collection and processing practices, please review their privacy policy.Contact UsIf you have any questions relating to this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@realdealsweeps.com or mail us at:
Privacy OfficerNational Digital Brands LLC1000 N.
West Street, Suite 1200Wilmington, Delaware 19801

CA Consumers: Do Not Sell My Info |
Terms &amp.
Conditions |
 Privacy Policy |
 Official Rules |
 Support |
Unsubscribe

