

My Account
Posts
Comments
Aliases
Artists
Tags
Pools
Forum
Stats
Help
Rule 34


New topic
Help
You have mail Orangeshell 10/30/21 12:20PM Official TOS Thread By accessing the Realbooru website ("Site") you accept the following Terms of Service.
From that point onwards, Realbooru will treat your use of the Site as acceptance of the Terms.
 - The Site reserves the right to change these terms at any time. - If you are a minor, then you will not use the Site. - The Site is presented to you AS IS, without any warranty, express or implied.
You will not hold the Site or its staff members liable for damages caused by the use of the site. - The Site reserves the right to delete or modify your account, or any content you have posted to the site. - You will upload content that is of high quality. - You agree to not block, hide, assist others in, or circumvent the displaying of advertisements on the site.
This is a free archive site, and you are not helping it remain so. - You understand that there may be content on the Site that does not appeal to you or you feel is morally wrong. - You accept that the Site is not liable for any content that you may stumble upon. - You are using this site only for personal use.
 - You will not use any automated process to retrieve or index any portion of the site or site contents, with the exception of public search engines. The operators of the site are not entirely held to these terms.
Prohibited Content
In addition, you may not use the Site to upload any of the following:

Child Pornography:Any photograph or movie that depicts children in a sexual manner.
This includes nudity, explicit sex, implied sex, or sexually persuasive position.

Grotesque imagery:"Shock" porn or any digitally manipulated images depicting Feces, Greivous injury, Violence, or Murder are also not allowed.

Revenge Porn/Doxxing: Posting someone else's or Your own personal info like home/work/etc.
address and phone number watermarked or otherwise in the post.


Bestiality: Any photograph or movie that depicts humans having sex (either explicit or implied) with animals of any kind.

Watermarked: Any image where a person who is not the original copyright owner has placed a watermark on the image.

Screen captures: Screen captures are not allowed unless given exception due to work in compiling said screen shot.

Poorly compressed: Any image where compression artifacts are easily visible.
 quote | link Orangeshell 10/30/21 12:36PM Additional notes: Please note that while posting selfies are allowed, remember that Realbooru is not your personal image host.
Choose what you want others to see before you post it and frequently posting pictures of yourself then immediately Asking staff to delete the post shortly afterward along with Reposting said image later may lead to a permanent ban. This has happened so frequently that I Cannot stress it enough.
quote | link Title Body
1


Forum Index We ask you to agree to the usage of cookies according to our Cookie Policy.
Necessary cookies include user settings and (optional) membership and can NOT be deactivated, but will only be created if you use these services.
Non-necessary cookies include analytics which are used to improve our site.
Usage of entered data on the site and your rights to entered data is outlined in our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

Do you agree to the usage of cookies for analytical purposes? Accept 
 Decline 
      