
        You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.Terms Of Use (Website Terms &amp.
Conditions)Last Modified: January 28, 2020Acceptance of the Terms &amp.
ConditionsThese terms and conditions are entered into by and between You and realdealsweeps.com (“Company”, “we” or “us”).
The following terms and conditions, together with any documents they expressly incorporate by reference (collectively, these “Terms &amp.
Conditions”), govern your access to and use of realdealsweeps.com, including any content, functionality and services offered on or through realdealsweeps.com (the “Website”), whether as a guest or a registered user.
Please read the Terms &amp.
Conditions carefully before you start to use the Website.
By using the Website or by clicking to accept or agree to the Terms &amp.
Conditions when this option is made available to you, you accept and agree to be bound and abide by these Terms &amp.
Conditions and our Privacy Policy, incorporated herein by reference.
If you do not want to agree to these Terms &amp.
Conditions or the Privacy Policy, you must not access or use the Website.
This Website is offered and available to users who are 18 years of age or older, competent to enter into contracts, and authorized to provide us with all necessary information to perform any services you request from us.
By using this Website, you represent and warrant that you are of legal age to form a binding contract with the Company and meet all of the foregoing eligibility requirements.
If you do not meet all of these requirements, you must not access or use the Website.Changes to the Terms &amp.
ConditionsWe may revise and update these Terms &amp.
Conditions from time to time in our sole discretion.
All changes are effective immediately when we post them, and apply to all access to and use of the Website thereafter.
However, any changes to the dispute resolution provisions set forth in Governing Law and Jurisdiction will not apply to any disputes for which the parties have actual notice on or prior to the date the change is posted on the Website.
Your continued use of the Website following the posting of revised Terms &amp.
Conditions means that you accept and agree to the changes.
You are expected to check this page from time to time/frequently/each time you access this Website so you are aware of any changes, as they are binding on you.
Accessing the Website and Account Security We reserve the right to withdraw or amend this Website, and any service or material we provide on the Website, in our sole discretion without notice.
We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of the Website is unavailable at any time or for any period.
From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of the Website, or the entire Website, to users, including registered users.
You are responsible for:
Making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to the Website Ensuring that all persons who access the Website through your internet connection are aware of these Terms &amp.
Conditions and comply with them.
To access the Website or some of the resources it offers, you may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information.
It is a condition of your use of the Website that all the information you provide on the Website is correct, current and complete.
You agree that all information you provide to register with this Website or otherwise, including but not limited to through the use of any interactive features on the Website, is governed by our Privacy Policy, and you consent to all actions we take with respect to your information consistent with our Privacy Policy.
If you choose, or are provided with, a user name, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person or entity.
You also acknowledge that your account is personal to you and agree not to provide any other person with access to this Website or portions of it using your user name, password or other security information.
You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your user name or password or any other breach of security.
You also agree to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session.
You should use particular caution when accessing your account from a public or shared computer so that others are not able to view or record your password or other personal information.
We have the right to disable any user name, password or other identifier, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time if, in our opinion, you have violated any provision of these Terms &amp.
Conditions.Intellectual Property RightsThe Website and its entire contents, features and functionality (including but not limited to all information, software, text, displays, images, video and audio, and the design, selection and arrangement thereof), are owned by the Company, its licensors or other providers of such material and are protected by United States and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
These Terms &amp.
Conditions permit you to use the Website for your personal, non-commercial use only.
You must not reproduce, distribute, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, republish, download, store or transmit any of the material on our Website, except as follows:
Your computer may temporarily store copies of such materials in RAM incidental to your accessing and viewing those materials.
You may store files that are automatically cached by your Web browser for display enhancement purposes.
You may print or download one copy of a reasonable number of pages of the Website for your own personal, non-commercial use and not for further reproduction, publication or distribution.
If we provide desktop, mobile or other applications for download, you may download a single copy to your computer or mobile device solely for your own personal, non-commercial use, provided you agree to be bound by our end user license agreement for such applications.
and If we provide social media features with certain content, you may take such actions as are enabled by such features.
You must not:
Modify copies of any materials from this site.
Use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from the accompanying text.
or Delete or alter any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices from copies of materials from this site.
You must not access or use for any commercial purposes any part of the Website or any services or materials available through the Website.
If you print, copy, modify, download or otherwise use or provide any other person with access to any part of the Website in breach of the Terms &amp.
Conditions, your right to use the Website will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
No right, title or interest in or to the Website or any content on the Website is transferred to you, and all rights not expressly granted are reserved by the Company.
Any use of the Website not expressly permitted by these Terms &amp.
Conditions is a breach of these Terms &amp.
Conditions and may violate copyright, trademark and other laws.TrademarksThe Website’s domain, its logo, and all related names, logos, product and service names, designs and slogans are trademarks of the Company or its affiliates or licensors.
You must not use such marks without the prior written permission of the Company.
All other names, logos, product and service names, designs and slogans on this Website are the trademarks of their respective owners.
Prohibited Uses may use the Website only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms &amp.
Conditions.
You agree not to use the Website:
In any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local or international law or regulation (including, without limitation, any laws regarding the export of data or software to and from the US or other countries).
For the purpose of exploiting, harming or attempting to exploit or harm minors in any way by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable information or otherwise.
To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with the Content Standards set out in these Terms &amp.
Conditions.
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material, including any “junk mail”, “chain letter” or “spam” or any other similar solicitation.
To impersonate or attempt to impersonate the Company, a Company employee, another user or any other person or entity (including, without limitation, by using e-mail addresses or account names associated with any of the foregoing).
or To engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone’s use or enjoyment of the Website, or which, as determined by us, may harm the Company or users of the Website or expose them to liability.
Additionally, you agree not to:
Use the Website in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the site or interfere with any other party’s use of the Website, including their ability to engage in real time activities through the Website.
Use any robot, spider or other automatic device, process or means to access the Website for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the material on the Website.
Use any manual process to monitor or copy any of the material on the Website or for any other unauthorized purpose without our prior written consent.
Use any device, software or routine that interferes with the proper working of the Website.
Introduce any viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful.
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage or disrupt any parts of the Website, the server on which the Website is stored, or any server, computer or database connected to the Website.
Attack the Website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack.
or Otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Website.
User Contributions The Website may contain areas to add reviews of the services offered by our advertising partners and other interactive features (collectively, “Interactive Services”) that allow users to post, submit, publish, display or transmit to other users or other persons (hereinafter, “post”) content or materials (collectively, “User Contributions”) on or through the Website.
All User Contributions must comply with the Content Standards set out in these Terms &amp.
Conditions.
Any User Contribution you post to the site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary.
By providing any User Contribution on the Website, you grant us and our affiliates and service providers, and each of their and our respective licensees, successors and assigns the right to use, reproduce, modify, perform, display, distribute and otherwise disclose to third parties any such material for any purpose.
You represent and warrant that:
You own or control all rights in and to the User Contributions and have the right to grant the license granted above to us and our affiliates and service providers, and each of their and our respective licensees, successors and assigns.
and All of your User Contributions do and will comply with these Terms &amp.
Conditions.
You understand and acknowledge that you are responsible for any User Contributions you submit or contribute, and you, not the Company, have fully responsibility for such content, including its legality, reliability, accuracy and appropriateness.
We are not responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any User Contributions posted by you or any other user of the Website.
Monitoring and Enforcement.
Termination We have the right to:
Remove or refuse to post any User Contributions for any or no reason in our sole discretion.
Take any action with respect to any User Contribution that we deem necessary or appropriate in our sole discretion, including if we believe that such User Contribution violates the Terms &amp.
Conditions, including the Content Standards, infringes any intellectual property right or other right of any person or entity, threatens the personal safety of users of the Website or the public or could create liability for the Company.
Disclose your identity or other information about you to any third party who claims that material posted by you violates their rights, including their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy.
Take appropriate legal action, including without limitation, referral to law enforcement, for any illegal or unauthorized use of the Website.
and/or Terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the Website for any or no reason, including without limitation, any violation of these Terms &amp.
Conditions.
Without limiting the foregoing, we have the right to fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or other information of anyone posting any materials on or through the Website.
YOU WAIVE AND HOLD HARMLESS THE COMPANY AND ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSEES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY ANY OF THE FOREGOING PARTIES DURING OR AS A RESULT OF ITS INVESTIGATIONS AND FROM ANY ACTIONS TAKEN AS A CONSEQUENCE OF INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER SUCH PARTIES OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.
However, we cannot review all material before it is posted on the Website, and cannot ensure prompt removal of objectionable material after it has been posted.
Accordingly, we assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications or content provided by any user or third party.
We have no liability or responsibility to anyone for performance or nonperformance of the activities described in this section.
Content Standards These content standards (collectively, “Content Standards”) apply to any and all User Contributions and use of Interactive Services.
User Contributions must in their entirety comply with all applicable federal, state, local and international laws and regulations.
Without limiting the foregoing, User Contributions must not:
Contain any material which is defamatory, obscene, indecent, abusive, offensive, harassing, violent, hateful, inflammatory or otherwise objectionable.
Promote sexually explicit or pornographic material, violence, or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age.
Infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual property or other rights of any other person.
Violate the legal rights (including the rights of publicity and privacy) of others or contain any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable laws or regulations or that otherwise may be in conflict with these Terms &amp.
Conditions and our Privacy Policy.
Be likely to deceive any person.
Promote any illegal activity, or advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act.
Cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety or be likely to upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person.
Impersonate any person, or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or organization.
Involve commercial activities or sales, such as contests, sweepstakes and other sales promotions, barter or advertising.
or Give the impression that they emanate from or are endorsed by us or any other person or entity, if this is not the case.
Copyright Infringement If you believe that any User Contributions violate your copyright, please contact us at privacy@realdealsweeps.com for instructions on sending us a notice of copyright infringement.
It is the policy of the Company to terminate the user accounts of repeat infringers.Reliance on Information PostedThe information presented on or through the Website is made available solely for general information purposes.
We do not warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of this information.
Any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own risk.
We disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by you or any other visitor to the Website, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
This Website may include content provided by third parties, including materials provided by other users, bloggers and third-party licensors, syndicators, aggregators and/or reporting services.
All statements and/or opinions expressed in these materials, and all articles and responses to questions and other content, other than the content provided by the Company, are solely the opinions and the responsibility of the person or entity providing those materials.
These materials do not necessarily reflect the opinion of the Company.
We are not responsible, or liable to you or any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials provided by any third parties.Changes to the WebsiteWe may update the content on this Website from time to time, but its content is not necessarily complete or up-to-date.
Any of the material on the Website may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
Information About You and Your Visits to the Website All information we collect on this Website is subject to our Privacy Policy.
By using the Website, you consent to all actions taken by us with respect to your information in compliance with the Privacy Policy.Linking to the Website and Social Media FeaturesYou may link to our homepage or any sub-page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part without our express written consent.
This Website may provide certain social media features that enable you to:
Link from your own or certain third-party websites to certain content on this Website.
Send e-mails or other communications with certain content, or links to certain content, on this Website.
and/or Cause limited portions of content on this Website to be displayed or appear to be displayed on your own or certain third-party websites.
You may use these features solely as they are provided by us and otherwise in accordance with any additional terms and conditions we provide with respect to such features.
Subject to the foregoing, you must not:
Establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
Cause the Website or portions of it to be displayed, or appear to be displayed by, for example, framing, deep linking or in-line linking, on any other site.
Link to any part of the Website other than the homepage.
or Otherwise take any action with respect to the materials on this Website that is inconsistent with any other provision of these Terms &amp.
Conditions.
The website from which you are linking, or on which you make certain content accessible, must comply in all respects with the Content Standards set out in these Terms &amp.
Conditions.
You agree to cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized framing or linking immediately to cease.
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
We may disable all or any social media features and any links at any time without notice in our discretion.Links from the WebsiteIf the Website contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your convenience only.
This includes links contained in advertisements, including banner advertisements and sponsored links.
We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
If you decide to access any of the third-party websites linked to this Website, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such websites.Disclaimer of WarrantiesYou understand that we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading from the internet or the Website will be free of viruses or other destructive code.
You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular requirements for anti-virus protection and accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to our site for any reconstruction of any lost data.
WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY A DISTRIBUTED DENIAL-OF-SERVICE ATTACK, VIRUSES OR OTHER TECHNOLOGICALLY HARMFUL MATERIAL THAT MAY INFECT YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT, COMPUTER PROGRAMS, DATA OR OTHER PROPRIETARY MATERIAL DUE TO YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR TO YOUR DOWNLOADING OF ANY MATERIAL POSTED ON IT, OR ON ANY WEBSITE LINKED TO IT.
YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT AND ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
THE WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT AND ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
NEITHER THE COMPANY NOR ANY PERSON ASSOCIATED WITH THE COMPANY MAKES ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION WITH RESPECT TO THE COMPLETENESS, SECURITY, RELIABILITY, QUALITY, ACCURACY OR AVAILABILITY OF THE WEBSITE.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, NEITHER THE COMPANY NOR ANYONE ASSOCIATED WITH THE COMPANY REPRESENTS OR WARRANTS THAT THE WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, THAT OUR SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR THAT THE WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE WILL OTHERWISE MEET YOUR NEEDS OR EXPECTATIONS.
THE COMPANY HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY WARRANTIES WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.Limitation on LiabilityIN NO EVENT WILL THE COMPANY, ITS AFFILIATES OR THEIR LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS OR DIRECTORS BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE WEBSITE, ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO IT, ANY CONTENT ON THE WEBSITE OR SUCH OTHER WEBSITES OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR SUCH OTHER WEBSITES, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PERSONAL INJURY, PAIN AND SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA, AND WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE.
THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.IndemnificationYou agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its affiliates, licensors and service providers, and its and their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, suppliers, successors and assigns from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses or fees (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of or relating to your violation of these Terms &amp.
Conditions or your use of the Website, including, but not limited to, your User Contributions, any use of the Website’s content, services and products other than as expressly authorized in these Terms &amp.
Conditions or your use of any information obtained from the Website.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction All matters relating to the Website and these Terms &amp.
Conditions and any dispute or claim arising therefrom or related thereto (in each case, including non-contractual disputes or claims), shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of California without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of California or any other jurisdiction).
Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of, or related to, these Terms &amp.
Conditions or the Website shall be instituted exclusively in the federal courts of the United States or the courts of the State of California in each case located in the City of San Francisco although we retain the right to bring any suit, action or proceeding against you for breach of these Terms &amp.
Conditions in your jurisdiction of residence or any other relevant jurisdiction.
You waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over you by such courts and to venue in such courts.ArbitrationIf YOU have any dispute concerning any aspect of these Terms and Conditions, the Website, or any of our services, you agree to submit your dispute for resolution by arbitration before the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") applying law of the State of New York in the county where you live by filing a Demand for Arbitration.
The arbitrator will have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute including any claim that all or any part of these Terms and Conditions are unenforceable.
Opt-Out of Arbitration/Class Action Waiver.
The Terms &amp.
Conditions do not constitute a waiver of any of your rights and remedies to pursue a claim individually and not as a class action in binding arbitration as provided above.
This provision preventing you from bringing, joining or participating in class action lawsuits is an independent agreement.
You may opt-out of these Dispute Resolution Provisions by providing written notice of your decision within thirty (30) days of the date that you first register on the Website.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, VIA YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROVISIONS, YOU WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL, AS WELL AS YOUR RIGHT TO BRING, JOIN OR PARTICIPATE AS A PLAINTIFF OR A CLASS MEMBER IN A CLASS ACTION SUIT OR MULTI-PARTY ARBITRATION BROUGHT AGAINST US, ANY PERSON RELATED TO US OR A SERVICE PROVIDER USED BY US TO PROVIDE THE SERVICE.Waiver and SeverabilityNo waiver by the Company of any term or condition set forth in these Terms &amp.
Conditions shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and any failure of the Company to assert a right or provision under these Terms &amp.
Conditions shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
If any provision of these Terms &amp.
Conditions is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of the Terms &amp.
Conditions will continue in full force and effect.
Entire Agreement The Terms &amp.
Conditions and our Privacy Policy constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and the Company with respect to the Website and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to the Website.
Your Comments and Concerns This website is operated by National Digital Brands LLC.
located at 1000 N.
West Street, Suite 1200, Wilmington, Delaware 19801
All other feedback, comments, requests for technical support and other communications relating to the Website should be directed to: privacy@realdealsweeps.com.Do Not Sell My InfoThis Supplemental Privacy Notice for California Residents (the “Supplemental Notice”) applies only to residents of the State of California.
It supplements the information contained in the Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) of National Digital Brands, Inc., its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our”) found at realdealsweeps.com (the “Site”).
All capitalized terms not defined in this Supplemental Notice have the meanings assigned to them in the Privacy Policy and/or the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”).
Except as set forth in this Supplemental Notice, the terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy are unmodified and remain in full force and effect.
Types and Sources of Information Collected by the Site
The Site collects information (“Personal Information”) that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular device or person (“User”).
The categories of Personal Information include the following:
Category
Examples
Sources
A.
Identifiers
Name, postal address, email address, Internet Protocol address, telephone number, other similar identifiers
Directly from the user and/or indirectly from the user’s site activity
B.
Specific categories of Personal Information identified by statute
Education, employment, medical and health information
Directly from the user and/or indirectly from the user’s site activity
C.
Categories of information protected under California or federal law
Age, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex and related medical conditions
Directly from the user and/or indirectly from the user’s site activity
D.
Commercial information
Products or services purchased, obtained, or considered by the user, other purchasing data
Directly from the user and/or indirectly from the user’s site activity
E.
Internet / other network activity
Browse and search history, other information on the user’s interaction with the Site
Indirectly from the user’s site activityUse of Personal InformationExcept as otherwise set forth at the time we collect your Personal Information, we may use or disclose the above-listed types of Personal Information for one or more of the following business purposes (the “Purposes”):
To verify whether you are entitled to participate in a promotion To provide the product or service for which you expressly provide your Personal Information To provide responsive information that you request about our products or services To create and maintain an account on your behalf (should you expressly request that we do so) To determine amounts owed by advertisers and buyers of data To determine the number of visitors to the Site, and whether each such visitor is a repeat visitor To serve as proof of consent for email and/or telecommunications marketing To detect, protect against, and investigate fraud and other malicious activity, including unsolicited or undesired electronic messages (i.e., spam) To communicate with you about our and any third-party products and/or services that may be of interest to you, to better display and tailor information to you, and to respond to your inquires (e.g., opt out requests) To deliver and market relevant content to you and measure the effectiveness of such efforts.
To comply with the Site’s Terms of Service To improve and make enhancements to the Site, our products and/or services To the extent necessary to evaluate a proposed reorganization or dissolution of the Company and/or a sale of its assets To the extent necessary to respond to a feedback form, crash report, enhancement suggestion or other communication from you to us As necessary or appropriate to protect our rights, your rights, and/or the rights of our clients To respond to legal process including law enforcements requests, court orders, and applicable law Apart from Personal Information that you expressly provide, we will erase all Personal Information within six (6) months of its collection.
We will update this notice should we need to collect other types of Personal Information or use the Personal Information we do collect for materially different reasons.Sharing Personal InformationAbsent a request from you to the contrary, we may share your Personal Information with third parties for the Purposes.
Such third parties include our affiliates, our service providers, and other third parties with whom we share your Personal Information subject to your authorization.
Before doing so, we will execute an agreement with each such third party that (a) describes the Purposes, (b) requires the third party to keep the Personal Information confidential, and (c) prohibits use of the Personal Information for any purpose other than the Purposes, as you permit or as required to perform the third party’s services.
If any such third party wishes to share your Personal Information with anyone else, it is required to provide you with notice and an opportunity to opt-out.
To the extent we are aware that a User is less than sixteen (16) years of age, we will not share or sell that User’s Personal Information.Rights under California LawUsers that reside in California (“you(r)”) have certain rights under the CCPA.
This section describes those rights and explains how Users may exercise them.
A.
Opt-Out from the Sale of Your Information: You may choose to opt-out from the sale of your Personal Information to third parties, though that may affect your ability to interact with the Site and/or obtain requested products or services.
B.
Access to Your Information: You may request a copy of your information collected through the Site in the twelve (12) months preceding your request, including details about how your information is collected and used, such as:
The categories of Personal Information The sources of Personal information The purposes for which Personal Information was collected or sold (if at all) The categories of third parties with whom we have shared Personal Information If your Personal Information is sold or disclosed for a business purpose, two separate lists detailing (1) the categories of Personal Information sold and to whom (listed by category) and (2) the disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the categories of Personal Information obtained by each recipient (listed by category) C.
Deletion of Your Information: Subject to certain exceptions, you have the right to request that we delete your Personal Information.
Once we receive and confirm a verifiable request, we will delete (and direct third parties to delete) your Personal information, unless we need to maintain your Personal Information in order to:
Complete the transaction for which the Personal Information was collected, provide a good or service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between us and you Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity.
or prosecute those responsible for that activity Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act pursuant to Chapter 3.6 (commencing with Section 1546) of Title 12 of Part 2 of the Penal Code Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when our deletion of the Personal Information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, if you have provided informed consent Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with our business Comply with a legal obligation Otherwise use your Personal Information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the Personal Information.
D.
Exercising Your Rights: To exercise any of your rights, please submit a verifiable request as follows:
Clicking here Calling us at 1-833-809-6437 Emailing us at privacy@realdealsweeps.com A verifiable request must (1) include information that is sufficient for us to verify your identity, and (2) describe your request in sufficient detail.
It must only be made (1) by you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State to act on your behalf, and (2) twice within a 12-month period.
We will only use the information in a verifiable request to verify your identify and process your request (to the extent we are able).
You will not need to create an account to make a verifiable request.
We strive to respond to all verifiable requests within 45 days, though may take an additional 90 days to respond, in which case we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.Non-DiscriminationWe will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights.
Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
and/or Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Changes To This Supplemental Notice
We reserve the right to amend this Supplemental Notice in our discretion and at any time.
When we make changes to this Supplemental Notice, we will notify you by email or through a notice on the Site.Contact InformationIf you have any questions or comments about this Supplemental Notice and/or the Privacy Policy, you may contact us by:
Clicking hereCalling us at 1-833-809-6437Emailing us at privacy@realdealsweeps.com

CA Consumers: Do Not Sell My Info |
Terms &amp.
Conditions |
 Privacy Policy |
 Official Rules |
 Support |
Unsubscribe

