
Thanks for using ReasonUp.
Here we describe how Reason Cybersecurity Ltd.
collects, uses and handles your information when you use the ReasonUP website available at: https://www.reasonsecurity.com/small-business/reason-up/home (the "Website") and one of our Reason software editions (the "Software", and collectively, "Reason").
Your use of Reason is indicating that such updated terms and conditions are accepted and agreed by you.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the following terms and conditions ("TOS"), based on the edition you are using: Reason - https://www.reasonsecurity.com/small-business/reason-up/terms-of-use.
If you wish not to accept these terms and conditions or any update thereto, your only recourse is not to download or use the relevant Software and uninstall.
As we may make available certain content, software or services of third parties, it is clarified that such content, software and services are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
Any use or download of the Software by you, is indicating that you consent to our use of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.1.
What kind of information do we use and collect?
When using and accessing our Website, we may use and collect information of technical nature, including your IP address, activity log of your use of the Website and the Software, user agent, information about your browser and operating system, and if you chose to upload a file or URL for scanning, we will also collect such files and URLs.
In addition, when purchasing the Premium Edition of the Software, your email address and name, as provided by you, will be collected and will be used by us for payments and sending you messages about Reason, if applicable, and for advertising purposes, including for the purpose of creating an audience list of users who chose to purchase the Software.
If you wish to opt-out from the inclusion of your email in such audience list, please send us email to: support@reasonsecurity.com.
If you are located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, and Switzerland, the following provisions apply to you:
We act as a controller and process personal data as necessary for the performance of our contract with you.
Accordingly, we will process your personal data as necessary to operate our website, to reply to your queries.
We also process for marketing purposes on the basis of our legitimate interest.
Legal necessity - We may process your information for compliance with applicable legal obligations.


Data subject rights - Please note that you have the right to request from us access to and rectification or erasure of your personal data we process as controllers, or to restrict or to object to processing of your personal data in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR.
In order to submit a request for accessing and/or deleting your information, please follow the below instructions: Please send us an email to data_requests@reasonsecurity.com.
Following internal verification, you will receive a return email which will include a link to a data request page, where you are welcome to submit your request for accessing/deleting your personal data and it will be promptly address by our support team.
Please note that we will process your request subject to verification of your identity.
Complaint to supervisory authority - You also have the right to file a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority (e.g.
of your country or domicile) where we have not addressed your concerns.


We use technologies like cookies and pixel tags to provide, improve, protect and promote Reason and the Website.
For example, cookies help us with things like understanding how you are interacting with our Website, and improving them based on that information.
You can set your browser to not accept cookies, but this may limit your ability to use the Website.
Unless you disable the Software, it may access and/or collect certain data as specified below: (i) time and date of certain events related to the Software (such as launching and scanning, updating and uninstalling the Software), and the features of the Software you use the most.
In addition, we may collect, use and access the files and URLs you upload for scanning, the files and URLs it detects as threats and the files that were removed by the Software.
(ii) certain information of technical nature, such as, your IP Address, operating system, browser type and version, and all software installed on your computer, meta data on unknown files, and extensions and add-ons.
Further, if you chose to purchase the Premium Edition of the Software, we will combine your information with all the foregoing information.
We will store information collected from you as long as you are using our Software.
Once you delete our Software, please send an erasure request in accordance with the above procedure.
2.
How we share information?
If we have a good faith belief that disclosure is permitted by law or is reasonably required to: (i) comply with any law, regulation or legal requirement by any court or regulatory or governmental authority, or such other disclosures reasonable required to establish, protect, maintain or exercise our legal rights.
or (ii) enforce this Privacy Policy or any agreement between you and us.
In the event of an event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be transferred or sold.
Third Parties.
We may engage certain third parties in connection with maintenance, analysis, audit, payment and development services.
We may provide such third parties with your information.
The third parties we are currently engaging are:.
(i) Google Analytics to analysis and monitor our performance.
Google’s privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy.
(ii) Cleverbridge to process your payment if you choose to purchase our services.
Cleverbridge’s privacy policy is available at: https://store.reasonsecurity.com/1551/?scope=opprivacy&id=HxXbhhHD5m.
(iii) Amazon Web Services, Inc.
servers to process your information.
You can read about the measures taken by Amazon to protect the security of their servers and your information at: https://aws.amazon.com/security/.
(iv) Zendesk to provide you with support services.
Zendesk’s privacy policy is available at: https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/privacy-policy.
(v) Adoric’s privacy policy is available at https://adoric.com/privacy.
(vi) Mailchimp’s privacy policy is available at https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/.
(vii) Microsoft Advertising’s privacy policy is available at https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/.
(viii) Google Ads’s privacy policy is available at https://policies.google.com/privacy.
(ix) Facebook Ads’s privacy policy is available at https://www.facebook.com/about/basics/.
(x) Verizon Media Native’s privacy policy is available at https://www.verizonmedia.com/policies/us/en/verizonmedia/privacy/index.html;

Third Party Service Providers: We have partnered with a number of selected service providers, whose services and solutions complement, facilitate and enhance our own.
These include hosting and server co-location services, communications and content delivery networks (CDNs), data and cyber security services, billing and payment processing services, domain name registrars, fraud detection and prevention services, web analytics, e-mail distribution and monitoring services, session recording and remote access services, performance measurement, data optimization and marketing services, content providers, and our legal and financial advisors (collectively, “Third Party Service Provider(s)”).
We may share the following categories of Personal Information with Third Party Service Providers for a business purpose: 
online identifier, internet protocol address, state, country and city, external ID, Zip Code, Facebook Click ID or other similar identifiers;
commercial information, for example information regarding products or services purchased, obtained, or considered

Our corporate affiliates - from which we receive services, such as IT, security, storage, and other internal operations
If you are located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, and Switzerland, the following provisions apply to you: we will transfer your information to the United States based on the Standard Contractual Clauses.
If you wish to receive a copy of these clauses, please contact us through the below contact details.
3.
Information about childrenThis site is not intended for, or designed to attract, children.
We do not collect personally identifiable information from any person we actually know is an individual under the age of 13.
If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us at support@reasonsecurity.com.4.
About or advertising policiesWe utilize third party vendors such as Google to provide advertising on our site.
These vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits.
Further, cookies are set in order for us to provide our Service and ensure that it performs properly, to analyze our performance and marketing activities, and to personalize your experience.
Google's use of cookies enables them and their partners to serve ads to users based on their visit to our web site and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookies for interest-based advertising by visiting the ads preference manager.
You may also visit aboutads.info to opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies for interest based advertising.
Please note that we do not change our practices in response to a “Do Not Track” signal in the HTTP header from a browser or mobile application, however, most browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them.
You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser.5.
How can we modify this Privacy Policy?We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time, and will post the most current version on our website.
Accordingly, please visit this Privacy Policy regularly to check for any changes.6.
How can you contact us?If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy and/or our practices, please send an e-mail to support@reasonsecurity.com.
