
        Privacy Policy
Last updated: May 13, 2021
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
We do not use Your Personal data.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions.
The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:



Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to REDARM, Bangalore, India.



Cookies are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.



Country refers to: India



Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.



Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.



Service refers to the Website.



Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company.
It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.



Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).



Website refers to REDARM, accessible from redarm.tech



You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.


Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using Our Service, We will not ask You to provide Us with any personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You.
 Usage Data
Usage Data will not be collected automatically when using the Service. Tracking Technologies and Cookies
We will not use Cookies or similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Service. Use of Your Personal Data
The Company may not use Personal Data for any purpose.
We will not share Your personal information under any situations. Retention of Your Personal Data
The Company will not retain Your Personal Data. Links to Other Websites
If our Service contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us, and if You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site.
We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time.
We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

By email: privacy@redarm.tech

