
        
HIPAA Policy
Commitment to Your Privacy
This site is owned and operated by Arrowhead Health Centers.
Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us.
At Arrowhead Health Centers, we want to make your experience online satisfying and safe.
Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we feel you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information.
This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it.
Information Arrowhead Health Centers Gathers and Tracks
Information that users provide through optional, voluntary submissions.
These are voluntary submissions to send referrals, inquire about billing accounts, book an appointment or send other general contact questions/comments.
Information Arrowhead Health Centers gathers through aggregated tracking information derived mainly by tallying page views throughout our sites.
This information allows us to better tailor our content to readers’ needs.
Under no circumstances does Arrowhead Health Centers divulge any information about an individual user to a third party.
Arrowhead Health Centers Gathers User Information In The Following Processes:
Optional Voluntary Information-We offer the following contact forms, which require some type of voluntary submission of personal information by users:
Billing, Referral or other Contact Questions/Comments- Arrowhead Health Centers gathers the e-mail addresses, names, daytime phone number and question of users who voluntarily ask to contact us.
This is submitted to our staff via e-mail and is equivalent to sending an e-mail directly to Arrowhead Health Centers.
Book Appointment- Arrowhead Health Centers gathers basic personal information of users who voluntarily ask to contact us.
This is submitted to our staff via e-mail and is equivalent to sending an e-mail directly to Arrowhead Health Centers.
The results of some of the form fields also results in a customized form download page for the user.
Children
Consistent with the Federal Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental consent.
Usage Tracking
Arrowhead Health Centers tracks user traffic patterns throughout all of our sites.
However, we do not correlate this information with data about individual users.
Arrowhead Health Centers does break down overall usage statistics according to a user’s domain name, browser type, and MIME type by reading this information from the browser string (information contained in every user’s browser).
Use of Information
Arrowhead Health Centers uses any information voluntarily given by our sers for medical purposes only for that patient.
Sharing of the Information
Arrowhead Health Centers will not share information about individual users with any third party, except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the public.
Security
Arrowhead Health Centers operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems.
Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our customers.
Your Consent
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Arrowhead Health Centers.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
