
Your web browser (Firefox 54) is out of date. Update your browser for more security, speed and the best experience on this site.
Update browser Ignore 
 By using remove.bg you agree to the use of cookies.
You can find details on how we use cookies in our Privacy Policy.

 How to use 


 for Individuals 
 for Photographers 
 for Marketing 
 for Developers 
 for Ecommerce 
 for Media 
 for Car Dealerships 
 Tools &amp.
API 
 Pricing 
 Remove Background Login / Sign up Terms of Service 1.
Preamble
 1.1.
Kaleido AI GmbH (hereinafter referred to as the Operator) operates the website remove.bg, a web-based application for editing photos.
These Terms of Use apply to all users of the platform remove.bg (hereinafter: the User).
 2.
Rights of use
 2.1.
The User may use the platform which is accessible under remove.bg exclusively for non-commercial purposes.
This means that all results from the platform (hereinafter: the Platform) may only be used privately.
Use for (direct or indirect) commercial purposes is excluded.

 2.2.
The Operator has the right to restrict the use of the Platform without giving reasons or to block Users.

 2.3.
By giving consent, the User agrees that the Operator may store the User’s IP address to verify extensive use of the Platform.
 3.
Rights and obligations of the User  3.1.
The User undertakes to refrain from any actions that endanger the functionality or operation of the software.
In particular, the User is prohibited from carrying out any actions that scan or test weak points of the software, bypass security systems or access systems of the software or integrate malware into the software.

 3.2.
The User guarantees that he has all the necessary rights (such as copyright, ancillary copyright, industrial property rights, trademark rights) for processing the uploaded photos.
 4.
Warranty and liability  4.1.
Any warranty for the results of the software and its availability is excluded.
If, nevertheless, a warranty claim should exist, the warranty period is six months.

 4.2.
The Operator is not liable for the speed of the Software, its Availability, data loss or the correctness of the results.
In addition, the liability of the Operator is excluded unless the damage has been caused intentionally or through gross negligence.
This does not apply in cases of loss of life or damage to the health of a person.

 4.3.
The liability of the Operator is in any case limited to EUR 100.00.
 5.
Confidentiality and data protection  5.1.
All data protection information is available to the User at www.remove.bg/privacy.
 6.
Concluding provisions
 6.1.
Legal disputes arising from this Contract are governed exclusively by Austrian law.
Application of the UN Convention for the International Sale of Goods, the referral standards of the IPRG and the Regulation (EC) no.
593/2008 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 17, 2008 on the law applicable to contractual obligations (Rome I Regulation) is excluded.

 6.2.
The exclusive jurisdiction for disputes arising out of or in connection with this contract shall be the competent court in Vienna-Inner City, Austria.

 6.3.
Changes and/or additions to this Contract must be made in writing to be valid.
written form is also required for departure from this formal requirement.

 6.4.
Should individual provisions of this Contract be void, unenforceable and/or invalid, this shall not result in the invalidity, unenforceability and/or invalidity of the entire Contract.
In this case, the contracting parties undertake to agree on a provision which is as close as possible economically to the purpose pursued by the void, unenforceable and/or invalid provision to replace the void, unenforceable and/or invalid provision.

 6.5.
If these Terms of Service are presented by the Operator in a language other than German, the translation was prepared by an independent specialist translator certified to ISO 17100:2015 and proofread by at least one other specialist translator.
If, in the case of dispute, a court insists on a German-language contract text, then only the original German-language contract text shall be valid.
under no circumstances shall a retranslation of the translated version be used.
 Learn more 
 Individuals Photographers Marketing Developers Ecommerce Media Car Dealerships Enterprise Pricing Tools &amp.
API 
 API Documentation Photoshop Extension Windows / Mac / Linux Design Templates Support 
 Help &amp.
FAQs Contact us Refunds Platform Status Company 
 Blog Affiliate Program Video Background Removal NEW Careers About us 
 English 








 English 
 Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | General Terms and Conditions | Imprint  made with ♥ by 
 Copyright 2018-2020 Kaleido AI GmbH - All rights reserved.

 All trademarks, service marks, trade names, product names, logos and trade dress appearing on our website are the property of their respective owners.
Adobe, Creative Cloud and Photoshop are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe in the United States and/or other countries.
2c3e817eac2bc43eca848062cef2538fe408b946  Thanks for your feedback!  Want to help us improve? (optional) 



 Contribute this image &amp.
help us make remove.bg better 


 Teach the Artificial Intelligence 


 Get better results for similar images in the future 
 I agree to the Improvement Program Conditions.* Remember my decision for future images that I rate negatively Yes, contribute image Choose if you want us to use this image for quality improvements.
No, don't contribute Choose if you do NOT want us to use this image for quality improvements.
Your image will be used for future improvements of remove.bg. Close Your image will NOT be used for future improvements of remove.bg. Close × Choose Your Language English 中文 Português (Brasil) 日本語 한국어 Русский Français Deutsch 
      