
Please read this privacy policy carefully.
It applies to all interactions you have with Reveal’s web services and our application. Who We Are Itty Bitty Apps, Pty.
Ltd.
collects and uses your Personal Data in accordance with this privacy policy and in compliance with the applicable data protection laws.
This policy provides you with the necessary information regarding your rights and our obligations, and explains how, why and when we process your personal data.
Itty Bitty Apps, Pty.
Ltd, is a company registered in Victoria, Australia, and acts as the data controller when processing your data. Your Rights You have the right to access any Personal Data that we process about you and to request information about:

What personal data we hold about you;
Purposes of the processing;
The categories of personal data concerned;
The recipients to whom the personal data has been/will be disclosed;
How long we intend to store your personal data for;
If we did not collect the data directly from you, information about the source;
If you believe that we hold any incomplete or inaccurate data about you, you have the right to ask us to correct and/or complete the information and we will strive to do so as quickly as possible, unless there is a valid reason for not doing so, at which point you will be notified;
You also have the right to be forgotten of your personal data or to restrict processing (where applicable) in accordance with the data protection laws.
as well as to object to any direct marketing from us.

Accordingly, you have the right to request access to your data or to instruct us to remove data permanently from our systems by contacting us at privacyofficer@ittybittyapps.com.
Where applicable, you have the right to data portability of your information and the right to be informed about any automated decision-making we may use.
If we receive a request from you to exercise any of the above rights, we may ask you to verify your identity before acting on the request.
this is to ensure that your data is protected and kept secure. Confidentiality &amp.
Security All communications between your web browser and the Reveal website (https://revealapp.com/), as well as between our software products and our servers, is secured by strong SSL encryption.
Furthermore, access to Personal Data is restricted to employees directly involved in customer support and analytics, and will never be sold or shared. Things We Track The Reveal application has usage tracking built-in, that is sent to a Count.ly (https://count.ly) instance installed on one of our own servers, hosted with Amazon Web Services.
The data is anonymised - there is no way to use it to uniquely identify you, or your devices.
This tracking can be disabled within Reveal’s General preferences (uncheck the “Send anonymous usage information” checkbox).
The analytics information stored in Count.ly is kept indefinitely. Support Interactions When handling support requests from you, our support system, ZenDesk (https://www.zendesk.com), collects:

your email address
any information you provide voluntarily (such as crash logs or other diagnostic info)

This information is collected solely to help us to resolve your support inquiry.
We retain support emails indefinitely in order to:

have context from previous interactions which may help us answer your future questions more quickly
identify broad trends in support requests, which may help us identify and solve problems with our products

If you would like us to remove any support emails you have sent, please contact privacyofficer@ittybittyapps.com. Third Party Services Here’s a list of third party services that we use, who they are, what type of data they store and how long we expect to store data with them.
If available, we also include the ability to opt out: Amazon.com Amazon hosts our websites, and the virtual machine running our Count.ly instance. Data they store: Our static website resources, the database for our Count.ly analytics package Privacy policy: https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/ Storage time: Indefinitely. DevMate DevMate takes care of our license activations and software updates.
In releases of Reveal prior to version 22, DevMate also handled our crash reporting. Data they store: E-mail, owned licenses, trial/activated licenses, license activation history, anonymised software update statistics including:

Reveal build number (ie.
10107)
Operating system version (ie.
OS X 10.13.4)
Operating system locale (ie.
en-US, zn-Hans-CN, etc)
Device type (ie.
iMac 27” Mid ‘10)
Device RAM amount (ie.
16Gb)
Device CPU name/type (ie.
Intel® Core™ i5 CPU M 540 @ 2.53Ghz)
Device GPU (ie.
Radeon RX 580)
Request country (ie.
Argentina)
 Privacy policy: https://devmate.com/policy Storage time: Indefinitely. FastSpring FastSpring is our reseller and all purchases of Reveal are processed through FastSpring. Data they store: E-mail, purchase info &amp.
history of Reveal products. Privacy policy: http://www.fastspring.com/privacy.php Storage time: Indefinitely. Google Analytics We use Google Analytics to collect usage statistics on our websites.
We do not collect any sensitive or personal information via this service.
Please see the Google Analytics Privacy Policy for detailed information about what Google gathers and retains when you access our website. Microsoft App Center Microsoft App Center handles our in-app analytics and crash reporting features. Data they store: Anonymised analytics of application usage, as well as anonymised crash and exception reports submitted by users. Privacy policy: https://aka.ms/appcenterprivacy Storage time: 90 days. ZenDesk We use ZenDesk as our support system - when users email reveal-support@ittybittyapps.com, the messages are forwarded to ZenDesk which extracts the address and other contents from the e-mails you send to that address. Data they store: E-mail addresses, any interactions between us and you during support enquiries, and any files uploaded or attached voluntarily by you during that process. Privacy policy: https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/privacy-policy/ Storage time: Indefinitely. User Age Limits We do not collect information, of anyone under the age of 13 years.
If you believe that we have inadvertently collected information from a person under the age of 13, please contact us at the email address below and the information will be permanently deleted. Changes to this Privacy Policy We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time.
The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information and will always be at https://revealapp.com/privacy.
If we make changes that we believe will substantially alter your rights, we will notify you. Questions &amp.
Support We would love to hear from you.
Questions, concerns, and feedback about this policy are all things we’d love to talk to you about.
If you have suggestions for us, let us know at privacyofficer@ittybittyapps.com.
