
        CookiesWe've made some changes to our Cookies Policy which will be effective from 30 July 2020.United KingdomTable of ContentWhat are cookies and what do they do?How do we use cookies?What cookies do we use?What about Revolut Junior?Can I change my preferences?We'll let you know if we change what cookies we useWhat are cookies and what do they do?
Cookies are text files that are placed on websites on the internet.
Each cookie includes the name of the website and a unique ID.
We use cookies on this website.
Cookies track things like how long a visitor spends on our website and what visitors do on our website (which pages they visit and which buttons they click on, for example).
Cookies collect this information and share it with us, the website owner.
Cookies help us understand who uses our website and how we can improve it.
For instance, we can understand which pages of our website are most popular with certain kinds of visitors.
This allows us to understand what visitors like about our website and how we can make it more attractive for other visitors. How do we use cookies?
As we set out above, we use cookies on the Revolut website.
Cookies help us to understand how our users interact with our website.
Most of the cookies we use on our website are 'persistent' cookies.
This means that they remain on your device until you erase them or they expire.
The rest of these cookies are 'session' based which are more temporary in duration.
This means they will be erased when you close your internet browser.
We use the following types of cookies:

Necessary cookies

Necessary cookies are placed on our website by default.
You can turn off these cookies on your device if you don't want us to use necessary cookies but it might impact your ability to browse our website.
We need necessary cookies to help us to run our website, and to help us detect any problems with it.
For example, we use a cookie that tells us how busy the server is based on the number of visitors and that tells us if any users experience problems so that we can resolve the problems as soon as possible.
We also use cookies to remember our users while they are browsing our website, its pages, links and subdomains.
For example, we use necessary cookies to help recognise you and provide you with content as you browse the website.
We may also use a cookie that tracks your cookie privacy preferences so that we do not place analytics and advertising cookies, which we'll talk about below, if you don't want us to.
This particular type of cookie will remain on your device even after you've stopped browsing the website so we can make sure we comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.

Analytics and advertising cookies

These allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors to our website, and see how visitors browse our website, so we can understand how our website content is performing and improve it where necessary.
We use third party cookies for this purpose and we've explained in the table below the specific cookies we use.
Advertising and analytics cookies also allow us to see what pages, links and sub-domains visitors have visited so we can provide more relevant ads.
We may share this information with other organisations, such as Google, Facebook and LinkedIn, for the same purpose.
Please see the table below for more detail about which advertising and analytics cookies we use and why. What cookies do we use?
These are the advertising and analytics cookies we use on our website and the purposes for which we use them:
Cookie name
Purpose Bing Ads
Tells us how our ads on Bing are working and what kinds of users are interested in Revolut.
BounceX
A cookie that tracks when a user is about to leave the Revolut website.
It asks them to provide their email address so we can tell them a bit more about Revolut and our promotions.
Branch
Enables us to detect when a user has arrived on the Revolut website by clicking on a Revolut ad on another site or as a result of a referral or reward advertised on another site.
Facebook Ads
Tells us how our ads on Facebook are working and what kinds of users are interested in Revolut.
Lever
To record page views relating to careers, and inform us if someone applies for a job through the careers page of the Revolut website.
Google Ads
A cookie that shows us how effective our Revolut ad campaigns are by tracking how many users click through to our website from a particular ad, and the demographic of those users.
Google Analytics
Allows us to see how many users are on the Revolut website, which pages they are visiting and track how many visitors joined Revolut.
Google Optimise
Part of our testing platform to help us understand whether any changes we've made to Revolut website pages have been well received.
Google Tag Manager
This cookie controls other cookies on the website.
Intercom
Intercom is a tool that allows users to chat to Support through our website.
It uses a script with a visitor cookie associated with it.
LinkedIn Insight
Tells us how often people are clicking on our ads on LinkedIn and are taken to the jobs board on the Revolut website.
Twitter Ads
Tells us how our ads on Twitter are working and what kinds of users are interested in Revolut.
What about Revolut Junior?
We do not use advertising cookies on the Revolut Junior section of our website.
We recognise that many of the visitors to this section of our website will be children.
We do not want to track Revolut Junior users or send them direct marketing. Can I change my preferences?
Yes.
You can manage your cookies preferences by clicking on "Manage your cookie preferences" below.
You can also manage your cookie preferences through our pop-up cookie banner that appears when you first visit the website.
You can also manage your preferences by changing your browser settings on your device to refuse the use of all or some cookies.
However, if you block all cookies (including necessary cookies), you may not be able to use all or some parts of our website.
You may also find that you are shown information on our website that is less interesting to you.
Please note, other organisations, such as advertising networks, may also use cookies to track you across different websites.
We have no control over these cookies. We'll let you know if we change what cookies we use
If we change the cookies we use, we will update this Cookies Policy.
You always can find the latest version of this Policy on our website.Manage your cookie preferencesExplore the help centreFind answers to common questionsAsk our communityConnect with and get help from 12M+ Revolut usersRead our blogFollow the latest news and storiesGet help in the appAccess the Help section through your profile in the Revolut App
      