
         Privacy Policy 



Your privacy is very important to us! This Privacy Policy explains how the REVPHOLOOK ("www.revpholook.com", "we", "our website") collect and use personal information.
To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.

Effective date: February 20, 2019.
| Last update: February 20, 2019. 1.
Collection of personal information
When visiting and browsing our website, searching for the phone number via reverse phone lookup search form the IP address will be logged along with the dates and times of access.
This information is purely used to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement and gather broad demographic information for internal use.
Most importantly, any recorded IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
We do not collect any personally identifiable information about you (e.g., your name, address or email address) unless you provide it to us voluntarily (e.g., when posting a new comment or contacting us via email). 2.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics for gathering statistics about webpage usage and to understand website traffic only.
More information about how Google Analytics protect your privacy can be found HERE. 3.
Links to third party websites
We have included links on this website for your use and reference.
We are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites.
You should be aware that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own. 4.
Cookies
When visiting our website, we may store some information on your computer.
This information is stored in the form of a "Cookie" or similar standard file.
Cookies let us tailor our site or advertisements to better match your interests and preferences.
With most internet browsers, you have the option to erase cookie files and can also set preferences that allow you to block all cookies, or request your permission before creating a cookie.
Please refer to your browser's instructions to learn more about these functions on your browser.
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers).
However, we have no access to or control over these cookies. 5.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We take your privacy very seriously.
Your information is not distributed to any third party, without your consent.
If you create an account on this website, you can, at anytime, login and update your profile to change your information. 6.
Children under 18 years of age
Our website has no intention of collecting any personally identifiable information (e.g., name, address, telephone number, or email address) from individuals under eighteen (18) years of age.
Unless otherwise disclosed during collection, we will not provide any personally identifying information it knowingly receives from individuals under 18 to any third party for any purposes whatsoever.
Where appropriate, we will specifically instruct individuals under 18 not to submit such information on our web sites or advertisements without the consent of a parent or guardian.
If a child has provided us with personally identifiable information, a parent or guardian of that child should contact us if they would like this information deleted from our records.
We will use all reasonable efforts to delete the child's information from our existing files.
Parents are also encouraged to spend time online with their children to become familiar with the types of editorial content and interactive functionality available on the site.
Control tools are available from online services and software manufacturers to create a safe environment for kids. 7.
Notice to European Union users
Our website operations are located primarily in the United States.
If you provide information to us, the information will be transferred out of the European Union (EU) to the United States.
By providing personal information to us, you are consenting to its storage and use as described herein. 8.
FCRA disclaimer
Our website is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act, and does not assemble or evaluate information for the purpose of supplying consumer reports.
You understand that you may not use information provided by our website for any purpose under the FCRA, including to make determinations regarding an individual's eligibility for personal credit, insurance, employment, or for tenant screening. 9.
Disclaimer
ALL materials on our website are provided on an "as is" basis.
Our website makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
Further, we does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any websites linked to this website.
Content available through this website often represents the opinions and judgments of an information provider, website user, or other person or entity not connected with us.
We do not endorse, nor are we responsible for the accuracy or reliability of, any opinion, advice, or statement made by anyone other than an authorized REVPHOLOOK.com spokesperson. 9.
Comments &amp.
reports terms
By posting a comment or report on our website you are accepting the following terms of use:

Any content you post on this website is subject of moderation or deletion at our sole discretion.
By posting content on this website, you are granting us an irrevocable, free, lifelong license to use it at our discretion.
Posting harmful, abusive or spammy content on the website is strictly prohibited.
Your use of this website is at your own risk.
We assume no liability for any loss, injury, defamation or actions resulting from your use of the website.

The contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion.
