

 Rimol.com 
 Shop 
 Supporting local growers since 1994 Menu 
Greenhouses
Greenhouse Series
Design + Innovation
Why Rimol
Leasing Options
Rimol Store


Community
Customer Spotlight
Rimol Around America
Greenhouse Donations
Institutional Partnerships


Company
About Us
Leadership
News &amp.
Events


Learning Center
Dashboard
Blog
Videos
Common Applications
How To…
10 Easy Steps
FAQs


Customer Service
Request a Catalog
Construction Tips
Shipping Information
Tax Exemption
Instruction Manuals
Contact Us


Request A Quote
 ‍ Search Request a Quote  Search × Privacy Policy Rimol Greenhouse Systems, Inc.
is required by law to inform its clients of our policies regarding privacy of client information.
We have established policies and procedures concerning the collection, use and security of information that will help protect the privacy of our clients and visitors to our website.
We will collect certain personal information from website visitors, including their addresses, from forms visitors voluntarily submit.
This information is collected by Rimol Greenhouse Systems, Inc.
to enhance our ability to identify and serve our clients.
We will also collect and store certain information you provide in the course of responding to your email.
We will not intentionally disclose any details about our website visitors, including any business or personal information they might provide, to anyone outside of Rimol Greenhouse Systems, Inc.
without the visitor’s express permission, unless the disclosure is required by law, or is in compliance with legal process.
We do not sell client information to any third party, nor do we employ cookies or other means of active user tracking.
Our web server software passively collects anonymous, general information such as IP addresses, browser type, and time spent on different pages.
This information is used for internal marketing purposes only, with the primary benefit being the ability to customize our web pages to better fit the needs and expectations of our clients and website visitors. Mailing Address 
40 Londonderry TurnpikeHooksett, NH 03106 faqs Get Social 
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
 Quick Links 
Greenhouses
Learning Center
Customer Service
Privacy Policy
Tax Exemption
Careers
 Contact 
40 Londonderry TurnpikeHooksett, NH 03106
M - F 8AM - 2PM
(877) 746-6544

 Join Our Newsletter Sign up to receive tips, news and all things about growing. Email * Leave this field blank Submit Made in America 
© 2021 Rimol Greenhouse Systems.
All Rights Reserved.
Site by Altos

