

Ring Cookie Policy
Effective Date: October 15, 2020

Ring LLC and our subsidiaries (collectively, “Ring”, “we” or “our”) respect your concerns about privacy.
We obtain certain information by automated means, such as cookies, web server logs, web beacons, and other technologies (collectively “cookies”) when you visit, access, or use our websites, services, mobile sites or applications that link to this Cookie Policy (collectively the “Sites”).
This Cookie Policy explains how we use cookies, their purposes, and how you can control them.
Our use of Cookies may involve the processing of personal data.
For more information on our data protection practices, see our Privacy Notice here.

1.- WHAT ARE COOKIES?


A “cookie” is a text file that websites send to a visitor’s computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser.
A “web beacon”, also known as an Internet tag, pixel tag or clear GIF, links web pages to web servers and may be used to transmit information collected through Cookies back to a web server.


2.- WHAT INFORMATION DO WE OBTAIN THROUGH COOKIES?


The information we may obtain through cookies includes your device IP address, identifiers associated with your devices, types of devices connected to our services, web browser characteristics, device characteristics, language preferences, referring/exit pages, clickstream data, and dates and times of visits to Sites.


3.- COOKIES USED ON OUR SITES


Below is a description of the cookies that we use on our Sites.
You can see a list of the cookies and indicate your choices with respect to the use of cookies through the Cookie Preferences Manager and the Control Center (once you log into your account).
Please note that, depending on your selection, you may not be able to take full advantage of the Sites or our products and services.


● Web and App Analytics Cookies

We use Analytics Cookies to understand how users navigate and use our Sites.
For example, these cookies collect information on the pages they view, how long they stay on a page and whether the page is displayed correctly or whether errors occur.
Such cookies help us to improve the performance of our Sites in various ways, such as:
• Refining our Sites based on how customers use them;
• Optimizing the pages and features customers use the most;
• Testing different versions of pages and features to find the best solutions for customers;


● Advertising Cookies

We use Advertising Cookies to serve certain types of advertisements, including for products and services not available on Ring.com and for certain ads relevant to your interests.

Advertising Cookies may collect information on whether a user has reacted to an advertisement or visited another website or application.
Such cookies help us offer you content and provide targeted information that seems more relevant to your interests.
They also help us measure the effectiveness of our advertisements and control and limit the frequency of advertisements and other information being displayed to you.

In some circumstances, we work with third parties to provide certain services to our users such as additional features including the ability to see videos, use the live chat functions on our Sites, and connect to certain social networks.
These third parties use cookies to collect information on our Sites, including via plug-ins and widgets.
We use third-party cookies to serve you relevant advertisements for products and services.
We do not sell your personal information throughout this process.


● Essential Cookies

Essential Cookies are necessary to navigate our Sites and use its functions and thus cannot be disabled.
These cookies help us collect certain information, such as your session ID and other server information, which enables us to provide services such as authenticating users through security features like Two-Step Verification.
Essential Cookies will remain on your browser until you remove them, which may impact your ability to navigate our Site and use its functions.


4.- YOUR CHOICES


You can manage your data preferences using two built-in tools.
The Control Center manages your preferences when you’re logged into your Ring account, while the Cookie Preferences Manager controls your preferences when you’re browsing Ring.com websites when you are not logged in (e.g., e-commerce -- ring.com/products).
We will apply your cookie preferences to our Sites and the browser on which you made your choice.

Different cookies may be used between your logged in and/or logged out experiences.
If you disable a particular cookie in the Cookie Preferences Manager, but have enabled it in the Control Center, we will disable it for both logged-in and logged-out experiences.
But if you enable a particular cookie in the Cookie Preferences Manager and disable it in the Control Center, we will disable it throughout your logged-in experience but enable it in the logged-out experience because we are not able to verify the identity of your Ring account when you are logged out.

Alternatively, you can disable cookies from your web browser by selecting the appropriate settings.
Most web browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie, how to disable or remove existing cookies and when cookies will expire.
You can find out how to do this for your particular browser by clicking “help” on your browser’s menu or by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org.
For mobile devices, you can manage how your device and browser share certain device data by adjusting the privacy and security settings on your mobile device.
Please note, however, that without certain cookies, you may not be able to take full advantage of the Sites or our products or services.
For example, if you disable all essential cookies in your browser, you may not be able to add items to your shopping basket, proceed to checkout or use any our Sites that require login.
You may also need to manually adjust some of your preferences every time you visit one of our Sites.


5.- ADDITIONAL INFORMATION


For our European ring.com domains, there is a 13-month retention period for Analytics Cookies and Advertising Cookies on your browser, which starts once you opt-in to the cookies via the Cookie Preferences Manager.
If you opt out of such cookies via the Cookie Preferences Manager, then we will remove them from your browser and disable them until you change your preferences.


