
         Copyright Statement The statement that governs the content of the RIPE NCC website.
https://www.ripe.net/about-us/legal/copyright-statement https://www.ripe.net/logo.png Copyright Statement 
Copyright (c) 1992-2020 the Réseaux IP Européens Network Coordination Centre RIPE NCC.
All rights restricted.

The User acknowledges that any and all copyright, database rights, trade marks and other intellectual property rights subsisting in or used in connection with the RIPE NCC Materials are and shall remain the property of the RIPE NCC.
Except as explicitly provided herein or noted for specific RIPE NCC services, the RIPE NCC Materials may not be used, reproduced and made available to third parties without prior written authorisation from the RIPE NCC.
“RIPE NCC Materials” are any materials contained on any webpages whose domain name include the domain name ripe.net, including materials on the RIPE and LIR Portal sections of this website.
RIPE NCC Materials do not however include materials on this website that are written by third parties not employed or commissioned by the RIPE NCC (such as RIPE policy documents or mailing list contributions).
Any intellectual property rights in such materials may reside in that third party.
The RIPE NCC is not responsible for the content of any materials created or written by such third parties.
The RIPE NCC Materials may be used for private purposes, for public non-commercial purpose, for research, for educational or demonstration purposes, or if the materials in question specifically state that use of the material is permissible, and provided the RIPE NCC Materials are not modified and are properly identified as RIPE NCC documents.
Unless authorised by the RIPE NCC in writing, any use of the RIPE NCC Materials for advertising or marketing purposes is strictly forbidden and may be prosecuted.
The RIPE NCC should be notified of any such activities or suspicions thereof.
Please be advised that no copyrights originate with the RIPE community but instead with the creator of the material, whether that be the RIPE NCC or any other individual or organisation whose material appears on the RIPE NCC website or RIPE website.
Use of the RIPE Database is subject to the RIPE Database Terms and Conditions and RIPE Database Acceptable Use Policy Created: 31 Jan 2011 - Last updated: 03 Jan 2020 — legal 
      