
         RIPE NCC Website and Publicly Available RIPE NCC Services Terms of Service his document will stipulate the Terms of Service applicable to the use of the RIPE NCC website and to the publicly available RIPE NCC Services that are not subject to specific terms and conditions https://www.ripe.net/about-us/legal/terms-of-service https://www.ripe.net/logo.png RIPE NCC Website and Publicly Available RIPE NCC Services Terms of Service Introduction
This document will stipulate the Terms of Service applicable to the use of the RIPE NCC website and to the publicly available RIPE NCC Services that are not subject to specific terms and conditions.
The RIPE NCC Services that are exclusively provided to RIPE NCC Members are subject to separate terms and conditions and shall not be considered to be subject to these Terms of Service.
Article 1 Definitions
In these Terms of Service, the following shall be understood to have the meanings assigned to them below:

RIPE NCC - Réseaux IP Européens Network Coordination Centre, a membership association under Dutch law, with a registered office in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
RIPE community - RIPE (Réseaux IP Européens) is a collaborative forum open to all parties interested in wide area IP networks in Europe and beyond.
The objective of RIPE is to ensure the administrative and technical coordination necessary to enable the operation of a pan-European IP network.
The Website – All webpages hosted under the ripe.net domain and any sub-domains thereof.
API – Application Programmable Interface that allows the Users to directly interact with a Publicly Available RIPE NCC Service (or parts of it) as defined by the RIPE NCC.
Publicly Available RIPE NCC Services –The Services the RIPE NCC is providing and makes Available to Users via the Website, an API or any other set of protocols.
The services that are exclusively provided to RIPE NCC Members are not included in this term.
User(s) – Any person(s) accessing, querying, browsing, viewing, downloading or interacting either directly or through the intermediation of automated means, in any way with (part of) the Website or any of the Publicly Available RIPE NCC Services.
Registered User – A User that has registered itself for the Use of a Publicly Available RIPE NCC Service for which registration is required.
Use – Access, query, browse, view, download or interact either directly or through the intermediation of automated means, in any way with (part of) the Website or any of the Publicly Available RIPE NCC Services.
RIPE NCC Members – A natural person or legal entity that has entered into the RIPE NCC Standard Service Agreement with the RIPE NCC.

Article 2 General
2.1 These Terms of Service apply to the Use of the Website and of the Publicly Available RIPE NCC Services that are not subject to specific terms and conditions.
2.2 Specific Publicly Available RIPE NCC Services may be subject to additional terms and conditions or disclaimers.
In case there is a conflict between these Terms of Service and the additional terms and conditions or disclaimers, the additional terms and conditions or disclaimers will prevail over these Terms of Service with regards to this specific Publicly Available RIPE NCC Service.
2.3 By using the Website and/or any of the Publicly Available RIPE NCC Services, Users confirm that they have read, understood and agree to be bound by these Terms of Service.
2.4 These Terms of Service may be subject to change without prior notice and will be valid upon publication unless specifically indicated otherwise by the RIPE NCC.
By continuing to Use the Website or any of the Publicly Available RIPE NCC Services after any changes are made to these Terms of Service, Users confirm that they have read, understood and agree to be bound to these changes.
2.5 The Website (or parts of it) or the Publicly Available RIPE NCC Services may become unavailable or altered or available for RIPE NCC Members only.
No rights on the Use of the Website and of Publicly Available RIPE NCC Services can be assumed thereof.
Article 3 Use of the Website and the Publicly Available RIPE NCC Services
3.1 The Use of the Website and of the Publicly Available RIPE NCC Services is subject to and conditional upon the adherence to these Terms of Service, the RIPE NCC Privacy Statement, the RIPE NCC Copyright Statement and any additional terms and conditions or disclaimers that may be applicable in accordance with Article 2.2.
The RIPE NCC Privacy Statement and the RIPE NCC Copyright Statement, which may be revised and updated from time to time, form an integral part of these Terms of Service and apply fully to the Use of the Website and of the Publicly Available RIPE NCC Services.
3.2 The RIPE NCC is using cookies.
By continuing to Use the Website, the User confirms that they are aware of the cookies the RIPE NCC is using, and the purposes these cookies are used for, as described in the RIPE NCC Privacy Statement, and give their consent thereupon.
3.3 In order to Use certain Publicly Available RIPE NCC Services, a User may be required to provide information (such as contact details) as part of the registration process for a Publicly Available RIPE NCC Service, or as part of the continued Use of the Publicly Available RIPE NCC Service.
The User agrees that any registration information given will always be accurate, correct and up-to-date.
The RIPE NCC is permitted to rely on the fact that all details and any information given by the User are true, correct and up-to-date.
The RIPE NCC may contact the User to verify that the contact details are accurate, correct and up-to-date.
In any case, any personal data provided to the RIPE NCC is subject to RIPE NCC Privacy Statement.
3.4 The Use of the Website or of any of the Publicly Available RIPE NCC Services for advertising, direct marketing, and marketing research, is strictly forbidden unless with prior written permission of the RIPE NCC.
3.5 The Users shall not re-package, download, compile, re-distribute or re-Use any or all of the data contained on the Website or on any Publicly Available RIPE NCC Service, unless this is permitted as part of their Use of the Website or the particular Publicly Available RIPE NCC Service.
3.6 The Users may in no way change or add to the content on the Website or any of the Publicly Available RIPE NCC Services, unless it is facilitated and permitted for the purposes of the Website or any of the Publicly Available RIPE NCC Service.

3.7 Users shall not engage in any activity that interferes with or disrupts the Use of the Website or any of the Publicly Available RIPE NCC Services.
Article 4 Control of Use
4.1 The RIPE NCC may perform security checks and audits in order to determine unauthorised Use of the Website or any of the Publicly Available RIPE NCC Services and may restrict any unauthorised Use of the RIPE NCC Website or any of the Publicly Available RIPE NCC Services.
Unauthorised Use may be considered any Use in violation of these Terms of Service.
4.2 The RIPE NCC may moderate and remove comments made by Users on the Website or on any of the Publicly Available RIPE NCC Services.
4.3 The RIPE NCC may withdraw any of the Publicly Available RIPE NCC Services from a User at any time and is entitled, in its sole discretion, to terminate, suspend or restrict a User's Use of the Publicly Available RIPE NCC Services, particularly due to the User's failure to adhere to these Terms of Service.
4.4 The RIPE NCC may suspend or cancel the access, operation, availability or liability of the RIPE NCC Website and of the Publicly Available RIPE NCC Services to the User for technical, operational, maintenance purposes, upgrades, security fixes, deployment of new Services legal, security, anti-abuse, or any other reasons within the scope of managing the operations of the RIPE NCC Website or any of the Publicly Available RIPE NCC Services.
Article 5 Liability
5.1 The Website and the Publicly Available RIPE NCC Services will be available on a best effort basis and the RIPE NCC shall not be liable for damages resulting from the unavailability of the Website or any of the Publicly Available RIPE NCC Service, for instance when the Website or a Publicly Available RIPE NCC Service is not accessible or cannot be used.
5.2 The Use of the Website or any Publicly Available RIPE NCC Services is at the Users' own risk.
The RIPE NCC will not be liable for any inaccuracies.
The Users shall be liable for all aspects of their Use of the Website or any of the Publicly Available RIPE NCC Services including damages following from downloading, installing or using any software or from the usage itself.
5.3 The Website may contain hyperlinks to websites that do not fall under the ripe.net domain and these websites may be subject to different terms and conditions.
The RIPE NCC has no control over these websites and it shall not be responsible for the information provided or obtained through these websites or liable for the use and content of these websites.
5.4 The Website or any of the Publicly Available RIPE NCC Services may use data that is provided by third parties.
The RIPE NCC shall not be responsible for the accuracy of this data and in any case, it is the responsibility of the User to Use this data in accordance with the applicable conditions as stipulated by the relevant third party.
5.5 The RIPE NCC relies on instructions that originate from the Registered User.
Unless the Registered User notifies the RIPE NCC of any irregularities with regards to their registration information and requests the RIPE NCC to ignore any requests originating from their registered account, the RIPE NCC shall not be liable or deemed as responsible for having acted upon instructions that originated from the Registered User.
5.6 The RIPE NCC shall not be liable against the Users for any direct, or indirect, damages caused by a failure by the RIPE NCC to meet any obligations under these Terms of Service, including damages to the User's business or loss of profits.
5.7 The RIPE NCC shall not be liable for damage as a result of a failure to meet any obligation under this agreement if such a failure is due to circumstances for which the RIPE NCC is not considered accountable to law, contract or trade custom.
The RIPE NCC in any event shall not be accountable for failures to perform resulting from force majeure, including but not limited to interruptions or improper functioning of power of telecommunications Services facilities, power failures, denial of Service attacks and defects in electronic lines of communication.
5.8 The User indemnifies the RIPE NCC for any third party claims filed against it in relation to the User's Use of the Website and/or any of the Publicly Available RIPE NCC Services or resulting from the non-performance by the User of any obligation arising out of these Terms of Service.
5.9 In no event shall the RIPE NCC be liable for any type of misuse or abuse by a User or Registered User of the Website or any of the Publicly Available RIPE NCC Services or for any damage caused thereof.
Article 6 Miscellaneous
6.1 Documents, statements, disclaimers and additional terms and conditions referred to in this Terms of Service are available on https://www.ripe.net/ and may be amended by the RIPE NCC.
6.2 The RIPE NCC's intellectual property (agreements, documents, software, databases, RIPE NCC Website, etc.) may only be used, reproduced and made available to third parties upon prior written authorisation from the RIPE NCC and in any case in accordance with the RIPE NCC Copyright Statement.
6.3 The RIPE NCC is not responsible for the content of any material that is created or uploaded by parties not employed or commissioned by the RIPE NCC that may be available on the Website or via any of the Publicly Available RIPE NCC Services.
That includes copyrighted content or any content a third party may upload in violation of the applicable law or without the appropriate legal permission.
6.4 If any provision contained in the Terms of Service is held to be invalid by a court of law, all other provisions of these Terms of Service will continue to be effective.
Article 7 Governing Law
These Terms of Service shall be exclusively governed by the laws of The Netherlands.
The competent court in Amsterdam shall have exclusive jurisdiction with regards to disputes arising from these Terms of Service. Created: 27 Jun 2017 
      