
        Please enable Javascript in your browser.Skip Navigation

Menu



Who We Are
BundlesSave $10WomenEssential for WomenMultivitamin 18+Multivitamin 50+Prenatal MultivitaminPostnatal MultivitaminShop AllMenEssential for MenMultivitamin 18+Multivitamin 50+Shop AllKidsNewEssential for KidsMultivitamin Kids 4+Essential for TeensMultivitamin Teen GirlsMultivitamin Teen BoysShop AllShop All
Who We Are
Ingredients
Our Clinical Study
The Journal

AccountOur Policiespolicies-badgePrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceReviews PolicyDE&I InitiativesAccessibilityPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceReviews PolicyDE&I InitiativesAccessibilityPrivacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceReviews PolicyDE&I InitiativesAccessibilityPrivacy PolicyEffective Date: 10/22/2018
Last Updated: 08/18/2020
Your privacy is very important to us.
Our Privacy Policy spells out Natals, Inc.’s commitment to respecting the privacy of the members and visitors to our website.
We reserve the right to change this policy at any time, which we'll do through online posting or an email message sent directly to you.
This Privacy Policy describes how Natals, Inc.
(“we”, “us” or “our”) collects and uses the personal information you provide to us on our website: https://ritual.com (collectively the “Site”).
It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
We collect personal information from you to provide an efficient, meaningful and customized experience for you on Site.
We may collect the following personal information from you:

Contact Information such as name, email address, mailing address and phone number
Billing Information such as credit card number and billing address
Unique Identifiers such as user name, account number and password
Preferences Information such as product wish lists, order history, marketing preferences, and reminder and notification preferences
Survey responses such as weight, if you participate in one of our surveys
Message text, if you talk to one of our chat bots

In order to access certain features and functions, you may be required to access the Services by logging in through a social networking site (e.g.
Facebook) (“SNS”).
By proceeding, you are allowing the Site to access your information and you are agreeing to the SNS’s Terms of Use in your use of the Site.
If you are not currently registered as a user of the Site, and you click on “Sign up” or “Log in” using an SNS that we support, you will first be asked to enter your SNS credentials and then be given the option to register for the Site.
In this case, we may receive information from the SNS to make it easier for you to create an account on the Site and show our relevant content from your SNS friends.
Any information that we collect from your SNS account may depend on the privacy settings you have with that SNS, so please consult the SNS’s privacy and data practices.
As is true of most websites, we automatically gather information about your computer such as your IP address, time and date of visit, browser type, referring/exit pages and operating system.
We may log this information for system administration, order verification, internal marketing and system troubleshooting purposes.
We use this information to:

Fulfill your order
Send you an order confirmation
Recommend products you may be interested in purchasing
Send you requested product or service information
Send you reminders about your habits
Send product updates or warranty information
Respond to customer service requests
Administer your account
Send you a newsletter
Send you marketing communications
Respond to your questions and concerns
Improve our Site and marketing efforts
Conduct research and analysis
Display content based upon your interests

To review and update your personal information to ensure it is accurate, contact us at: my@ritual.com.
Information Sharing
We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We do not sell your personal information to third parties, and we do not authorize the collection of our members' or visitors' personally identifiable information by any third parties for the third parties' use.
We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as charging your order, shipping your order or offering customer service.
These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
We may also disclose your personal information:

As required by law such as to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process;
When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud or respond to a government request.
or
To any other third party with your prior consent to do so.

We may share non-personal information (such as the number of daily visitors to a particular web page or the size of an order placed on a certain date) with third parties such as advertising partners.
This information does not directly personally identify you or any user.
You can opt out of the tracking, collection, and sharing of personal information by clicking on the "Do Not Track" link on the Site.
You may need to disable any ad blockers to view and select opt out options.
Third Party Websites
Our Site may contain links to third party websites.
When you click on a link to any other website or location, you will leave our Site and go to another site, and another entity may collect personal data or anonymous data from you.
We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for, these outside websites or their content.
Please be aware that the terms of this Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites or content, or to any collection of your personal information after you click on links to such outside websites.
We encourage you to read the privacy policies of every website you visit.
The links to third party websites or locations are for your convenience and do not signify our endorsement of such third parties or their products, content or websites.
Social Networking Sites
Some of our services may enable you to post content to social networking sites and other third-party platforms (“SNS”).
If you choose to do this, we will provide information to such SNSs in accordance with your elections.
You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for your use of those websites and that it is your responsibility to review the terms of use and privacy policy of the third party provider of such SNSs.
We will not be responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of such SNSs.
(ii) the content, products or services on or availability of such SNSs.
or (iii) your use of any such SNSs.
Choice/Opt-Out
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails or contacting us at my@ritual.com.
You may change any of your personal information in your account by editing your profile within your account or by sending an e-mail to us at the e-mail address set forth above.
You may request deletion of your personal information by us, and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request, but please note that we may be required to keep such information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements).
When we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives.
We may also retain your information for fraud or similar purposes.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Cookies are small text files of information stored by the Internet browser on your computer's hard drive.
For example, we may use cookies to collect browsing data to keep track of your preferences and profile information and to collect general usage and volume statistical information.
Our cookies do not collect personal or confidential information and are not spyware.
You may set your Internet web browser to refuse cookies or to remove cookies from your hard drive.
Web Beacons
Our Site contains electronic images known as web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel gifs) and are used along with cookies to compile aggregated statistics to analyze how our Site is used and may be used in some of our emails to let us know which emails and links have been opened by recipients.
This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of our customer communications and marketing campaigns.
We use a third party to gather information about how you and others use our Site.
For example, we will know how many users access a specific page and which links they clicked on.
We use this aggregated information to understand and optimize how our website is used.
Targeted Advertising
Targeted Advertising (also known as online behavioral advertising) uses information collected on an individual's web browsing behavior such as the pages they have visited or the searches they have made.
Third parties collect this information by placing or accessing cookies in your browser when you visit this, or other, websites.
If you would like to learn more about the third party advertisers that may be aware of the fact that you visit this website, and to understand your choices about having such advertisers' cookies turned off, please visit www.networkadvertising.org.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.
Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about security on our Site, you can contact us at my@ritual.com.
Third-Party Payment Processing
Online payments made through our Site are handled by our third-party payment services provider.
We do not process, record or maintain your credit card or bank account information.
We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds.
If you have any questions about payments or would like to dispute a charge, you can contact us at my@ritual.com.

A Note About Children
We do not intentionally gather personal information from visitors who are under the age of 13.
If a child under 13 submits personal information to us and we learn that the personal information is the information of a child under 13, we will attempt to delete the information as soon as possible.
If you believe that we might have any Personal Data from a child under 13, please contact us at my@ritual.com.
HIPAA
Natals, Inc.
is not an entity that is covered by HIPAA.
The HIPAA privacy rules apply to health plans, health care clearinghouses, to any health care provider who transmits health information in electronic form in connection with transactions for which the Secretary of HHS has adopted standards under HIPAA (the “covered entities”) and their service providers (“business associates”).
This means that the information that you provide to us is not protected by the HIPAA privacy rules and regulations.
California Consumer Privacy Act
If you reside in California, you or your authorized agent may request that we take the following actions in relation to your personal data:

Access.
Disclose to you the categories of personal data we have collected, used or disclosed within the last 12 months, including personal data(if any) that we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes.
Delete.
Delete your personal data.
Transfer.
Transfer to you a paper or electronic machine-readable copy of specific pieces of your personal data we have collected or used within the last 12 months.

To submit a request, California residents, or their authorized agents, can click here, write to us at my@ritual.com or call 1-855-5RI-TUAL.
Ritual will not discriminate against you based upon your exercise of any of these rights.
We will request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request.
Applicable law may require or permit us to decline your request.
If we decline your request, we will tell you why, subject to legal restrictions.
Notification of Privacy Statement Changes
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices.
If we make any material changes, we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective.
We encourage you to periodically review this policy for the latest information on our privacy practices.
A Note to Users Outside of the United States
If you are a non-U.S.
user of the Site, by visiting the Site and providing us with data, you acknowledge and agree that your personal information may be processed for the purposes identified in the Privacy Policy.
In addition, your personal information may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries, including the United States, where laws regarding processing of personal information may be less stringent than the laws in your country.
By providing your data, you consent to such transfer.
At this time, we do not ship products outside the United States.
Contact Information
You can contact us about this Privacy Policy by emailing us at my@ritual.com.We have high standards for emails too.Subscribe











Shop

Women
Men
Kids
Bundles
Gift Cards

Shop
About

Ingredients
Who We Are
Our Clinical Study
The Journal
Reviews

About
More

Careers
Press
Help

MorePrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceAccessibilityDo Not Track© 2020 Ritual.
All rights reserved.* These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration.
This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.
The FDA plays a specific role in regulating the nutraceutical industry.
Learn more.
