
        Privacy PolicyAt Roadtrip Nation ("RTN"), privacy is important.
This policy (hereinafter referred to as the "Privacy Policy") outlines the types of personal information we receive and collect when you use RTN’s services, including the websites called roadtripnation.com and roadtripnation.org, the RTN mobile app, and all content, information and functionality available through the RTN websites, mobile app, and other RTN products and offerings (hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Services").
We hope this will help you make an informed decision about sharing information with us and using our Services.Your Consent to this Privacy Policy

By using our Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy as they may be amended from time to time.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into our Terms of Use which govern your use of the Services in general and of which this Privacy Policy is a part.
This Privacy Policy applies to all users of the Services.
By providing information to RTN, you understand and consent to the collection, maintenance, processing and transfer of such information in and to the United States and other countries and territories, in accordance with United States law.

RTN reserves the right to modify or revise its Terms of Use and/or Privacy Policy, in its sole discretion, at any time.
Your continued use of the Services indicates your agreement to be bound by any and all subsequent modifications or revisions.
RTN will attempt to notify Services users whenever it modifies or revises the Terms of Use and/or Privacy Policy, however, we reserve the right to make such modifications or revisions without prior notice to you.
RTN recommends that Services users review the most up-to-date version of the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy periodically.

Collection, Use &amp.
Sharing of InformationWe collect certain Personal Information about individuals.
“Personal Information” is information that can be used to identify you, and we have provided specific examples of the Personal Information we may have collected about you below.
Personal Information does not include de-identified or aggregated information, which is information in which identifiable information is removed and that cannot reasonably be used to identify an individual.
We may use de-identified or aggregated information for any purpose.Categories of Personal Information We Collect:
Identifiers, such as name, postal address, unique personal identifier, internet protocol address, email address, email password and login information, photographs, or other similar identifiers.
Demographic information, such as race, national origin, citizenship, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, or sex (including gender or gender identity).
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Audio, textual and video content may be gathered from use of our Services when such content is uploaded by users of our Services.
Professional or employment information may be gathered from use of our Services when such content is uploaded by users of our Services.
Internet or other similar network activity, including browsing history, search history, RTN links, and information regarding your interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement.
Geolocation data, is gathered when users interact with our website as IP addresses are obtained when users interact with our Services, and IP addresses provide information about users’ approximate location.
Education information, such as personally identifiable information under the Family Education Rights and Privacy Act.
Profile information, such as inferences drawn from Personal Information reflecting a user’s preferences, characteristics, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities and aptitudes.
Categories of Sources for Personal Information We have Collected:
We have received Personal Information from users of the Services through their direct interactions with our Services, including by signing up for and creating RTN accounts and sharing their content on our Services.
We have received Personal Information from our parent company Strada Education Network and its affiliated companies.
We have received Personal Information from mission-aligned partners and licensees, including educational institutions and organizations, in connection with requests to deliver certain Services offered on by our partners and as disclosed to you.
We have collected Personal Information such as technical data, usage data, and internet and other similar network activity through automated technologies and users’ interactions with our Services and from service providers.
We have collected Personal Information from schools or other educational institutions and organizations with which you have agreed to the transfer of Personal Information to our Services.
Our Business or Commercial Purposes for Collecting Personal Information and Categories of Third Parties to Whom the Information was Disclosed:
Identifiers are collected to market to individuals, provide users with our Services, to improve the quality, safety, and security of the Services, to customize and improve our Services, to administer your account and process your requests related to the Services, and to respond to direct inquiries.
We may share this Personal Information with our parent company, Strada Education Network, any of Strada’s subsidiaries and affiliates, our service providers that assist us to provide users with the Services and with parties to which you have authorized us to share your Personal Information.
When users submit content for certain Services, such as Share Your Road, some identifiers, such as a users’ name and zip code, may be disclosed publicly or to other mission-aligned partners and licensees, including educational institutions and organizations.
Demographic information is collected to market to individuals, provide users with our Services, to improve the quality, safety, and security of the Services, to customize and improve our Services, to administer your account and process your requests related to the Services, and to respond to direct inquiries.
We may share this Personal Information with our parent company, Strada Education Network, any of Strada’s subsidiaries and affiliates, our service providers that assist us to provide users with the Services and with parties to which you have authorized us to share your Personal Information.
When users submit content for certain Services, such as Share Your Road, some demographic information may be disclosed publicly or to other mission-aligned partners and licensees, including educational institutions and organizations.
Commercial information is collected to provide users with our Services, to improve the quality, safety, and security of the Services, to customize and improve our Services, to administer your account and process your requests related to the Services, and to respond to direct inquiries.
We may share this Personal Information with our parent company, Strada Education Network, any of Strada’s subsidiaries and affiliates, our service providers that assist us to provide users with the Services and with parties to which you have authorized us to share your Personal Information.
Audio, textual and video content is collected to provide users with our Services, to improve the quality, safety, and security of the Services, to customize and improve our Services, and to detect security incidents and protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity.
We may share this Personal Information with our parent company, Strada Education Network, any of Strada’s subsidiaries and affiliates, our service providers that assist us to provide users with the Services and to provide fraud protection and with parties to which you have authorized us to share your Personal Information.
When users submit content for certain Services, such as Share Your Road, audio, textual and video content may be disclosed publicly or to other mission-aligned partners and licensees, including educational institutions and organizations.
Professional or employment information is collected to provide users with our Services, to improve the quality, safety, and security of the Services, to customize and improve our Services, and to detect security incidents and protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity.
We may share this Personal Information with our parent company, Strada Education Network, any of Strada’s subsidiaries and affiliates, our service providers that assist us to provide users with the Services and to provide fraud protection and with parties to which you have authorized us to share your Personal Information.
When users submit content for certain Services, such as Share Your Road, audio, textual and video content may be disclosed publicly or to other mission-aligned partners and licensees, including educational institutions and organizations.
Internet or other similar network activity is collected to market to individuals, to provide users with our Services, to improve the quality, safety, and security of the Services, to customize and improve our Services, and to detect security incidents and protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity.
We may share this Personal Information with our parent company, Strada Education Network, any of Strada’s subsidiaries and affiliates, our service providers that assist us to provide users with the Services and to provide fraud protection and with parties to which you have authorized us to share your Personal Information.
We may share Internet activity with advertising service providers to serve relevant advertisements and obtain analytics information concerning our advertising.
Geolocation data is collected to market to individuals, to provide users with our Services, to improve the quality, safety, and security of the Services, to customize and improve our Services, and to detect security incidents and protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity.
We may share this Personal Information with our parent company, Strada Education Network, any of Strada’s subsidiaries and affiliates, our service providers that assist us to provide users with the Services and to provide fraud protection, and with parties to which you have authorized us to share your Personal Information.
We may share Internet activity with advertising service providers to serve relevant advertisements and obtain analytics information concerning our advertising.
Education information is collected to provide users with our Services, to improve the quality, safety, and security of the Services, to customize and improve our Services, and to administer your account and process your requests related to the Services.
We may share this Personal Information with our parent company, Strada Education Network, any of Strada’s subsidiaries and affiliates, our service providers that assist us to provide users with the Services and to provide fraud protection and with parties to which you have authorized us to share your Personal Information, such as schools or educational institutions.
When users submit content for certain Services, such as Share Your Road, audio, textual and video content may be disclosed publicly or to other mission-aligned partners and licensees, including educational institutions and organizations.
Profile information is collected to provide users with our Services, to improve the quality, safety, and security of the Services, to customize and improve our Services, and to administer your account and process your requests related to the Services.
We may share this Personal Information with our parent company, Strada Education Network, any of Strada’s subsidiaries and affiliates, our service providers that assist us to provide users with the Services and to provide fraud protection and with parties to which you have authorized us to share your Personal Information, such as schools or educational institutions.
When users submit content for certain Services, such as Share Your Road, some demographic information may be disclosed publicly or to other mission-aligned partners, such as educational institutions and organizations.

In addition, where consistent with applicable laws and regulations, we may disclose Personal Information in all categories above:

to prepare, negotiate or perform a contract with you;
to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process otherwise required by law or the competent government or judicial authorities;
to establish or preserve a legal claim or defense;
as part of corporate restructuring, sale of assets, merger, or divestiture.
or
to prevent fraud or other illegal activities, such as willful attacks on our information technology systems.
Choices for Personal InformationWe provide users with certain rights regarding their Personal Information.
This section describes the rights that we provide and explains how to exercise those rights.Choices and AccessYour choices regarding our use and disclosure of Personal Information
We give you certain choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Information for promotional purposes.
You may opt-out from receiving electronic communications from us by contacting us at support@roadtripnation.org.
If you no longer want to receive promotional-related emails from us, you may opt-out according to instructions in such communications.
Please note that if you opt-out of receiving marketing-related messages, we may still send you important administrative messages.
If you are a California resident and have an established business relationship with us, you may request from us: (a) a list of the categories of personally identifiable information, such as name, email address and mailing address and the type of services provided to the customer that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes and (b) the names and addresses of all such third parties.
To request the above information, please contact us at support@roadtripnation.com.
Access, change or deletion of Personal Information To the extent the rights are provided to you by applicable law, if you would like to request to review, correct, update, or delete Personal Information that you previously have provided to us, please contact us at support@roadtripnation.org.
We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law.Third Party ServicesWhen you utilize our Services, you may be able to visit or link to other sites not operated by us.
We do not control such sites and we are not responsible for the information practices of these sites.
This Privacy Policy does not address the information practices of those other websites, and we encourage you to read the posted privacy policies of such sites.Data Integrity and RetentionWe take reasonable steps to ensure that the Personal Information we process is accurate, complete and current, but we depend on our users to update or correct their Personal Information whenever necessary.
We take reasonable security measures to protect against unauthorized access to, or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of, data.
We will only retain your information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for your information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your information, the purposes for which we process your information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.Children's Online Privacy Protection ActOur Services are not intended to be used by children under the age of 13.
If you are a user who is under the age of 13, we must have permission from your parent or legal guardian before you can register as a member of the Services.
A parent or legal guardian may ask RTN to provide them with the information we maintain about their child so that they may request corrections and/or deletions.
Please contact RTN by email at support@roadtripnation.com or in writing at:Security and Privacy RequestsRoadtrip Nation1626 Placentia Ave.Costa Mesa, CA 92627
We will need to verify the identity of anyone requesting information about a child to ensure that the person is in fact the child’s parent or legal guardian.
Please understand that, even after removal, your child's content may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or by others if a user has copied or stored such content.Changes to this PolicyPlease note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time.
We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page, and RTN recommends that you periodically review this Privacy Policy for any updates and/or changes.
If you have any additional questions or concerns about the Privacy Policy, please contact us at Roadtrip Nation, 1626 Placentia Ave., Costa Mesa, CA 92627, or support@roadtripnation.com.

Updated March 3, 2021
