
        This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best welcome bonuses and offers in your currency. Your overall experience on our website will be better too.
Learn moreOK 



Home


Bonuses


No Deposit


Play 



Slots


Bingo


Casino


Games


Sport


Lottery


Poker


More



Offers &amp.
Articles

Log in / Sign up






 Privacy and Cookies  Roger does not sell, rent, loan, trade, lease or disclose any of your personal information collected at our site  Your Privacy
At Roger, we take your privacy seriously.
And we comply in full and at all times with the EU General Data Protection (GDPR) rules, not just because it’s the law but because it’s the right thing to do.
Here we answer some of the most commonly asked questions about data and privacy.
An outline of our policy on data protection and cookies, and an explanation of the way we use your information, are included.
How do I contact Roger and who is your data controller?
The data controller responsible for your personal information for the relevant EU data protection law is:
Roger Limited
Majestic Court 5
St Mary’s Street
Mellieha
MLH1337
Malta
Should you have any queries about this privacy policy, or the way we collect information about you, please get in touch using the details above, specifying the country you live in and what you need to know.
Data Protection Officer
Roger’s ‘Data Protection Officer' is responsible for the way we use your information, and overseeing compliance with the law on data protection.
You can contact our Data Protection Officer using the details given above if you have any specific queries on any issues surrounding data protection or the way we use information about you.
Please mark any correspondence for the attention of: ‘The Data Protection Officer'.
What information about you will you collect?
We collect personal details including:

A full name
Telephone number
Email address
Date of birth
Postal address including postcode

What information will you collect from other sources?
We may collect information from One Account Mobile Limited (1account) in order to verify that you meet the minimum age requirements as determined by relevant UK age restriction legislation.
We will record that your age has been successfully verified so that you don’t need to go through the process again.
You can find information about 1account and how they manage your personal data by visiting their website: 1account.net.
How will you share the information you hold about me?
We use cookies in our marketing to gather email addresses for mail shots, which means these are set if you use Roger.

Third-party affiliates, like Google Analytics, will also implement cookies to collect information about a user's activity on Roger.com.

If you sign up to our website, you will be automatically subscribed to our regular newsletter, which is emailed from time to time.
You have the option to opt-out of receiving this information at an early stage, and then at any point afterwards.
Will you share my personal data with anyone else?
No, absolutely not! We never share personal details with any third party under any circumstances, even if it’s one we think you may potentially be interested in hearing from.
Nor will we, at any time, transfer your personal information to another country, again under any circumstances.

However, if you choose to access demo games from the UK we may share your information with One Account Mobile Limited (1account) for them to verify that you meet the minimum age requirements as determined by relevant UK age restriction legislation.
You can find information about 1account and how they manage your personal data by visiting their website: 1account.net.
How long will you keep my data for?
We won’t hold on to your information for any longer than necessary.
In any event, whatever the reason for your contact, we won’t hold on to your details for more than 36 months maximum, unless you continue to be a subscriber to Roger.
What are my rights in all this?

You have the right for us to tell you how we use your data, and for us to let you know if anything changes.
Each time we collect it, we will let you know how your information is being used.
You also have a right of access – meaning you can email us at any time to obtain access to the information we hold about you.
We must respond to any such request within one calendar month.

Right to rectification – Let us know if the data we have about you is inaccurate or outdated, and then we can put it right.

Right to erasure – You are entitled to ask us to delete your data, and we will do this unless there is a compelling reason for us not doing so.

Concerns over data handling
If you have any concerns or issues over data handling or processing, you are entitled to contact the Information Commissioner’s Office.
You can do that here.
Acceptance
Tick boxes:

I understand and I accept the use of cookies
I do not accept the use of cookies

Withdrawing consent
You may withdraw your consent to our use of your data at any time by contacting us via the details given at the top of this policy.
With each newsletter we mail out, there is a chance to unsubscribe on every communication.
Bear in mind that if you withdraw consent, it is still legal for us to hold and use your personal information until you do so. Connect with Roger Go and like our Facebook or Twitter pages to stay up to date with all the latest games and offers from Roger.com.
 Have a game you want Roger to feature? Click here

Home
Online Casinos (UK)
Login / Sign up
Online Casinos (Canada)
View all Games
Sports Events
About us
Offers &amp.
Articles
Play Okay
FAQs
Privacy and Cookies
Terms and Conditions





© Copyright 2021 Roger.com (UK) Limited.
All Rights Reserved.

 Hello! Looks like you're joining us from the United States.
Is that correct? Yes No Mind your own business! 
      