
COOKIE POLICY FOR ROOSTER TEETH SERVICES
We at Rooster Teeth Productions, LLC (the “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our”, including our affiliates) believe in being transparent about how we collect and use data.
This policy provides information about how and when we use cookies for these purposes.
Capitalized terms used in this policy but not defined have the meaning set forth in our Privacy Policy, which also includes additional details about how we collect and use information.
Visiting or using our Website or Services with your browser settings adjusted to accept cookies tells us that you consent to our use of cookies and other technologies to provide you with the Services.
If you do not accept the use of these cookies, please disable them using the instructions provided below.

WHAT ARE COOKIES?
“Cookies” are text files transferred to your device when you visit a website.
Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognizes that cookie.
Cookies are widely used to make websites work more efficiently, recognize your browser or device, improve your user experience, customize features and advertising, and provide reporting information about the Services.
You can configure your desktop or mobile browser’s settings to reflect your preference to accept or reject cookies, including how to handle third-party cookies (see How Can I Manage Cookies? below).
You can find out more information about cookies at http://www.allaboutcookies.org and http://www.youronlinechoices.eu.
In addition to cookies, there are other similar technologies used by us and elsewhere on the web or in mobile sites or applications.
Web beacons, browser storage and plugins and other technologies often work in conjunction with cookies, and may store small amounts of data on your device.
HOW DO WE USE COOKIES?
The Services offered by the Company may use cookies and other technologies that work in conjunction with cookies (such as SDKs, pixels, tags, or web beacons) to collect and store the Information we automatically collect about our users’ device and use of the Services.
Cookies may be served directly by us to your device (a first party cookie) or may be served by one of our service providers on our behalf (a third party cookie).
Cookies can be used to recognize you when you visit our Services, remember your preferences, and give you a more personalized experience.
Cookies can also make your interactions with the Services faster and more secure.
While specific types of cookies and technologies may change from time to time as we improve and update the Services, cookies used by the Services generally fall into the categories below:

Security and Authentication (Strictly Necessary Cookies): These cookies are essential to provide you with the Services and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas.
Without these cookies, we can’t provide parts of the Services that you request, like secure login accounts and transactional pages.
Performance &amp.
Functionality Cookies: We use performance cookies to analyze how the Services are being accessed and used, or how the Services are performing in order to maintain, operate and continually improve the Services and provide a better overall user experience.
Functionality cookies record information about choices you’ve made and allow us to customize the Services to you.
When you continue to use or return to the Services, we can remember choices you make (such as login credentials, language preference, country location or other online settings) and provide the personalized or enhanced features that you select.
We also employ Google Analytics to help understand how the Service is used.
Social Networks: Some technologies help you to interact with social networks you are signed into while using the Services, such as sharing content with the social network, logging in with the social network, and other features you employ with the social network, or that are allowed in the social network’s privacy policy.
These may be set and controlled by the social networks, and your preferences with those social networks.
You can manage your privacy preferences for these social networks and their tools and widgets via your account with the social network.
Advertising or Targeting Cookies: These cookies allow us and third parties to gather information about the content you’re browsing, your visit, or your interaction with ads and our communications, and to display ads that are relevant to you and measure their effectiveness.
Certain third party cookies may also track your activity across various sites to display ads relevant to you and your interests on third party sites and applications.
Most advertising or targeting cookies set by the Services belong to our service providers.

WHAT THIRD PARTY COOKIES DO WE USE?
Our cookie table lists some of the third party cookies on our Services.
Please note that the names of cookies, pixels and other technologies may change over time.Cookie NameUseInternal or External__cfduidThis is a token from Recurly, the subscription backend service we use.External_gaThese are Google cookies.
We use these to track user behavior (e.g.
click events, page views, video views, and purchases) to learn how users use our site.External_gat_UA-2631020-20External_gidExternalajs_anonymous_idThese are Segment.IO cookies.
We use these to send data to our internal analytics platform, which sends data to our warehouse.
These cookies also track user events, behaviors, and where users visit on our site.Externalajs_group_idExternalajs_user_idExternalAll cookies from .facebook.comWe allow users to sign in and create an account using Facebook.
We also track FIRST membership purchases with a Facebook tracking pixel.Externalmp_d5d9108a00e53e563e046ee5aca7b049_mixpanelThis is a Mixpanel cookie.
We use this to track user behavior such as clicks, page views, and purchases.ExternaloptimizelyEndUserIdThis is an Optimizely cookie.
We use this for A/B testing and to track user behavior (e.g.
click events, page views, and purchases).Externalrt_access_tokenWe use these tokens to check if users have access to FIRST membership / paid content, and to refresh access tokens.Internalrt_refresh_tokenInternalchat-panelThis cookie is used to remember if a user left the chat panel open or closed.InternalHOW CAN I MANAGE COOKIES?
You can choose whether or not to accept cookies and other technologies, as explained below.
However, you should be aware that disabling cookies may prevent you from enjoying the full functionality of the Services.
Most browsers allow you to change your cookie settings.
The “Options” or “Preferences” menu of most browsers detail how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether.
Your browser’s settings may also allow you to disable or delete similar technologies and data used by browser add-ons (such as Flash cookies), for instance by changing the add-on’s settings or clearing browser storage.
Browser manufacturers provide help pages relating to cookie management in their products.
Please see below for more information:

Google Chrome
Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Safari (Desktop)
Safari (Mobile)
Android Browser
Opera
Opera Mobile

For other browsers, please consult the documentation that your browser manufacturer provides.
If you only want to limit third party advertising cookies, you can turn off most of these cookies by visiting the following links (but be aware that not all of the companies listed on these sites drop cookies via our Services):

Your Online Choices
Network Advertising Initiative
Digital Advertising Alliance

You can opt out of interest-based targeting provided by participating ad services through the Digital Advertising Alliance’s YourAdChoices.
In addition, on your iPhone, iPad or Android, you can change your device settings to control whether you see online interest-based ads.
For Google Analytics, you can opt-out through Google Ads Settings, Ad Settings for mobile apps, or any other available means (e.g.
the NAI’s consumer opt-out listed above).
Google also provides a Google Analytics opt-out plug-in for the web.
Please note that even if you opt-out and limit cookies or these third party tracking technologies, they may still collect data and you may still see ads, but they will not be targeted based on information collected through these technologies.
WHAT IS DO NOT TRACK?
Do Not Track is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers.
When a user turns on the Do Not Track signal, the browser sends a message to websites requesting them not to track the user.
At this time, we do not respond to Web browser “do not track” settings or signals.
As described in this Cookie Policy, we deploy cookies and other technologies on our Service to collect information about you and your browsing activity, even if you have turned on the Do Not Track signal.
CHANGES TO THIS COOKIE POLICY
If you have disabled one or more cookies, we may still use information collected from cookies prior to your disabled preference being set, however, we will stop using the disabled cookie to collect any further information.
We may amend this Cookie Policy from time to time.
Use of Information we collect now is subject to the Cookie Policy in effect at the time such Information is used.
If we make material changes in the way we collect, use, and/or share information held in cookies, we will notify you by posting an announcement through the applicable Services.
We encourage you to regularly review this page for any updates to our Cookie Policy as well as our Privacy Policy.
QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our Cookie Policy, please send us a detailed message at the address below, and we will try to resolve your concerns.WarnerMedia Privacy Office4000 Warner Blvd.,Building 160Burbank, CA 91522Attn: Privacy / Legal DepartmentEmail: WMPrivacy@warnermediagroup.com
Effective: May 25, 2018
