
        
icon bookmark-bicon bookmarkicon cameraicon checkicon chevron downicon chevron lefticon chevron righticon chevron upicon closeicon v-compressicon downloadicon editicon v-expandicon fbicon fileicon filtericon flag ruicon full chevron downicon full chevron lefticon full chevron righticon full chevron upicon gpicon insicon mailicon moveicon-musicicon mutedicon nomutedicon okicon v-pauseicon v-playicon searchicon shareicon sign inicon sign upicon stepbackicon stepforicon swipe downicon tagicon tagsicon tgicon trashicon twicon vkicon yticon wticon fm 
العربية
ESP
РУС
DE
FR
 Where to watch Schedule RT Shop RT News App RTQuestion more live Covid-19 Freedom Index 14:22 GMT, May 04, 2021 
 search 
 Menu mobile 


 News 
 USA 
 UK 
 Russia &amp.
FSU 
 Op-ed 
 Sport 
 Business 
 Shows 
 Podcasts 
 Projects 
 RT Shop 
 Home Terms of Use Welcome to rt.com!
This page describes the terms and conditions that govern your use of RT digital services including rt.com (hereinafter – the Site) and mobile application (hereinafter – the Products), operated by "TV- Novosti".
These Terms and any other policies available on this site shall jointly constitute a binding agreement between you and RT applicable to your use of the Site and our Products (hereinafter – Agreement).
The Agreement shall enter into force as of the moment you first access the Site and/or commence use of any of the Products.
By accessing, browsing or using the Site and/or any of the Products you are accepting these Terms.
Please read them carefully.

Please note that the Site is available only to individuals who are at least 16 years old.

We reserve the right to change these Terms from time to time.
Please check these Terms regularly.
If you don't agree to the modified Terms you must stop using our Site and/or Products immediately.
Your continued use of our Site and/or Products after the date of the modified Terms will constitute your acceptance of the modified Terms. About us
This Site and the Products are operated by Autonomous Non-Profit Organisation "TV-Novosti", with registered office at Borovaya St., 3 bldg.
1, Moscow 111020.
You can contact us by telephone at +74997500075 or fax +74997500078. Registration
To improve your experience on rt.com, we use OpenWeb's commenting system.
The OpenWeb (Formerly Spot.IM) account can be set up via Facebook, Twitter, or email in the comments section below RT articles.
Please read OpenWeb's terms of use before using the services offered by OpenWeb.
By registering on the Site, you agree that:
- your account and password are personal to you and may not be used by anyone else to access the Site;
- you do not create registration account for the purpose of abusing the functionality of the Site, or other users.
You are responsible for all activity that occurs on your account.
If you think that someone else may have access to your password or account identifiers, you agree to raise this issue immediately by emailing publisherfirst@spot.im.
You may also log on through an account on a third-party services, such as Facebook or Twitter.
However, please note that your use of any of the third-party services is at your sole risk.
If you no longer wish to have a registered OpenWeb account, you may delete yourself permanently from within the privacy settings of your account with OpenWeb by clicking on your profile above the comment section: https://www.openweb.com/blog/. Posting rules
We ask that you respect each other.
In areas of our Site where you can express yourself or interact with others, we ask that you stick to what is legal, tasteful and civil.
Please read our Posting rules.
RT retains the right to delete or edit any comments we deem detrimental to discussion or which violate the Site protocol. Use of Materials
We encourage free re-use of its materials for non-commercial purposes.
All content published on the Site and/or in our Products, such as texts, articles, official publications, and other documents, with exceptions listed below, can be reused without any payment or written license, provided that:
- the source is indicated as rt.com and the hyperlink is provided;
- when re-use involves modifications to the content or text, this must be stated clearly to the end user of the information.
The permission granted above does not extend to any material for which copyright is identified as belonging to a third-party, such as photos, videos, documents, images, links, hyperlinks, graphics, gifs, apps, games, promotional contents.
Except as otherwise expressly permitted by RT, such materials may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, displayed or distributed in any way.
The RT logo and trademark are excluded from the above-mentioned general permission, except if they are redistributed as an integral part of an RT publication and if the publication is redistributed unchanged.
When reuse involves translations of publications or modifications to the text, this must be stated clearly to the end user of the information, provided that all references to the original content are mentioned. Data Protection and Privacy
Our Privacy Policy explains how we use cookies on the Site and/or in our Products and how we treat your personal data and protect your privacy when you use our Site and/or Products. Third-Party Links
The Site and/or our Products, including the content therein, may contain links to third-party sites, websites, or applications.
These links are provided as a convenience to you.
We do not control and are not responsible for the content of such third-party sites, websites, or applications or the conduct of the operators of such third-party sites, websites, or applications, and do not make any representations regarding the accuracy, copyright or other statutory or regulatory compliance, legality, or decency of any of the content or other materials on such third-party sites, websites, or applications.
We encourage you to exercise discretion while browsing the Internet.
If you decide to access linked third-party sites, websites, or applications, you do so at your own risk.
Your use of all third-party sites, websites, or applications is subject to the applicable policies of those third parties. Limitation of Liability
Our digital services are provided "as is" and "as available" without warranties of any kind, either express or implied.
While we try to ensure that the services are always available, up-to-date and correct, RT and its directors, employees, agents, partners or content providers, do not warrant that:

i. the services will be secure or available at any particular time or location;

ii. any defects or errors will be corrected;

iii. any content or software available at or through the services is free of viruses or other harmful components.
or

iv. the results of using the services will meet your requirements.
Your use of the services is solely at your own risk.
All information and data on the Site and/or in our Products are provided for information purposes only and RT or its directors, employees, agents, partners or content providers, does not accept any liability related to your reliance on or consequences of your following any information, including professional advice, whether legal, financial, medical or otherwise.
Any information obtained from the Site or through the Products is used exclusively at your discretion and risk and you shall be solely responsible for any loss, damages or harm to computer systems, hardware or data that result from use of such information. Miscellaneous
These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Russian Federation.
Nothing in these Terms will serve to preempt the promises made in the Privacy Policy.
If any provision of the Terms (or part of such provision) is found to be invalid or unenforceable by any court having competent jurisdiction, then that provision (or part of that provision) shall be deemed severable from the Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions — that invalid or unenforceable (part of the) clause will be replaced by a valid and/or enforceable, as the case may be, (part of the) clause which is as close to the intention of the parties as possible.
If you have any questions or concerns about the Terms as specified herein above you may contact us at: feedback@rttv.ru. العربيةespрусdefrRT News App

News
USA
UK
Russia
Business
Sport


Op-ed
Shows
Projects
RT Play
Podcasts


Live
Applications
Where to watch
Schedule
Sponsored content
On-Air Talent


Terms of Use
Privacy policy
About RT
Contact info
Feedback &amp.
Complaints
Vacancies

© Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2021.
All rights reserved.
This website uses cookies.
Read RT Privacy policy to find out more.Accept cookies 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 Add to home screen 
      