

Our Story
Services
Showcase
Blog
Support
Contact
 Select Page 
Our Story
Services
Showcase
Blog
Support
Contact
 Privacy Policy Ruby Shore Software takes seriously the privacy of those that visit our website.
We have established this Privacy Policy to communicate what information we collect and how that information is used and safeguarded.
By accessing this website https://www.rubyshore.com, you acknowledge the terms and conditions expressed herein.
We reserve the right to change this policy at our sole discretion and without notice.
WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED, AND WHY?
When a user visits our website, we collect information about the visit that does not identify the user personally.
We track information such as the domain from which the user is visiting and the user’s browser type.
We also collect specific information regarding the user’s session on our website.
This includes items such as the date and time of the visit and the pages viewed.
Sometimes we ask a user to voluntarily provide personally identifiable information (PII).
This information generally includes, but is not limited to, name, e-mail address, postal address, and telephone number.
We request this information when the user requests one of the following:

To register to attend an online seminar or demonstration
To receive specific information from us such as a whitepaper or code sample
To sign up for a mailing list
To correspond with us
Or any other such activity that we deem necessary

Ruby Shore Software does not collect any personally identifiable financial or health-related information.
We do not intentionally collect information from children under the age of 13.
HOW IS THE INFORMATION USED?
Non-personally identifiable information (non-PII) is collected to allow us to analyze how our website is used and to improve the content and service the website provides.
Personally identifiable information is collected for analysis to improve the content of the website and the services we provide the user.
Ruby Shore Software owns the collected information and will not sell, trade, or rent the information to others.
We may use the information to continue contact with the user.
This may include contact such as follow-up calls, e-mail correspondence, or mail correspondence to follow-up on the contact or to provide marketing information about promotions, new services, or important website changes.
Ruby Shore Software may share this information with its business partners for the specific purpose of a promotion or service offering.
ARE “COOKIES” USED ON THE WEBSITE?
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are placed on a web user’s hard drive.
We may use cookies to provide you with better service.
Cookies are pieces of information that a Website transfers to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes.
Cookies can make the Web more useful by storing information about your preferences for a particular site.
The use of cookies is an industry standard, and many major Websites use them to provide useful features for their customers.
Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user’s computer.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies.
If you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies.
However, you may not be able to take full advantage of the functionality of the Ruby Shore Software site if you do so.
HOW IS PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION SAFEGUARDED?
Ruby Shore Software utilizes industry standard methods and mechanisms such as firewalls, intrusion monitoring, and passwords to protect electronic information.
Multiple physical security methods such as locking devices and 24 hour premise monitoring are also employed.
Finally, access to PII is limited to a small number of personnel and on a need-to-know basis.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Ruby Shore Software web site may contain links to other internet web sites.
Ruby Shore Software neither controls nor endorses external sites and is not responsible for the content of such sites.
This policy does not cover the privacy policies and data collection practices of non-Ruby Shore Software websites.
HOW TO OPT OUT OF CORRESPONDENCE
Based on the information a user has provided, Ruby Shore Software may send e-mail correspondence to the user.
Each correspondence will contain an easy means to opt out of further correspondence. Stay Connected 
Follow
Follow
Follow
 Quick Links About Services Showcase Blog Support Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Google 
 RSS 

Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress This site uses cookies: Find out more.Okay, thanks 
      