
         Copyright Infringement Notification 
Terms &amp.
Conditions
Privacy Policy 
Copyright Notification
Counterclaim Procedure
 Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement To file a copyright infringement notification with us, you will need to send a written communication that includes substantially the following (please consult your legal counsel or see Section 512(c)(3) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act to confirm these requirements):

A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material. Providing URLs in the body of an email is the best way to help us locate content quickly.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

To expedite our ability to process your request, such written notice should be sent to our designated agent as follows: DMCA Complaints
Rumble Inc
218 Adelaide Street West, Suite 400
Toronto, Ontario, M5H 1W7
Canada
Fax: 646 329 9734
Email: our email If there are many videos to be removed, or you expect to have an ongoing need to remove potentially infringing content from Rumble, we suggest that you email us at our email with the subject as "ONGOING DMCA" where we increase the speed at which we are able to remove any infringing content on Rumble and also offer industry-leading content identification tools and personal management for your requests.
Please note that under Section 512(f) any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity is infringing may be subject to liability for damages.
Don't make false claims!

Please also note that the information provided in this legal notice may be forwarded to the person who provided the allegedly infringing content.
Claimant information will be published on the Rumble site at anytime. Counter-Notification If you believe that material you posted has been removed in error, you should send our Copyright Agent, using the contact information listed above, a counter notice that includes the following:

Your physical or electronic signature.
Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled.
A statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification.
Your name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your address is located, or if your address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which the Jolted Media Group offices may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of copyright infringement, or an agent of such person.

Please note that under Section 512(f) of the Copyright Act, any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification may be subject to liability.
Please also be advised that we enforce a policy that provides for the termination in appropriate circumstances of subscribers who are repeat infringers.
