
        This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn moreGot it! 
Features
Pricing


Sign in
Register
 Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Legal notice Terms of Service  Version: 1.1, 22.03.2018 
 Deutsche Version  Preamble  RUNALYZE is an interactive sports diary that allows users to document and analyze their training and network with other athletes.
Your health is very important to us.
RUNALYZE is in no way a substitute for the competence of a physician and assumes no responsibility for your health and actions.
You can see how we collect and use your personal information in our Privacy Policy.
 Registration at RUNALYZE  In order to use RUNALYZE, a free registration is required.
By registering, these terms of use are accepted.
This registration can be done via the registration form.
Upon registration, the user must provide 

his username,
a password
and the e-mail address.

If the registration of the RUNALYZE account is not properly carried out by the user (activation of the account, acceptance of the terms of use, missing personal data), the created user account will be deleted within 7 days.
The data entered during registration will be used for the purpose of using the offer.
Users can be informed by e-mail about information relevant to offers or registration, such as changes to the scope of offers or technical circumstances.
The data collected can be seen in the input mask during registration.
This includes username, name &amp.
e-mail address for the online version of Runalyze.
There is no entitlement to membership.
You must be at least 16 years old to register at RUNALYZE Limitation of liability 
RUNALYZE does not assume any liability for the correctness, completeness and topicality of contents.
In the case of advertisements and their content, the advertiser alone is responsible for the content.
Despite the utmost care, uninterrupted operation of RUNALYZE cannot be guaranteed.
Any liability for this is expressly excluded.
RUNALYZE is not liable for data loss by users.
 Duties of the user 
The user undertakes vis-à-vis RUNALYZE not to publish any content that offends against morality or applicable law.
The user undertakes to publish only correct and deception-free content in RUNALYZE.
 Termination of a user relationship 
The user can properly delete his account at any time in his account settings.
When an account is deleted, all personal data is removed from the database.
For security reasons, this account data only ages after 30 days from all data backups and is only then finally deleted.
RUNALYZE reserves the right to exclude the user from the platform in the event of a violation of the user's obligations or other gross violations.
 Amendments or termination of offers RUNALYZE is entitled to make changes to the offer of its service at any time.
RUNALYZE is entitled to terminate the service between the user with a period of compliance of 4 weeks. Right of modification RUNALYZE reserves the right to make changes to these Terms of Service.
We will inform users in good time of any changes to the terms of service.
RUNALYZE Deutsch English Polski Català Nederlandse Italiano Español Français Norsk suomi 中文 (31％已翻译) русский Follow us






















Customer Care

Blog
Forum
Community

Documentation

Help and Support
Glossary
Translations
Status
API

About

Pricing
Features
Compatible devices
Changelog

Legal

Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Legal notice

