
        
Terms of Service
Scope and Definitions
These terms of service ("Terms") are between Ruqqus LLC ("Ruqqus") and You, regarding your use of the social platform ruqqus.com, its associated image hosting service i.ruqqus.com, and any ruqqus.com test or development servers which may exist now or in the future (collectively "ruqqus.com").
Content on this page displayed in blockquotes is provided for convenience and readability only.
Blockquote text is not part of the terms of service.
Conduct and content
You agree to follow the Content Policy here.
The Content Policy is incorporated into these Terms by this reference.
Age
You warrant that you are at least 13 years old.
You warrant that you are at least 18 years old, if you indicate as such in your user settings.
Account Access
Your ruqqus.com account is nontransferable.
You will not buy, sell, gift, loan, or otherwise grant a third party access to your ruqqus.com account.
You will not provide a third party with your ruqqus.com password or two-factor authentication codes.
In the event that your ruqqus.com account is accessed by a third party anyways, you remain accountable for all actions taken by your account.
Liability
Ruqqus LLC shall not be liable for your damages arising from any of the following:

Use of the ruqqus.com platform
Technical failure of ruqqus.com
Administrative actions performed by Ruqqus, including both automatic and manual actions
Unauthorized access of a third party to your ruqqus.com account
Loss or breach of ruqqus.com data
Force majeur

You accept full liability for all content you upload to, or embed within, ruqqus.com, and indemnify Ruqqus from all such liability.

You are responsible for everything you do with your ruqqus.com account.
Don't use ruqqus.com to store important data or sensitive data.

Intellectual Property
You grant Ruqqus a permanent, worldwide, and irrevocable license to store, modify, copy, distribute, and distribute modifications of, all content that you submit to or upload to Ruqqus, including any creative works.
Additionally, you grant Ruqqus a permanent, worldwide, and irrevocable license to sublicense these same rights to Ruqqus's service providers.
Additionally, you warrant that you are authorized to grant Ruqqus these rights.
You retain all other intellectual property rights, including ownership.

We need to be able to store, copy, and distribute your content, because that's just how websites like ruqqus.com work.
We also need to be able to modify it for security and formatting purposes.

Acceptable Use
You will not use ruqqus.com as a means to support any other website or service without written permission by Ruqqus.
You will not attempt to gain access to a Ruqqus account that does not belong to you.
You will not use ruqqus.com to engage in child sexual abuse activities.
More information about this is available in the CSAM Policy.
The CSAM Policy is incorporated into these terms by this reference.
API Terms
You will not use "/api/v1/" endpoints ("Ruqqus API") without valid API keys and authorization tokens.
You will use a unique, descriptive User Agent string when accessing the Ruqqus API.
You will honor Ruqqus API rate limits.
Guildmaster Terms
Ruqqus provides you with the ability to create, manage, and moderate communities ("Guilds") within ruqqus.com.
As a moderator ("Guildmaster") of a Guild, you will not:

Accept payment, gifts, or other compensation in exchange for performing Guildmaster actions.
You may execute Guildmaster actions as part of employment duties, (for example, as a social media representative for your employer), but that fact must be plainly disclosed in the description of your Guild.
Penalize users for content or conduct outside of your Guild
Require integration with any third-party platform or service as a prerequisite for user participation in the Guild.

Multiple Accounts
You are permitted to create and use multiple ruqqus.com accounts.
You will not use multiple accounts to circumvent per-user limits.
Examples of such limits include, but are not limited to:

Maximum one upvote or downvote per post or comment
Maximum ten Guilds moderated at one time
Maximum two Guilds created per day

Additionally, these terms apply to all of your accounts, which may exist now or in the future.
Ruqqus LLC reserves the right to take administrative action against all of your accounts in the event of a terms of service violation on any of your accounts.
Your Privacy
Ruqqus will never intentionally share your personal information with third parties, except:

As required by United States law.
We will share your data with our own service providers which are necessary for ruqqus.com operations.
The exact service providers are subject to change without notice, but will always be available here.
At our discretion, Ruqqus may share your information with United States law enforcement in the event of an emergency, if we have good cause to believe that doing so would avert or mitigate the emergency.

Ruqqus will make all reasonable efforts to ensure that user information is kept confidential.
Legal Forms
Ruqqus grants you the ability to use your ruqqus.com account to send us certain types of legal forms through our help portal.
These include, but are not limited to:

DMCA takedown request
DMCA takedown counter-request
Subpoenas and court orders

You agree to refrain from making abusive or frivolous submissions to these forms.
Additionally, you acknowledge that these forms are provided for the sake of convenience and speed, and that Ruqqus does not waive any of its rights regarding legal process, including the right to object for lack of proper service.

Ruqqus considers abusive and frivolous submissions to be submissions with a clear lack of legal justification.
Examples include: nonsensical data, duplicate submissions, DMCA takedown requests for content that isn't your intellectual property, or legal demands from someone lacking the authority to make such a demand.

Payments
Ruqqus offers users the ability to purchase Premium Coins ("Coins"), a token currency that may be consumed for premium membership status, or gifted to other users.
Coins have no cash value and are non-refundable.
If your account balance becomes negative, Ruqqus reserves the right to place administrative restrictions upon your account, until the debt is paid back.
You are responsible for all fees, penalties, or other expenses due to chargebacks, reversed transactions, or refunds associated with your account.
Enforcement
Ruqqus retains sole discretion in all determinations regarding content policy and terms of service violations.
Ruqqus reserves the right to remove content that we deem to violate content policy or the terms of service, and to deactivate accounts responsible for such violations.
Severability
If one clause of these Terms or the Content Policy is determined by a court to be unenforceable, the remainder of the Terms and Content Policy shall remain in force.
No Implied Waiver
A failure by Ruqqus in one or more instances to insist upon your strict adherence to these terms or the Content Policy, shall not be construed as a waiver of any continuing or subsequent violations of these terms or the Content Policy.
Completeness
These Terms contain all the terms and conditions agreed upon by You and Ruqqus regarding your use of the ruqqus.com service.
No other agreement, oral or otherwise, will be deemed to exist or to bind either of the parties to this Agreement.
Governing Law
These terms of service are governed by, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the state of New Hampshire.
You consent to the sole jurisdiction of Hillsborough County, New Hampshire for all disputes between you and Ruqqus LLC, and you consent to the sole application of New Hampshire state law and United States federal law for all such disputes.
Updates
Ruqqus may periodically update these terms of service and/or the Content Policy.
When this happens, Ruqqus will make reasonable efforts to notify you of such changes.
Whenever Ruqqus updates these terms of service or the Content Policy, your continued use of the ruqqus.com platform constitutes your agreement to the updated terms of service.
