
        
Ruqqus Content Policy
Ruqqus.com is a free speech environment.
However, in order to comply with US law, and in order to ensure the safety of our users, there are a few things you are not permitted to do with the Ruqqus platform.
By using ruqqus.com, you agree to follow these rules.
Violations (in Ruqqus's sole discretion) may lead to the suspension of your ruqqus.com account.
1: Intellectual Property
You may not upload to, embed within, or link out from ruqqus.com:

Copyrighted material that you are not authorized to distribute
Anything not legal to publish within, or export from, the United States of America

2: Digital Safety
You may not upload to, embed within, or link out from ruqqus.com:

Digitally malicious content, including but not limited to:
Phishing attacks
XSS attacks


URL shorteners
Anything that breaks Ruqqus
If you find a problem, tell us about it.
You'll get a nifty badge on your profile.



3: User Safety
You may not use ruqqus.com to do any of the following:

Threaten or intimidate other users
Impersonate Ruqqus staff
Solicit, collect, or publish personal information, either yours or another individual's
This does not include information that is already publically available, such as public figures' names, government contact info, etc.


Spam

4: Sexual Content
You may not upload to, embed within, or link out from ruqqus.com:

Sexual or sexually suggestive material not marked "NSFW"
Sexual or sexually suggestive material involving individuals under the age of 18, including fictitious content
Sexual or sexually suggestive material involving individuals who did not consent to its creation and distribution (commonly called "revenge pornography" or "involuntary pornography")

5: IRL Safety
You may not use ruqqus.com to do any of the following:

Incite, plan, or execute unlawful or violent activity
This includes the sale of illicit substances.
This does not include the exercise of the human right to free speech, where the speech is unlawful in a user's home country but protected in the United States


Engage in fraud

6: Bots
The following rules apply to clients interacting with Ruqqus in an automated manner ("Bots").

Bots may not vote.
Bots must use a unique User-Agent header.
Bots must include a X-User-Type header with a value of Bot.
Bots that post content must serve a useful function, such as looking up information or bridging to another service.
Bots must authenticate with an OAuth2 token and use /api/v1 endpoints whenever possible.

