
        
Legal Policies
This page provides a summary of Ruqqus LLC's legal policies.
These policies are not binding upon Ruqqus LLC, and are provided only for the sake of transparency.
Jurisdiction
Ruqqus LLC is a US-based entity registered in the state of Delaware, and operating in the state of New Hampshire.
All of our assets, personnel, data, and operations are kept within the United States.
DMCA
It is Ruqqus LLC policy to comply with valid DMCA takedown requests.
Any user, whose content has been removed pursuant to such a request, may submit a DMCA counter-notification.
Privacy
It is Ruqqus LLC policy to decline to share user information with law enforcement, except as required by law or in the event of an emergency.
Emergency requests are considered on a case-by-case basis, favoring user privacy in such considerations.
Legal Process
The registered agent for Ruqqus LLC accepts service of legal process on our behalf at:

300 Delaware Ave.
Suite 210-A
Wilmington, DE 19801

For the sake of speed and convenience, law enforcement and government officials may instead submit legal process via our legal requests portal.
All legal service must be in English or accompanied by a full, official English translation.
It is Ruqqus LLC policy to reject and/or move to quash all non-English legal process for lack of due process.
Domestic
It is Ruqqus LLC policy to cooperate with all legal process valid in the state of Delaware.
Foreign
It is Ruqqus LLC policy to reject all foreign legal process for lack of jurisdiction.
Any foreign legal process must first be recognized by a United States court with jurisdiction in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire.
The resulting United States legal process may then be served to our registered agent or submitted via the requests portal.
Notification of Users
It is Ruqqus LLC policy to make reasonable attempts to notify users when they are the subject of a legal demand made to Ruqqus, unless:

The demand includes a non-disclosure provision pursuant to 18 USC 2705(b), or
The demand involves exigent circumstances such as terrorism, human trafficking, or imminent threats to life, and a reasonable person would consider such notification to be immoral or unethical.

It is Ruqqus LLC policy to make reasonable attempts to notify users when they are the subject of a legal demand made to Ruqqus by any foreign government, which has been rejected for lack of jurisdiction, unless:

The demand involves exigent circumstances such as terrorism, human trafficking, or imminent threats to life, and a reasonable person would consider such notification to be immoral or unethical.

