
         Sub-Navigation &nbsp.
Privacy Policy
This data protection policy applies to the central website of RWTH Aachen University.
It is possible that for some websites of university institutions and departments, other data protection policies apply.
In this case, they are available on the website in question.
Data Protection Policy as of February 2019
I.
Person Responsible for Data Processing (Data Controller)
The person responsible within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation and other national data protection laws of the member states as well as other data protection regulations is:
Rector of RWTH Aachen University Templergraben 55 52062 Aachen (physical address) 52056 Aachen (mailing address) Phone: +49 241 80 1 Fax: +49 241 80 92312 Email: rektorat@rwth-aachen.de Website: www.rwth-aachen.de/rectorate
II.
Data Protection Officer
Contact data of the officially appointed Data Protection Officer:
RWTH Aachen University Data Protection Officer Templergraben 55 52062 Aachen (physical address) 52056 Aachen (mailing address) Germany Phone: +49 241 80 93665  Fax: +49 241 80 92678 Email: dsb@rwth-aachen.de Website: www.rwth-aachen.de/dataprotection
III.
Data Processing – General Information
1.
Scope of the processing of personal data
RWTH Aachen University processes personal data of visitors of the site only insofar as this is necessary to provide a functional website as well as our contents and services.
The collection and processing of the personal data of our users take place only with the user's consent.
An exception applies in those cases where prior consent cannot be obtained for practical reasons and the processing of the data is permitted by law.

2.
Legal basis for the processing of personal data
Insofar as RWTH Aachen University obtains the consent of the data subject for the processing of personal data, Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
a of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) serves as a legal basis.

In the processing of personal data necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is a party, Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
b GDPR serves as a legal basis.
This also applies to processing operations required to carry out pre-contractual activities.
As far as the processing of personal data is required for the fulfilment of responsibilities which are carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority, Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
e GDPR serves as a legal basis for this processing.
3.
Deletion of Data and Duration of Storage
The personal data of the data subject will be deleted or blocked as soon as the purpose of storage ceases to exist.
Furthermore, data may be stored if this is required by the European or national legislator in EU regulations, laws or other provisions to which the controller is subject.
The data will also be blocked or deleted if a storage period prescribed by the aforementioned regulations expires, unless there is a need for further storage of the data for the conclusion or fulfillment of a contract.
IV.
Provision of the website and generation of log files
1.
Description and scope of data processing
Each time our website is accessed, the RWTH Aachen University system may collect automated data and information from the computer system of the user's computer.

In this process, the following data may be collected:

Information on the browser and version used
Information on the operating system of the user
The internet service provider of the user
The IP address of the user
Date and time of access
Websites from which the user's system is led to the RWTH Aachen University website
Information on websites visited and files opened

The data is stored in the log files of the University's system.
This data is not stored together with other personal data of the user.
2.
Legal basis for data processing
The legal basis for the temporary storage of data and log files is Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
f GDPR.
3.
Purpose of data processing
Temporary storage of the IP address through the system is necessary to deliver the website to the user’s computer.
To this end, the user’s IP address must be stored for the duration of the session.
The data is used for the purpose of optimizing the website and ensuring the safety of information technology systems.
The data is not evaluated for marketing purposes in this context.

4.
Duration of storage
The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary for carrying out the purpose of its collection.
Typically, data is deleted seven days after its storage at the latest.
It is possible that the data is stored for a longer period.
In this case, the user's IP address is deleted or anonymized, so that the client accessing the website can no longer be identified.
5.
Possibility of Objection and Remedy
The collection of data for the purpose of providing the website and the storage of data in log files is absolutely necessary for the operation of the website.
Consequently, there is no possibility of objection on the part of the user.
V.
Use of cookies
1.
Description and scope of data processing
The RWTH Aachen University website uses cookies.
Cookies are text files that are saved in the user's web browser or stored by the web browser on the user's computer system.
When a user visits our website, a cookie may be stored in the user's operating system.
This cookie contains a specific string of characters that enables a unique identification of the browser when the website is accessed again.
Cookies store and transmit the following data:

Anonymized IDs to identify the logged-in editors of the website
Declaration of consent to the use of external services

2.
Legal basis for data processing
The legal basis for the processing of personal data using cookies is Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
e GDPR.
For the processing of the user's consent in the context of the storage of cookies, the legal basis is Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
a GDPR.
3.
Purpose of data processing
RWTH Aachen University only uses cookies on its website to identify editors logged in to the website and to temporarily store the user's consent to the invocation of external services such as Google Maps.
4.
Duration of storage, possibility of objection and remedy
Cookies are stored on the user's computer and transmitted to our site.
For this reason, as a user, you have full control over the use of cookies.
You can deactivate or restrict the transmission of cookies by changing the settings of your web browser.
Cookies already stored on your computer can be deleted at any time.
This can be done automatically as well.
If cookies have been deactivated for the RWTH Aachen University website, it may no longer be possible to use all functions of the website.
VI.
Mailing lists
1.
Description and scope of data processing
The RWTH Aachen University website gives you the opportunity to subscribe to a number of free-of-charge mailing lists.
When registering, the data as entered into the input form is transmitted to RWTH Aachen University.
This data is:

Your email address
Your name (optional)
Password (freely selectable)
Language preference

When registering, you are asked whether or not you agree to your data being processed.
Data collected in the registration process will not be passed on to third parties.
The data will be used exclusively for sending out emails.
2.
Legal basis for data processing
The legal basis for the processing of data once a user has registered for one or more mailing lists is, as long as the user's consent has been given, Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
a GDPR.
3.
Purpose of the data processing
The purpose of collecting the user's email address is to be able to send them emails as requested.
4.
Duration of storage
The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer needed to achieve the purpose of its collection.
The data of the user are stored as long as they remain subscribed to the mailing list.
5.
Possibility of Objection and Remedy
The user can cancel the subscription to the mailing list at any time.
Each email sent out contains a link to unsubscribe from the mailing list.
Furthermore, each user will be sent a monthly email reminding them of their membership.
This email contains links to unsubscribe from the list or edit one's membership settings.
VII.
Contact Form and Email Contact
1.
Description and scope of data processing
There is a feedback form on the RWTH Aachen University website which can be used to electronically contact the University.
Should a user use this feature, the data entered in the form will be transmitted and stored.
These data are:

Salutation
Name 
Address (optional)
Email address
Phone (optional)

Furthermore, different forms for various registration and contact purposes may be used, which request data from the user for purposes specific to the respective occasion.
The user's consent for the processing of data is obtained in the transmission process, and reference is made to this privacy policy.
Alternatively, the user can contact us via the email address provided.
In this case, the user's personal data as transmitted by email will be stored.

This data is not shared with third parties in this context.
The data will be used exclusively to process the conversation.
2.
Legal basis for data processing
After the user has given their consent to their data being processed, Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
a GDPR serves as a legal basis for the processing of data.
The legal basis for the processing of data transmitted via email is Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
f GDPR.

3.
Purpose of data processing
The personal data from the input form are processed solely for the purpose of processing the user's request.
In the event of the user contacting us by email, this also constitutes the required legitimate interest in the processing of the data.
The other personal data processed during the transmission process serve to prevent misuse of the contact form and to ensure the security of the University's information technology systems.
4.
Duration of storage
The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer needed to achieve the purpose of its collection.
For the personal data entered into the input form and those that were sent by email, this is the case when the respective conversation with the user has been concluded.
The conversation is considered concluded once it can be established from the situation that the subject matter in question has been fully clarified.
5.
Possibility of objection and remedy
At any time the user has the opportunity to revoke their consent to the processing of their personal data.
When the user contacts RWTH Aachen University by email, they can object to the storage of their personal data at any time.
In this case, however, the conversation cannot be continued.
To revoke your consent to the data being processed and/or to object against data storage, please use the following email address: impressum@rwth-aachen.de
In this case, all personal data stored in the context of the user's contacting RWTH Aachen University will be deleted.
VIII.
Google Maps
The RWTH Aachen University Navigator application available on the RWTH Aachen University website is able to represent geographical information in order to assist users with contacting and visiting the University.
The navigator is based on the Google Maps API as provided by Google Ireland Limited, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Irland.
By using the map service, it is possible for Google to detect your IP address as well the language and other settings of your Web browser.
The geographical locations requested from within the Navigator menu are directly transmitted to the service.
When the site is accessed with a GPS-capable device, the geographical location of the user may be transmitted as well.
Google is not provided with any other personal data.
Google makes use of cookies.
Information on the processing of data and its purposes are available and can be requested at Google.
When invoking the Navigator, you will be asked for your consent to using the service under the above conditions.
You can withdraw this declaration of consent at any time.
IX.
YouTube
The RWTH Aachen University website uses plugins from the Google-operated YouTube site.
Operator of the site is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA.
When you visit one of our pages equipped with a YouTube plugin, a connection to YouTube's serves is being established.
The YouTube server receives information on which of our web pages you have visited.
If you are signed into your YouTube account, you make it possible for YouTube to associate your browsing behavior directly with your personal profile.
You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.
For further information on how user data is managed and processed, please refer to YouTube's privacy policy statement: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
X.
Vimeo
The RWTH Aachen University Website uses plugins from the Vimeo video sharing platform, a service provided by Vimeo LLC, 555 West 18th Street, New York, New York 10011.
If you visit one of our web pages featuring a Vimeo plugin, a connection to the Vimeo server is established.
The server receives information about which of our web pages you have visited.
If you are logged in to your Vimeo account, you make it possible for Vimeo to tie your web browsing behavior directly to your personal profile.
You can prevent this by logging out of your Vimeo account.
For further information on how Vimeo manages user data, please refer to Vimeo's data protection declaration at https://vimeo.com/privacy.
XI.
StepMap
Some pages of our website use embedded maps provided by the Stepmap.com platform (StepMap GmbH, Romy-Schneider-Straße 6, 13599 Berlin).
If you visit one of our web pages in which HTML code from stepmap.com is embedded, your browser connects to the servers of stepmap.com.
Stepmap uses an export code so that contents of the HTML code are directly transmitted to your browser, which processes this code on the web page.
By means of the embedded map, StepMap receives the following browser-based data:

IP address
Time and date of the request
Time zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
Content of the request
Status of access
Data volume transmitted
Retrieving website
Browser type
Operating system
Browser software language

For information on what data are collected by StepMap and to what purpose, please refer to StepMap's data protection declaration at https://www.stepmap.de/privacy.html
XII.
Rights of the data subject
If any of your personal data is being processed, you are considered a data subject according to the GDPR.
Thus, you have the following rights vis-a-vis the person responsible: 
1.
Right to information
You can ask the responsible person to confirm whether your personal data is or will be processed by RWTH Aachen University.
If your data is being processed, you can request the following information from the person responsible:

the purposes for which the personal data is processed;
the type/categories of personal data being processed;
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been and/or will be disclosed
the planned duration of storage of your personal data or, if specific information in this regard cannot be provided, criteria that determine the storage period;
the existence of a right to rectification or deletion of personal data concerning you as a user, a right to limitation of processing by the controller, or a right to object to such processing.

the existence of a right of appeal to a supervisory authority;
any available information on the source of the data if the personal data is not collected from the data subject;
the existence of automated decision-making including profiling in accordance with Art.
22 para.
1 and 4 GDPR and – at least in these cases – meaningful information on the logic involved and the scope and intended effects of such processing for the data subject.

You have the right to request information as to whether the personal data concerning you is transferred to a third country or to an international organization.
In this context, you may request to be informed of the appropriate guarantees pursuant to Art.
46 GDPR in connection with the transmission.
This right to information may be restricted in so far as it is expected to make the realization of research and statistical purposes impossible or severely limits it, and this restriction is necessary for the fulfillment of the research or statistical purpose.

2.
Right to demand correction 
You have a right of rectification and/or completion vis-à-vis the person responsible if the personal data processed concerning you are incorrect or incomplete.
The person responsible shall make the correction without delay.
This right to information may be restricted in so far as it is expected to make the realization of research and statistical purposes impossible or severely limits it, and this restriction is necessary for the fulfillment of the research or statistical purpose.
3.
Right to limitation of processing
Under the following conditions, you may request that the processing of personal data concerning you shall be restricted:

if you dispute the accuracy of the personal data relating to you for a period that enables the data controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data;
the processing is unlawful and you refuse to delete the personal data and instead request that the use of the personal data be restricted;
the data controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but you do need them to assert, exercise or defend legal claims, or
if you have filed an objection to the processing pursuant to Art.
21 para.
1 GDPR and it has not yet been determined whether the legitimate reasons of the person responsible outweigh your reasons.

If the processing of personal data relating to you has been restricted, such data may only be processed – aside from being stored – with your consent or for the purpose of asserting, exercising or defending rights or protecting the rights of another natural or legal person or on grounds of an important public interest of the Union or a Member State.
If the processing restriction has been restricted according to the above conditions, you will be informed by the person responsible before the restriction is lifted.
This right to information may be restricted in so far as it is expected to make the realization of research and statistical purposes impossible or severely limits it, and this restriction is necessary for the fulfillment of the research or statistical purpose.
4.
Right to deletion
a) Duty to delete
You may request the data controller to delete the personal data relating to you without delay, and the controller is obliged to delete this data without delay if one of the following reasons applies:

The personal data relating to you are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
You revoke your consent, on which the processing was based pursuant to Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
a or Art.
9 para.
2 lit.
a GDPR, and there is no other legal basis for the processing.

You file an objection against the processing pursuant to Art.
21 para.
1 GDPR, and there are no overriding legitimate reasons for the processing, or you file an objection against the processing pursuant to Art.
21 para.
2 GDPR.

The personal data concerning you have been processed unlawfully.

The deletion of personal data relating to you is necessary to fulfill a legal obligation under Union law or the law of the Member States to which the data controller is subject.

The personal data relating to you have been collected in relation to information society services offered pursuant to Art.
8 para.
1 GDPR.

b) Information to third parties
If the data controller has made the personal data concerning you public and is obliged to delete it pursuant to Art.
17 para.
1 GDPR, he or she shall take appropriate measures, including technical ones, and taking into account the available technology and the implementation costs, to inform those who are responsible for processing the personal data that you as the data subject have requested the deletion of all links to this personal data or of copies or replications of this personal data.
c) Exceptions
The right to cancellation does not exist insofar as the processing is necessary

to exercise the right to freedom of expression and information;
for the performance of a legal obligation required for processing under the law of the Union or of the Member States to which the controller is subject, or for the performance of a task in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority conferred on the controller;
for reasons of public interest in the field of public health pursuant to Art.
9 para.
2 lit.
h and i and Art.
9 para.
3 GDPR;
for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or for statistical purposes pursuant to Art.
89 para.
1 GDPR, insofar as the law referred to under a) is likely to make it impossible or seriously impair the attainment of the objectives of such processing, or
to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.

5.
Right to information
If you have exercised your right to have the data controller correct, delete or limit the processing, he or she is obliged to inform all recipients to whom the personal data relating to you have been disclosed of this correction, deletion or restriction on processing, unless this proves impossible or would involve a disproportionate effort.
You have the right, vis-à-vis the data controller, to be informed of these recipients.
6.
Right to data transferability
You have the right to obtain the personal data concerning you that you have provided to the data controller in a structured, common and machine-readable format.
In addition, you have the right to pass this data on to another data controller without obstruction by the data controller to whom the personal data was made available, provided that

processing is based on consent pursuant to Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
a GDPR or Art.
9 para.
2 lit.
a GDPR or on a contract pursuant to Art.
6 para.
1 lit.
b GDPR and
processing is carried out by means of automated methods.

In exercising this right, you also have the right to request that the personal data concerning you be transferred directly from one data controller to another data controller, insofar as this is technically feasible.
The freedoms and rights of other persons must not be compromised by this.
The right to transferability shall not apply to the processing of personal data necessary for the performance of a task in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority conferred on the controller.
7.
Right of appeal
You have the right to object at any time, for reasons arising from your particular situation, to the processing of personal data concerning you under Article 6 para 1 lit e or lit.
f GDPR.
this also applies to profiling activities based on these provisions.
The data controller no longer processes the personal data relating to you, unless he or she can prove compelling reasons worthy of protection for the processing which outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
If the personal data concerning you are processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of the personal data relating to you for the purpose of such advertising.
this also applies to profiling, insofar as it is associated with such direct marketing activities.
If you object to the processing for direct marketing purposes, the personal data concerning you are no longer to be processed for these purposes.
You have the opportunity – notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC – to exercise your right of objection in connection with the use of Information Society services by means of automated processes using technical specifications.
In addition you have the right, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to object to processing of personal data relating to you, which are processed for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes pursuant to Article 89 Art.
1.
This right to information may be restricted in so far as it is expected to make the realization of research and statistical purposes impossible or severely limit it, and this restriction is necessary for the fulfillment of the research or statistical purpose.
8.
Right to revoke the data protection declaration of consent
You have the right to revoke your declaration of consent concerning data protection at any time.
The revocation of consent shall not affect the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of your consent until revocation.
9.
Right of appeal to a supervisory authority
Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, if you believe that the processing of personal data relating to you infringes the GDPR, you have the right of appeal to a supervisory authority, in particular in the member state where you reside, work, or where the supposed infringement took place.
The supervisory authority to which the complaint has been lodged shall inform the complainant of the status and results of the complaint, including the possibility of a judicial remedy under Article 78 GDPR.
The competent supervisory authority for RWTH Aachen University is the Landesbeauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit NRW (State Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information) [https://www.ldi.nrw.de/].
last updated: 22/09/2020

top

