
         www.ryanair.com - cookies policy Ryanair through our websites (please click here for a full list of Ryanair websites) and our third-party providers set and use cookies to store and manage user preferences, deliver targeted advertising, enable content, gather analytic and usage data, and generally improve your user experience.
This policy sets out what type of cookies we use, how we use them, and how you can control and manage them. Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems.
They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.
You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.
These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Cookies used Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site.
They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Cookies used Functional cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation.
They may be set by us or by third party providers, whose services we have added to our pages.
If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly. Cookies used Pixel Tracking Cookies These cookies are added to the site to allow a website to analyse your activity on the website through "Events" - when a user visits the website and takes an action (e.g.
making a purchase), the page pixel is triggered and reports this action as an "Event".
Any action like this can be used to optimise page advertisements and build audiences for future campaigns.
This is called conversion optimisation. Cookies used Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners.
They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.
They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device.
If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Cookies used First party Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site.
They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Cookies used 
      