
 Effective as of 2021/02/27  Privacy Policy 
1. This Privacy Policy sets out the terms on which we collect, process and handle personal data which you provide to us while using the app known as "Rythm Bot" and/or the site at www.rythm.fm (together the "Site") and the services provided from the Site ("Service").
The Site, together with all content on each, is owned or controlled by Rythm Inc, a company registered in Delaware, US, with offices at 8 The Green, STE R, Dover, DE 19901, USA ("we" or "our" or "Company").


2. To provide the Service, it is necessary for us to collect and process certain personal information ("Data"), including some or all of the following: name, address, date of birth, gender, email addresses and mobile phone numbers, IP addresses, device and web-browser details, operating system details, activities on the Site, personal preferences relating to the Site and Service, billing and financial information such as credit/debit card numbers, and details of the locations from which you use the Service.
You are responsible for ensuring that all personal information you provide to us is updated and correct at all times.


3. The Data will be stored together with any additional information you provide to us, and will be used to provide you with, and to improve, the Service.
We may collect, store and process certain personal information to provide you with information and tools to allow you to use the Service, to perform marketing and research related activities, to supply other administrative services (e.g.
setting up new accounts), to respond to enquiries and/or for other record-keeping purposes and to improve the Site and the Service.
Additionally, from time to time we and/or our trusted partners may contact you with offers that may interest you or to inform you of other products and services.
All Data is processed by us in accordance with applicable data protection legislation and we will keep your personal information only for as long as is necessary.


4. We may, from time to time, expand or reduce our business which may involve the transfer of certain divisions or assets of our company to other parties, and Data, where relevant, may be transferred to such third parties.
Additionally, from time to time we may transfer Data obtained from Users located in the UK and/or the EU to locations outside the UK and/or the European Economic Area, some of which may have different data protection laws to those within the UK and/or the EEA, or no data protection laws.
In all such cases, we transmit such information only to entities that comply with this policy and applicable law.


5. The Site may display links to certain third party websites.
We encourage you to read the individual privacy policies of those third party websites before providing any of your personal information to them.


6. We may use 'cookies' while you access the Site to avoid the need to re-enter details on different occasions.
Cookies are also used to collect general usage and volume statistical information.
We may use local "shared objects", also known as "Flash" cookies.
Examples of other reasons include: 

 enabling us to recognise your device so that you don't have to give the same information to us several times.

 recognising that you may already have given a username and/or password.
and/or, 
 measuring how you are using the Service, to make the Service easier to use and to ensure sufficient capacity for quick delivery.


 A "cookie" is a small amount of data sent from the server and stored on your computer's hard drive.
Most web browsers are automatically set up to accept cookies, but you can set your browser to refuse cookies or ask your browser to show you where a cookie has been set up.
These settings will typically be found in the 'options' or 'preferences' menu of your browser.
In order to understand these settings, the following links may be helpful (otherwise you should use the 'Help' option in your browser for more details): 

 Cookie settings in Internet Explorer 
 Cookie settings in Firefox 
 Cookie settings in Chrome 
 Cookie settings in Safari 

 Please note that we do not recommend turning cookies off when using the Service as this may prevent you from using certain aspects of the Services and/or the Site.
For further information about cookies and how to control their use, please visit the following third party educational resources: www.youronlinechoices.eu and https://ico.org.uk/concerns
 Click here to learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies.


7. Please note you have the right to request access to and rectification or erasure of Data or to object to or request the restriction of processing of your Data.
Subject to applicable law, you may withdraw your consent (i.e.
"opt out"), by contacting us at support@rythm.fm.
If you are not interested in receiving email notices or advertisements from us, you should unsubscribe via your "Account Settings" on the Site (or by emailing us at support@rythm.fm with "Unsubscribe" in the subject line).
We reserve the rights in all cases to retain Data necessary to provide the Service and other legal reasons in full compliance with applicable Data Protection Law.


8. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time and such changes shall be effective from the date and time the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Site.
We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy on a regular basis so that you will be aware of any changes to it.


9. If you have further questions about our privacy practices, please contact us by emailing support@rythm.fm
