
         Terms of Service By accessing the Safebooru website you accept the following Terms of Service.
From that point onwards, Safebooru will treat your use of the Site as acceptance of the Terms..

The Site reserves the right to change these terms at any time.

 If you are a minor, then you will not use the Site.

 The Site is presented to you AS IS, without any warranty, express or implied.
You will not hold the Site or its staff members liable for damages caused by the use of the site.

 The Site reserves the right to delete or modify your account, or any content you have posted to the site.

 You will upload content that is of high quality.

 You understand that there may be content on the Site that does not appeal to you or you feel is morally wrong.

 You accept that the Site is not liable for any content that you may stumble upon.

 You are using this site only for personal use.

 You will not use any automated process to retrieve or index any portion of the site or site contents, with the exception of public search engines.

 The operators of the site are not entirely held to these terms
 Prohibited Content In addition, you may not use the Site to upload any of the following:

 Only upload SFW (Safe for work) images.
No porn or total nudity is allowed.
 Non-anime: This site is only for Anime, with the exception of cosplay.
 Non-anime styled 3D: Any 3D material that doesn't look anime.
 Child pornography: Any photograph or photorealistic drawing or movie that depicts children in a sexual manner.
This includes nudity, explicit sex, implied sex, or sexually persuasive positions.

 Watermarked: Any image where a person who is not the original copyright owner has placed a watermark on the image.
 Poorly compressed: Any image where compression artifacts are easily visible.
 Doujinshi/Manga: Do not upload these.
Comic strips are fine (4koma).
 Motivators: Motivators are not funny.
Upload the high quality image instead.
 Agreement If you do not agree to the ToS Leave now.



