
         Privacy Policy

Last updated: February 8, 2022

Your personal privacy is very important to us.
To better protect your privacy, we provide this privacy policy notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
This privacy policy applies to all information collected through the salad.com website and associated application.
Salad only requires your email address and IP address.
Some additional information may be needed for specific item redemptions.
Personally identifiable information collected by us will only be used for the purpose of providing you with our service.
We collect this information so that you will be able to access your account and so that we will be able to transfer mined cryptocurrencies to your account.
We may also send you email notifications from time to time concerning your account, application updates, and relevant news and information.
We use commercially acceptable data collection, storage, and processing practices, and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your personal information and data.
Sensitive and private data exchange between you and our site/application happens over an SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
However, it is important to understand that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.
Therefore, while we use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal identification information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Regardless of our precautions, “perfect security” does not exist on the internet.
We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you transmit such information at your own risk.
We never use or share personally identifiable information provided to us without your express permission or unless otherwise required by law.
Our site and application are intended for use by individuals who can form a legally binding contract under the laws that apply to you.
Please do not submit any personal identification information on our site if you cannot form a legally binding contract under the laws that apply to you.
Our site may contain links to third party services.
We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our site.
In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing.
These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies.
Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites that link to our site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
We retain the right to update this privacy policy at any time.
When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page.
We encourage you to frequently check this page for any changes so that you may stay informed about how we protect the information and data we collect.
Please check this privacy policy periodically for any changes or updates.
By using this site or our application, you signify your acceptance of this privacy policy.
If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site or application.
Your continued use of the site or application following the posting of changes to this policy constitutes your acceptance of those changes.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at support@salad.com 
