
         Terms and Conditions Effective Since and Last Edited on: May 14, 2017



By registering with FreeSamples.io you explicitly agree that the information you provide to FreeSamples.io will be governed by the FreeSamples.io Privacy Policy, and acknowledge that your personal information may be shared with its partners, affiliates and/or advertisers for the reasons mentioned therein.
You also give your expressed consent for FreeSamples.io’s partners and/or affiliates to contact you by mail, telephone or email for promotional purposes or for the purpose of completing the gifting and/or obtaining additional information for purposes related thereto even in the event you have registered on the National Do Not Call List (DNCL).


About Our Website


FreeSamples.io provides content on how and where to find the latest freebies, samples, deals, coupons, sweepstakes, or other savings (collectively, the “Freebies”), along with the opportunity for users to tell each other about his or her successes with Freebies.
We offer a blog informing users about various Freebies, as well as emails notifying users about new Freebies.


Freebies and Samples


Freebies (including but not limited to deals, surveys, specials, contests, giveaways, samples, sweepstakes, coupons, offers and other similar offers) often change, sometimes daily.
Some images and descriptions of freebies include prior offers, third party offers, expired offers, similar offers, different brands of similar products or are not a current offer from FreeSamples.io.
If any Freebie becomes unavailable for any reason, you ordered them and did not receive them, you are denied, or you do not receive the freebie for any other reason, FreeSamples.io is not responsible.
FreeSamples.io cannot guarantee that you will receive any of the requested Freebies as these are offered by outside third parties.
All third parties are unaffiliated with FreeSamples.io.
FreeSamples.io does not control any third party company in any way and no third party company endorses FreeSamples.io or its services.
FreeSamples.io receives compensation when you participate in third party offers.
All third party brands, products, services, names, logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
FreeSamples.io does not ship any Freebies or Samples unless we specifically mention that the Freebies will be coming from us.


Partners and Affiliates


FreeSamples.io may receive compensation from its partners, affiliates and/or advertisers for this information.
You can at any time email or write to us or our partners to request removal from our contact lists.
For more information about our giveaway partners, affiliates and/or advertisers and our Privacy Policy, please consult our website.
I/we acknowledge that I/we have read the FreeSamples.io Privacy Policy and agree with its terms.



Any data relating to product claims of any kind is provided in good faith for your information.
FreeSamples.io accepts no responsibility for the validity of any claims appearing on this website.


Third Party Websites


As a convenience, we may provide links to third party websites or other materials.
We are not responsible for the content of those websites and do not warrant the accuracy, completeness, non-infringement, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose of any information available through these links.
We make no representation or endorsement whatsoever about any other websites which you may access through the FreeSamples.io websites.


Release of Claims


To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you hereby release our officers, directors, employees, independent contractors, representatives, and agents and waive all liability for claims, damages (actual and or consequential), costs and expenses (including litigation costs and attorneys’ fees) of every kind and nature arising from or in any way related to (a) your use of this Website, (b) your purchase of any item advertised on this Website, (c) your reliance on any Freebies referenced on this Website, or (d) your decision to interact or do business with any third party introduced to your through this Website.


Miscellaneous


We reserve the right to discontinue this Website at any time in our sole discretion.
You agree that we may assign these Terms of Use without prior notice to a successor entity in the event of a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or part of our business.


Entire Agreement


These Terms &amp.
Conditions represent the complete and entire agreement between FreeSamples.io and you and supersede all prior and contemporaneous agreements of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof.
If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, the remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.
You acknowledge that you have read these Terms &amp.
Conditions and understand and agree to all of them in their entirety.


Modifications


We may modify our Terms and Conditions at any time without notice in our sole discretion, and all modifications will be effective immediately.
You should check the Terms and Conditions periodically to ensure that you are informed of any changes.
We may also amend our Privacy Policy at any time or introduce new policies regarding the use of the Website.
We will also post any such changes on this Website.


Governing Law


This Agreement is governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario and the laws of Canada applicable therein.
We sincerely hope you enjoy your use of FreeSamples.io.
Please understand that these rules help make it possible to offer our valued users these Services.



Official correspondence must be sent via postal mail to:



FreeSamples.io, dba Whole Customer.
193 Branthaven St.
Ottawa, Ontario K4A 0H7
Canada



IMPORTANT: These Terms &amp.
Conditions of Service for FreeSamples.io Services (“Agreement”) is a legal agreement between you and Whole Customer.
By using the Site, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement.
If you do not agree to the Terms of this Agreement, do not use this Site.
You agree that your use of the services acknowledges that you have read this Agreement, understand it, and agree to be bound by its Terms and Conditions.
 No purchase is necessary to request or receive free samples.
Void where prohibited by law.
The third party product names, logos, and/or trademarks shown on this website are the property of their respective owners and are not affiliated with nor endorse or sponsor FreeSamples.io.
By clicking the button above you agree to the Privacy Policy and provide your express written consent and electronic signature consenting that FreeSamples.io and any FreeSamples.io Marketing Partners can receive your info from us and contact you at the email address or phone number you provided above or provide later, regarding financial, home, travel, energy, home warranty, digital services and health products including possibly using live agents, an automatic telephone dialing system, artificial voices, prerecorded and text messages, even if you are on the federal or state do not call registry.
Standard rates apply and I can reply STOP to opt-out of texting.
Consent is not required to participate.
FreeSamples.io does not ship any Freebies or Samples unless we specifically mention that the Freebies or Samples will be coming from us.


 Terms &amp.
Conditions 
 Privacy Policy 
 Unsubscribe 


 Do Not Sell My Personal Info  CA Consumers:  Copyright © 2017-2021 FreeSamples.io All Rights Reserved.

      