
        Mobile AppFAQLogin Get started Privacy PolicyYour privacy is important to us.
It is Save All's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, https://www.saveall.ai, and other sites we own and operate.
We only collect the following information which we need in order to provide our serivce to you: cards added, decks added, answers given, name, and email address.
We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent.
We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service.
What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We process data on how users are using the product such as which cards they are getting correct, this helps us improve the experience and make sure users are remembering their information.
We may email you with updates to our product and services.
This may include sending you updates about new features, notifications of bugs, and guides on how to use the product.
You can opt-out at any time by unsubscribing from the emails you receive.
We may email you with feedback requests or surveys, this helps us to improve the product.
You can opt-out at any time by unsubscribing from the emails you receive.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us.
Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information.
If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us via the contact page.
To request deletion of your data you can also contact us via the contact page.
This policy is effective as of 28 July 2021.© Save All 2021ContactSlackPrivacyTerms &amp.
Conditions 

