
         Home › Terms of Service 
Date of Last Revision : 2019-11-01

This is a legal agreement between you (herein referred to as “you”, “visitor”, or “user/s”) and the owners and operators (herein referred to as “we”, “us” or “SchemeColor”) of SchemeColor.com (herein referred to as “web site”) for all the products and services provided on the web site, online and offline software and mobile apps and other services (together referred to as “services/s”).
Your usage of the service is bound by the terms and conditions in these Terms of Service (herein referred to as “Terms” or “TOS”).
“Content” refers to the images, photographs, illustrations, color schemes, color information, digital documents, digital files, programming code (including, but not limited to, HTML, JavaScript, PHP, MySQL). Changes to the TOS We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change and/or modify the TOS at any time.
The changes will be posted on this page along with the date of revision.
The changes will be effective immediately and your continued usage of the service indicates your acceptance of the new TOS. Content and web site usage The web site provides color schemes and information on colors.
The service and content of this web site has been provided as a courtesy.
How you use or how you perceive it is beyond the scope of support offered by us.
The service has been developed as an easy-to-use repository for color schemes and colors by our team – please refer the About Us page for details.
The list below describes briefly the content of the web site and how you use the content or the web site as a whole.
This list is not all-inclusive and may change with the changes being reflected on this page.

The content of the web site is developed for the RGB space.
This means color representation is primarily in hexadecimal and RGB codes.
How the color appears on your computer screen depends on several factors including, but not limited to, screen brightness, contrast ratio, gamma settings, light source/s in the surrounding environment etc.
CMYK color values/codes on the web site are auto-calculated from the hexadecimal (or RGB) value/code using well-known formulae.
These CMYK values may differ from the actual CMYK codes/values used in printing processes and technologies.
Color codes, values and names used by color systems and companies such as Pantone®, RAL etc., unless stated otherwise, are closest translations of the hexadecimal and RGB codes.
Colors developed by paint companies do not translate well to the RGB space.
Please check the color cards/fan decks of those companies for the actual interpretation of the color.
Color names used on the web site may not be the correct interpretations of the color.
Colors and color schemes are subjective.
We do our best to ensure that the content is correct and up-to-date.
However, things change at a brisk pace and it is not possible to implement such changes on the web site immediately.
This is especially true for color schemes derived from logos and brands, flags, emblems, coat of arms etc.
If the content is outdated or incorrect, we urge you to write to us directly – thank you in advance.
Typically, images and photographs used on the site are from resources that allow their content to be used for free for both commercial and noncommercial use.
Further, wherever required, links to the original content is provided with proper attribution to the original author.
Brand/company logos and flag images have been taken from Wikipedia.
Names used for colors or color schemes or gradients DO NOT reflect our views in any manner.
They are simple placeholders and nothing more and should be regarded as such.
The web site lets users post color schemes, colors, color names, or their details.
We do not take any responsibility and offer no warranty for their accuracy or usage.
The web site allows comments to be posted by visitors.
We shall not be held responsible for their veracity, or offer compensation of any kind if their usage by you results in a loss of any kind or if they do not serve your requirements or if you do not agree with them.
We would not be responsible for any copies of the content if it resides on another web server.
Though we understand that certain colors (and color schemes) have been, over the years, misused or have been representative of suppressive cultures / ideologies / organisations / regimes / institutions / states / countries, our display of the color (or color scheme) should NOT be construed as our support for those cultures / ideologies / organisations / regimes / institutions / states / countries.
Unless stated explicitly, the web site content or service does not endorse any company, brand, person, product, region, ideology, culture or political viewpoint.
We, at our sole discretion, can choose to be affiliates of companies and products of good standing.
In such cases, we will clearly mention our affiliation.
SchemeColor is not responsible for any loss, monetary or otherwise, incurred by you by using the content or the service.
 Registration on the web site The web site does not enforce registration before using the content.
However, some features of the web site are available only to registered users.
Registration on web site involves providing personal details including, but not limited to, actual name, email address, web site address etc.
You agree to provide accurate and up-to-date information in the registration form.
After registration, the Gravatar associated with the email address may be displayed on the web site.
Our Privacy Policy governs how we collect and use your data.
Also, you are solely responsible for the correct usage and safe storage of the login credentials (username and password).
The web site provides links for retrieval of the login credentials if the need arises.
If you are under 16 years old, you can only register on the web site or use the service and content of the web site with approval from a parent, guardian or teacher.
We hold the sole discretion on approving registration for users.
We also hold the sole discretion on terminating or suspending an account on the web site without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms after which your right to use this web site will cease immediately. Affiliate links on the web site If a brand/product/service is promoted on the site via affiliate links and/or banners, it would mention explicitly. Posting comments on the web site 
Keep your comments family friendly.
Be kind to others and eschew from trolling.
DO NOT use expletives.
DO NOT make political comments.
DO NOT post comments that hurt feelings of others or spread hate.
DO NOT post comments that promote banned items including, but not limited to, drugs, tobacco, alcohol, guns, etc.
For posting a comment, you would be required to enter your correct email address.
A Gravatar, if any, associated with that email address will be displayed on the site.
 Warranty and liability The web site, content and services are provided “as is”.
We offer no warranty, explicit or implied, regarding the content, the web site and the service.
We also offer no warranty for the accuracy of the content or that the web site and/or our services would meet your requirements or that their use and functioning will be uninterrupted or error free.
We would not be liable to you or any other person or entity for any general, punitive, special, indirect, consequential or incidental damages, or lost profits or any other damages, costs or losses arising out of your use of the web site or its content or our services.
