
         Home &gt.
Support &gt.
Frequently Asked Questions Frequently Asked Questions


These are some of the most common questions, but if the solution to your problem is not listed below, please feel free to email us with your question. ADVERTISEMENT About Scholarships.com What is Scholarships.com?  Scholarships.com is a leading free scholarship search resource that helps students pay and prepare for college.
We have been around for nearly two decades and are among the most widely-used and trusted free college scholarship search and financial aid information resources on the Internet.
Learn more about us.

 In addition to offering more than 3.7 million scholarships, trending scholarship opportunities, and expert advice on college financial aid, we also help interested students interact with, and be recruited by prospective colleges.
 Is Scholarships.com free?  Absolutely.
Scholarships.com offers a free scholarship and college search, timely college news, and financial aid information on every device you can think of.
Scholarships.com is free and always will be.
 How is Scholarships.com different than other scholarship sites?  The Scholarships.com proprietary database contains legitimate scholarships submitted by the scholarship providers themselves.
A dedicated team vets, reviews, updates and adds scholarships to our database on a daily basis.
If a scholarship is discontinued, we make sure to remove it from our database.
Many sites rent an outdated list of scholarships with little information or offer scholarships that are highly promotional in nature.
Also unlike some sites out there, we do not charge students to conduct a scholarship search or for any of our other services.
 Scholarship Basics Are Scholarships.com scholarships legit?  Absolutely.
Scholarships.com's expert staff reviews and approves each scholarship offer submitted to our database.
Each scholarship is investigated and we never allow a scholarship to be listed in our database unless we are confident the award is legitimate.
Under no circumstance do we accept scholarships that require you to pay an application fee or any sort of fee.
 Do I have to register to view scholarships in the Scholarships.com database?  Yes.
It is the only way we will be able to deliver the most relevant scholarship opportunities in your direction and rule out scholarships that you don’t qualify for.
Registering allows you to store your search results and revisit the scholarships you wish to pursue when you return.
 What if I have a question regarding a scholarship?  If you have questions about a scholarship and can’t find the answer in the eligibility requirements, terms and conditions or general guidelines, your best resource will be the scholarship provider.
You can contact them with the contact information we provide or by visiting their website.
 How do I apply for scholarships?  You can easily apply to scholarships from your scholarship matches page.
For more information or to apply for a scholarship for which you are interested, click the Apply Now button on the scholarship page.
You’ll be directed to the scholarship provider’s website, where you can then find out exactly how and where to apply.
 How do I get more scholarship matches?  To maximize your scholarship opportunities and increase your potential earning value, we encourage you to fill out your profile from beginning to end, adding all of your personal interests and information.
The more information you provide us, the more scholarships we can send your way.
 Can I apply for scholarships if I am not currently enrolled in college / have not decided on a school?  You don’t have to be officially enrolled in a college or university to begin your search for scholarships.
If you haven’t decided which school you’d like to attend, you can select schools in which you are interested while completing your profile.
If you receive a scholarship, the sponsor may ask for eligibility verification.
This may include, among other things, proof of college enrollment.
Be sure to read the eligibility requirements for each scholarship before applying.
 Does Scholarships.com offer scholarships for graduate students?  Yes.
We understand that grad students require financial assistance to continue their education.
That’s why we offer a long list of scholarships exclusively for grad students.
To see what graduate student scholarships you qualify for, conduct a free scholarship search.
 I am not a traditional student.
Can I still win a scholarship?  Of course.
Whether you took a gap year, took a break from school to work or have a family, are a single parent, or are pursuing a trade, there are plenty of scholarships exclusive to non-traditional students.
If you’ve been out of school for a while, you may have to fill out certain fields to the best of your ability or make approximated guesses – this may include academic information such as test scores, GPA, and so on.
 Does Scholarships.com offer scholarships for international students?  Scholarships.com offers a free college scholarship search for students who are currently living in and studying in the United States.
In order to complete your Scholarships.com profile, you will need to submit a U.S.
residential address, as well as select at least one college or university located in the U.S.
 Are there scholarships or financial aid available to undocumented students?  Yes.
Scholarships definitely exist for students who are not U.S.
citizens or who are permanent residents, so make sure you read the scholarship details carefully before applying.
To find out what scholarships you qualify for based on your citizenship status, conduct a free scholarship search.
 I want to list a scholarship at Scholarships.com.
How do submit my scholarship?  If you or your organization administer a scholarship and want to have it listed at Scholarships.com, go to Submit Your Scholarship.
Fill out a scholarship entry form with all the details of the scholarship and a link where we can find it at your website.
Our team will review your scholarship to determine whether it is eligible for inclusion in our database.
If you have any questions or need help at any point in time, feel free to contact us.
 Managing Your Account How do I change or reset my password?  If you know your current password, you can change it: 

Go to the Login page and login using your current information
Click the Profile tab to view your profile information
Click Account Settings
Change your password and click Change Password
 If you don't know your current password, you can reset it: 
Go to the Login page and click Forgot Your Password?
Enter your email address to reset your password
Follow the on-screen instructions
 If you're still having trouble, we can help you recover your account.

 How do I edit my profile?  To edit your profile, Login to your account and select the Profile tab in the navigation menu.
Edit your Student Information.
Academic Information, Artistic/Athletic Information, Background Information, Organization Information College Recruiting, or Account Settings by selecting the Edit Section button in the upper right-hand corner of each section.
 How do I update my email address in my Scholarships.com profile?  If you have recently changed your email, log in using the email you used to create your Scholarships.com profile, then: 

Click Account Settings
Add your new email address and click Change email address


 How can I receive Scholarship Notifications, Newsletters and other email notifications?  We send out personalized weekly newsletters, new scholarship opportunities, and deadline notifications to your email.
To stay in the loop, subscribe to our friendly notifications by going to your Profile, clicking the Account Settings tab, and selecting what types of notifications you want to receive under Preferences.

 Make sure to get all of our important notifications directly to your inbox by adding info@scholarships.com to your contact list.
 For Parents How can parents receive, view and share scholarship information with their child(ren)?  A parent may complete a Scholarships.com profile for their child.
Just be sure to indicate that you are a parent while completing the profile.
You can review a list of filtered scholarship opportunities, based on the information you provided about your child.
If you plan to share the account with your child, you can even favorite scholarships so that they know where to look first.
 Can I create an account for a second child?  Yes, but be sure to use a separate email address since it serves as a unique user ID.



