

I.
SCOPE


This policy covers the privacy practices that SchoolPointe, Inc., and our subsidiaries and affiliates (“SchoolPointe” or “we”) employ when providing support, consulting, On Demand, or other services (the “services”) to our customers (“you” or “your”).


II.
CUSTOMER INFORMATION AND SERVICES DATA


Customer information is information that we may collect from your use of the SchoolPointe.com Web site and your interactions with our applications.


III.
HOW WE COLLECT AND USE SERVICES DATA


Below are the conditions under which SchoolPointe may access, collect and/or use services data.

To Provide Services.
Services data may be accessed and used to fulfill the requirements specified in your order for support, consulting, On Demand or other services.
To Maintain and Upgrade a System.
Technical staff may require periodic access to services data to monitor system performance, test systems and develop and implement upgrades to systems.
Any temporary copies of services data created as a necessary part of this process are only maintained for time periods relevant to those purposes.
To Address Performance and Fix Issues.
On occasion, SchoolPointe may develop new versions, patches, updates, and other fixes to its programs and services (such as security patches addressing newly discovered vulnerabilities).
In accordance with the terms of your order for services and/or with notice to you, we may access and/or use a copy of your test, development or production environment, including services data, to test such new versions, patches, updates and fixes and validate that they work in your environment(s).
As a Result of Legal Requirements.
SchoolPointe may be required to provide personally identifiable information to comply with legally mandated reporting, disclosure, or other legal process requirements.
SchoolPointe may transfer and access services data globally as required for the purposes specified above.
If we hire subcontractors to assist in providing services, their access to services data will be consistent with the terms of your order for services and this services privacy policy.
SchoolPointe does not use services data except as stated above or in your order.
We may process services data, but do not control your information collection or use practices for services data.
If you provide any services data to us, you are responsible for providing any notices and/or obtaining any consents necessary for us to access and use services data as specified in this policy and your order.




When you contact SchoolPointe, we may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing.
We may use your email address to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements.
We use the information we receive about you in connection with the services and features we provide to you and other users and with the developers that build the applications and websites you use.
For example, we may use the information we receive about you:

as part of our efforts to keep SchoolPointe safe and secure;
to provide you with location features and services;
to make suggestions to you and other users on SchoolPointe.




IV.
SHARING CUSTOMER INFORMATION


We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of SchoolPointe if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:

Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request;
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations;
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
or
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of SchoolPointe, our users or the public as required or permitted by law.




V.
SOLICITATION


In accordance with the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003, we never send bulk unsolicited emails, (popularly known as Spam) to email addresses.


VI.
MINORS AND SAFETY


Under the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), no Web site operator can require as a condition of participating in an activity that a child under the age of 13 disclose more information than is reasonably necessary.
SchoolPointe does not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 13.


VII.SECURITY AND BREACH NOTIFICATION


SchoolPointe is committed to the security of your services data, and has in place physical, administrative and technical measures designed to prevent unauthorized access to that information.
Our security policies cover the management of security for both our internal operations as well as the services.


VII.
DISCLAIMERS


This software and its content are provided “as is” and SchoolPointe excludes to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law any warranty, express or implied, including, without limitation, any implied warranties of merchantability, satisfactory quality or fitness for a particular purpose.
The functions embodied on, or in the materials of, this software are not warranted to be uninterrupted or without error.
You, not SchoolPointe, assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair or correction due to your use of this software.


IX.
COMPLIANCE


SchoolPointe regularly reviews our compliance with our Privacy Policy.
We also adhere to several self regulatory frameworks.
When we receive formal written complaints, we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up.
We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we cannot resolve with our users directly.


X.
NOTICE OF CHANGES


This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time.
Any such changes will be posted on this page.
If we make a significant or material change in the way we use your personal information, the change will be posted on this page thirty (30) days prior to taking effect and registered users will be notified via e-mail.

