

Skip to main content
Skip to footer
 Scryfall Search for Magic cards Find Cards Advanced Syntax Sets Random Sign In Menu Help Pages Site Help 
 Site FAQs
 Syntax Guide
 Tagger Tags New
 Regular Expressions
 Random Tools
 Contact Us
 Tools 
 Slack Bot
 Discord Bot
 Discord Troubleshooting
 Other Add-ons
 Developers 
 API Reference
 Scryfall Imagery
 Bulk Data
 Terms of Service 
These are the Terms of Service for using Scryfall.
You must read these terms and agree to them before creating
a Scryfall account or joining our chat rooms.
If you do not agree with these terms, you may not register
for Scryfall or join our chat rooms.

We’re going to use some shorthand to make this easier to read:
When we say “Scryfall” we mean the Scryfall website, API, chat bots, chat rooms,
and other related services.
When we say “we” or “us” we mean Scryfall, LLC, a United States company.
When we say “content”, “your content”, or “post” we mean any information
you submit or store on Scryfall services,
including account names, deck information, and chat messages.

We may modify these terms at any time.
We’ll try not to, but just know that we can change these terms at any time.
If the changes are material, we’ll let you know by email or by posting a notice
before the changes go into effect.
The notice will designate a reasonable amount of time after
which the new terms will go into effect for all users.
If you don’t agree to the new terms, you may delete your account and stop using Scryfall.
If you do not delete your account or do not stop using Scryfall
within the notice period, your content and use of the site will be subject
to the new Terms of Service going forward. Acceptable Use 
You must follow these rules for acceptable use.
These rules protect you and others on Scryfall from disruptive and toxic behavior.


Scryfall is for people ages 13 and up.
You may not use Scryfall if you are under the age of 13.
If you believe that someone under the age of 13 is using Scryfall,
please contact us immediately.

Scryfall is not for advertising, trades, or sales.
Scryfall is about playing Magic: The Gathering and discussing Magic: The Gathering.
Scryfall does not facilitate sales or trades between players.

You may not use Scryfall to sell, offer, advertise, or trade any products or services, including Magic cards
You may not post content purely for the purpose of advertising your clan, guild, team, club, store, company, or enterprise
You may not scrape Scryfall or solicit information from Scryfall users for the purposes of recruitment, head-hunting, or job boards
You may not post political advertisements or political statements on Scryfall
You may not use Scryfall to recruit or advertise for any uniformed service, corps, or military program


Scryfall is not a platform for bigotry or harassment.
Scryfall strives to provide a welcoming community of people who collaborate on everything Magic.

You may not distribute anyone’s personal information or photograph without their consent
You may not harass, abuse, threaten, or incite violence towards any individual or group
You may not inflict unwelcome sexual attention or sexual advances on other users
You may not disparage any group of people based on age, body size, disability, ethnicity, gender identity and expression, level of experience, nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, sexual identity, or sexual orientation


Scryfall is “PG-13”.
Scryfall is not for mature content or mature discussions.

You may not post excessively violent content or gore
You may not post content showing exposed breasts, exposed genitalia, or body fluids
You may not post content where the focus is sexual activity
You may not post content where the focus is real-world guns, ammunition, or other weapons
You may not post content where the focus is real-world drugs or controlled substances
An exception is made to the above rules for blood, violence, and gore
when the content is Magic artwork


Scryfall is not a platform for crime or deception.

You may not host pirated or stolen content on Scryfall,
you may only post content that you own or created or have the license to use
You may not use Scryfall to offer counterfeit gaming materials or instruct others on how to create them
You may not impersonate anyone on Scryfall, especially Scryfall staff, DCI Judges, or Wizards of the Coast employees
You may not use Scryfall to distribute computer malware or to operate “command and control” tools


You may not interfere with Scryfall’s operation.

You may not attempt to gain access to another user’s account
You may not attempt to disrupt or tamper with Scryfall’s servers or services
You may not place undue burden on Scryfall through the use of automated means


One account per person and one account per team/company.


You may at most operate one personal account on Scryfall
If you represent a particular company or team, you may create another
professional account for your company or team, but only one


You will maintain ownership of your Scryfall account.
Your Scryfall account belongs to you alone, and it is not shareable or transferable.

You may not register a Scryfall account with the intent to share
access to it with other parties or make it intentionally insecure, open, or “generic”
You may not sell, trade, or transfer ownership of your Scryfall account to another party


Failure to comply has consequences.
If you fail to adhere to these guidelines for acceptable use, we may (but do not have to) take any of the following actions:

We may issue you a warning
We may eject you from Scryfall-owned chatrooms
We may suspend or delete your account
We may restrict your future access to our services
We may report any illegal activities to your internet service provider or appropriate law enforcement authorities


Scryfall is the final arbiter for these rules.
The Scryfall team may have to take actions or make decisions
about acceptable behavior that lie outside of these guidelines to protect
Scryfall or other users.
You agree that the Scryfall team is the final arbiter of appropriate
behavior on our services and we reserve the right to suspend anyone’s access
to Scryfall for any reason, at any time, with or without cause, and with or without notice.

You can report abuse to the Scryfall team.
You may confidentially report instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable
behavior to the Scryfall team by contacting us. Paid Services 
This section outlines how paid features work.


Scryfall offers paid services.
Subscribers or donors are granted access to features only available
to paying customers.

There are multiple ways to pay.
You may opt to pay for services using a credit or debit card, when available.
Your subscription may also be paid as part of a patronage or other related
account on a third party website such as Patreon, when available.
Such scenarios will be clearly communicated on your account settings.

Payments are not refundable.
If you cancel your subscription, downgrade
your plan, delete your account, or have your access restricted
for violating our rules, no partial refunds will be issued for any
unused features or unused periods of service.
In order to treat everyone equally, no exceptions will be made to this policy.

Gratis accounts exist at Scryfall’s pleasure.
In some situations, a paid account may be provided to you free-of-charge by the Scryfall team.
This scenario will be clearly communicated on your account settings.
Free accounts of this nature are provided for as long as we deem
our relationship with you beneficial.
We may revoke your gratis account status at any time for any reason.

We store payment information off-site.
Scryfall stores credit and debit card information with our payment processor,
Stripe.
Scryfall stores our patron information with Patreon. Content License 
You still own your content.
You retain ownership of all content you post on Scryfall.
However, by posting your content, you grant Scryfall
a non-exclusive, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide license
to access, use, transform, and display your content.
We use this license to operate Scryfall services.
We display, cache, and retransmit your content, and we may store it redundantly on computer hardware.
This license ends when you delete the material or your account. Limitation of Liability 
This section limits our obligations to you.


Scryfall is provided “AS-IS”.
We do our best to provide you a reliable and evolving service,
but we may change, terminate, or restrict access to any aspect
of Scryfall, at any time, without notice.

Scryfall is provided on an “AS-AVAILABLE” basis.
While we will do our best to avoid it,
Scryfall may have downtime, outages, or periods of slow activity.

You use Scryfall at your own risk.
You agree that Scryfall does not owe you any compensation for
site outages, software bugs, inconveniences,
or our failure to live up to any statement in this document.
You further agree that you will not hold us liable for
any losses, whether those be personal, financial, data, or competitive,
arising from your use of Scryfall.

Price data is for informational purposes only.
Scryfall may include information about the price of third-party products or cards.
Absolutely no guarantees are made for this information.
See stores for final prices.

Card legality is provided for informational purposes only.
Scryfall may include information about the tournament legality of cards.
Absolutely no guarantees are made for this information.
Please contact a local DCI Judge or Wizards of the Coast customer service
for help with evaluating your deck for sanctioned events. Questions? If you have questions or concerns about these terms,
please don’t hesitate to contact us. Cards 
Advanced Search
Syntax Guide
All Sets
Your Decks
Random Card
 Scryfall 
Slack &amp.
Discord Bots
Site FAQs &amp.
Help
Scryfall Blog
Scryfall Tagger
Art Game
Bolas Game
 Account 
Your Account
Register
Terms of Service
Contact Us
Privacy &amp.
Security
 Developers 
API Documentation
Card Objects
Card Imagery
Bulk Data
API Changelog
 More 
Donate to Scryfall
Twitter
GitHub
Reddit

 Portions of Scryfall are unofficial Fan Content permitted under the Wizards of the Coast Fan Content Policy.
The literal and graphical information presented on this site about Magic: The Gathering, including card images, the mana symbols, and Oracle text, is copyright Wizards of the Coast, LLC, a subsidiary of Hasbro, Inc.
Scryfall is not produced by, endorsed by, supported by, or affiliated with Wizards of the Coast.

 The Slack, Discord, Cash App, PayPal, and Patreon logos are copyright their respective owners.
Scryfall is not produced by or endorsed by these services.

 Card prices and promotional offers represent daily estimates and/or market values provided by our affiliates.
Absolutely no guarantee is made for any price information.
See stores for final prices and details.

 All other content © 2021 Scryfall, LLC.


 Caster Mode is ON 
      