
Seamless Chex (“Seamless Chex”) is committed to maintaining robust privacy protections for its users.
Our Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) is designed to help you understand how we collect, use and safeguard the information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our Service (defined below).
By using our Service or registering for an account with us, you are accepting the terms of this Privacy Notice, and you are consenting to our collection, use, disclosure, retention, and protection of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.

For purposes of this Agreement, “Service” means the service provided by Seamless Chex for verifying certain checking account information, including all features and functionalities, website, and user interfaces, as well as all content and software associated with our service.
The terms “we,” “us,” and “our,” refer to Seamless Chex.
“You” refers to you, as a user of the Service.
By accepting our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use located at https://www.seamlesschex.com/terms-of-service/ you consent to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.

This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Seamless Chex collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the www.seamlesschex.com website (“Site”).
This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Seamless Chex.
Personal identification information

We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site.
Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, phone number, credit card information, EIN, date of birth, and social security number.
Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously.
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us.
Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.

In addition to personal information we may collect non-personal information during your visit to our websites.
This non-personal information may include your IP address, the date and time of your visit, your browser type, your device ID, and information about how you interact with the website.
This non-personal information may be collected through cookies, web beacons and other similar technology.
Most browsers allow you to limit the use of cookies on your computer.
however you may not be able to fully use our websites if you limit cookies.
We may also collect demographic information, such as your age, gender, or zip code, as well as certain information from third parties that we combine with information you provide to us.
We may offer services that allow you to share information with third party social media sites such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, or others.
When you link your account or engage with our sites through third-party social media sites, you understand that you may be allowing us to have ongoing access to certain information stored on those social media sites.
Community and posting sections of our websites give you an opportunity to provide us with information regarding your opinions and review of products or services.
Your profile may also contain other information that identifies you.
We may collect additional information from you if you access our websites through a mobile device such as your unique device identifier, device’s operating system, mobile carrier, location or GPS/geo-location.

Non-personal identification information

We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site.
Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.

Web browser cookies

Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience.
User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them.
User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent.
If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.

How we use collected information

Seamless Chex may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:


To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Seamless Chex collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the www.seamlesschex.com website (“Site”).
This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Seamless Chex.


Information you provide us by registering for an account or using the Service

In addition to the information provided automatically by your browser when you use the Service, to become a user of the Service you may need to create a personal profile.
You can create a profile by registering with the Service and entering your email address and creating a user name and a password.
By registering and using the Service, you are authorizing us to collect, store and use your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, including your name, addresses, telephone numbers, and other related information, including: 

Content that you generate, or that is connected to your account;
Financial information (such as credit card or bank account numbers) related to a transaction;
Information shared during participation in community discussions, chats, dispute resolution, or when you otherwise correspond regarding our Service;
Additional information we are required or authorized by applicable national laws to collect and process to authenticate or identify you or to verify the information we have collected.
 How We Use and Share Information 

Personal Information

Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell, trade, rent or otherwise share for marketing purposes your Personal Information with third parties without your consent.
We do share Personal Information with vendors and third-party partners, including those who are performing services for Seamless Chex.
Those vendors use your Personal Information only at our direction and in accordance with their privacy policies.
In general, the Personal Information you provide to us is used to help us communicate with you.
For example, we use Personal Information to contact users in response to questions, solicit feedback from users, provide technical support, and inform users about promotional offers.

Further, we use the personal information we collect to provide and improve our Service, to provide you with a personalized experience on our sites, to contact you about your account and our Service, to provide you customer service, to provide you with personalized advertising and marketing, and to detect, prevent, mitigate and investigate fraudulent or illegal activities.



Non-Personal Information

In general, we use Non-Personal Information to help us improve the Service and customize the user experience.
We also aggregate Non-Personal Information to track trends and analyze use patterns on the Site.
This Privacy Policy does not limit in any way our use or disclosure of Non-Personal Information and we reserve the right to use and disclose such Non-Personal Information to our partners, advertisers, and other third parties at our discretion.

If we undergo a business transaction such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your Personal Information may be among the assets transferred.
You acknowledge and consent that such transfers may occur and are permitted by this Privacy Policy, and that any acquirer of our assets may continue to process your Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
If our information practices change at any time in the future, we will post the policy changes to our website so that you may opt out of the new information practices.
We suggest that you check the website periodically if you are concerned about how your information is used.


Remarketing

We may use third-party remarketing tracking cookies, including the Google Adwords tracking cookie.
Remarketing will display relevant ads tailored to you based on what parts of our Site you have viewed by placing a cookie on your machine This means we will continue to show ads to you across the internet, specifically on the Google Content Network (GCN).
This allows us to make special offers and continue to market our services to those who have shown interest in our service.

As always, we respect your privacy and are not collecting any identifiable information through the use of Google’s or any other third-party remarketing system.
And, this cookie does not identify you or give access to your computer.
Please contact us via email at support@seamlesschex.com if you would like to opt-out of our third-parties’ use of remarketing tracking cookies.


Cookies &amp.
Tracking Technology

We may use cookies and other tracking technologies for a variety of purposes and to enhance your online experience, for example, by remembering your log-in status and viewing preferences from a previous use of our site when you return to our site.
We may offer certain features that are only available through the use of tracking technologies.
Temporary cookies are used to enable you to navigate our site and use its features.
These are deleted when you close your browser.
IP addresses are used in conjunction with cookies for the purpose of “remembering” computers or other devices used to access our site.
How browsers communicate the “do not track” signal is not yet uniform, and the Site is not yet set up to interpret or respond to “do not track” signals communicated by your browser.



Children Under Age 13

Our Service is not directed to children under 18, If you learn that a child under 13 years old has provided us with personal information without consent, please contact us.

How we protect your information

We implement security measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access.
Your account is protected by your account password and we urge you to take steps to keep your personal information safe by not disclosing your password and by logging out of your account after each use.
We further protect your information from potential security breaches by implementing certain technological security measures including encryption, firewalls and secure socket layer technology.
However, these measures do not guarantee that your information will not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of such firewalls and secure server software.
By using our Service, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks.

Sharing your personal information

We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others.
We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys.
We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.

Changes to this privacy policy

Seamless Chex has the discretion to update this Privacy Policy at any time.
When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page.
We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect.
You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically and become aware of modifications.


Your rights regarding the use of your personal information


You have the right at any time to prevent us from contacting you for marketing purposes.
When we send a promotional communication to a user, the user can opt out of further promotional communications by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in each promotional e-mail.
Please note that notwithstanding the promotional preferences you indicate by either unsubscribing or opting out, we may continue to send you administrative emails including, for example, periodic updates to our Privacy Policy.


Links to other websites


As part of the Service, we may provide links to or compatibility with other websites or applications.
However, we are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by those websites or the information or content they contain.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by us through the Site and the Service.
Therefore, this Privacy Policy does not apply to your use of a third-party website accessed by selecting a link on the Site or via our Service.
To the extent that you access or use the Service through or on another website or application, then the privacy policy of that other website or application will apply to your access or use of that site or application.
We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of other websites before proceeding to use them.

Your acceptance of these terms

By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Site.
Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.

Contacting us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, please contact us at:

Seamless Chexwww.seamlesschex.com401 PARK AVE SOUTH 10th Floor NEW YORK, NY 10016888-998-2439support@seamlesschex.com



This document was last updated on September 4, 2018.


