







Technical issues with Library catalog

The Library's catalog is experiencing intermittent technical issues that may impact patron access to physical holds and e-material holds and check-outs.
We apologize for the inconvenience and are working on the issue.

 Skip to Main Content Close Nav 
 My Account 
 Ask Us 
 Hours &amp.
Locations All locations 
 All locations 
 Central Library 
 Ballard Branch 
 Beacon Hill Branch 
 Broadview Branch 
 Capitol Hill Branch 
 Columbia Branch 
 Delridge Branch 
 Douglass-Truth Branch 
 Fremont Branch 
 Green Lake Branch 
 Greenwood Branch 
 High Point Branch 
 International District / Chinatown Branch 
 Lake City Branch 
 Madrona-Sally Goldmark Branch 
 Magnolia Branch 
 Montlake Branch 
 NewHolly Branch 
 Northeast Branch 
 Northgate Branch 
 Queen Anne Branch 
 Rainier Beach Branch 
 South Park Branch 
 Southwest Branch 
 University Branch 
 Wallingford Branch 
 West Seattle Branch 


 Language 
 Español – Comience 
 简体中文 -入门介绍 
 Tiếng Việt – Hãy bắt đầu 
 af Soomaali – Halkan ka bilow 


 View this site in English 
 Auto traducir este sitio al español 
 将此网站自动翻译成中文 
 將此網站自動翻譯成中文 
 Tự động dịch trang này sang tiếng Việt 
 Gawaaridan ayaa boggan u turjumaya Soomaali 
 ይህን ድር ጣቢያ በራስ-ሰር ወደ አማርኛ ይተርጉሙት 
 이 사이트 자동 한국어 번역 
 Автоматический перевод этого сайта на русский язык 
 បកប្រែគេហទំព័រដោយស្វ័យប្រវត្តិជាភាសាខ្មែរ 
 ອັດຕະໂນມັດແປພາສາເວັບໄຊທ໌ນີ້ເປັນພາສາລາວ 
 แปลไซต์นี้เป็นภาษาไทยโดยอัตโนมัติ 
 Select Language​▼ 


 Books &amp.
Media Explore staff picks and find out how to download e-books and other media. Explore Books &amp.
Media 
 Explore Books &amp.
Media 
 Books &amp.
E-books 
 Interlibrary Loans 
 Library Podcasts 
 Digital Magazines &amp.
Newspapers 
 Movies &amp.
TV 
 Music 
 Shelf Talk Blog 
 Suggest a Title 
 What's New 
 What's Popular 
 A-Z Books &amp.
Media 


 Online Resources Use free research tools and take online classes with your Library card. Explore Online Resources 
 Explore Online Resources 
 General Research 
 Student Research 
 Online Learning 
 Books &amp.
Reading 
 Business, Finance &amp.
Fundraising 
 Consumer &amp.
DIY 
 Dictionaries &amp.
Encyclopedias 
 Genealogy Resources 
 Health &amp.
Medicine 
 Magazines &amp.
Newspapers 
 Seattle Culture &amp.
Local History 
 A-Z Online Resources 


 Event Calendar 
 Programs &amp.
Services Discover our wide range of programs and services, including resources, classes, events and special exhibits. Explore Programs &amp.
Services 
 Explore Programs &amp.
Services 
 Kids &amp.
Families 
 Teens 
 Adults 50+ 
 Arts &amp.
Culture 
 Authors &amp.
Books 
 Business &amp.
Nonprofit 
 Civics &amp.
Social Services 
 Fun &amp.
Games 
 Learning 
 Outreach 
 Social Justice 
 A-Z Programs &amp.
Services 


 Using the Library Get started with a Library card and learn how to manage your account. Explore Using the Library 
 Explore Using the Library 
 About Us 
 Ask Us 
 Accessibility 
 Get Started 
 Manage Your Account 
 Plan a Visit 
 Using this Website 
 Reservations &amp.
Requests 


 Search Search Main Menu What would you like to find? Search Seattle Public Library Website Submit

 Go to catalog 


 SPL - Home &gt.

 About Us &gt.

 Library Policies &gt.

 Confidentiality of Patron Information Policy approved by The Seattle Public Library board of trustees.
On this page:



Background
 The Seattle Public Library protects the confidentiality of patron information as part of its commitment to intellectual freedom.
Confidentiality and privacy are essential to free speech, free thought and free association.

Borrower Records
Confidentiality extends to all records with identifying information about patrons, including their requests for information and materials and their loan transactions.
It also includes their use of Library computers and the online sites and resources they access.
The Library will keep patron information confidential and will not disclose this information except as necessary for the proper operation of the Library, upon consent of the patron, pursuant to subpoena or court order, or as otherwise required by law.

Third Party Partners
The Library works with third party partners to provide certain services to Library patrons.
Information a patron submits to the Library may be provided to these third parties so they can assist the Library in providing certain services.
Patrons are encouraged to read and become familiar with the privacy policies of these third party partners.

External Websites
The Library website also contains links to external websites not maintained by the Library.
The Library cannot be responsible for patron privacy when visiting other websites.
Once patrons link to another website, they are no longer subject to the Library's Confidentiality of Patron Information policy, but the privacy policy or statement, if any, of the website they have linked to.

Applicability
This policy applies to all Library patrons.
The parents or legal guardians of patrons under the age of 13 may have access to their child's borrowing record.
Otherwise, this policy fully applies to minor patrons.

Related Laws, Policies and Procedures
Administrative Procedure, Ensuring Confidentiality of Patron Information.

History
Supersedes Confidentiality of Borrower Records adopted Oct.
31, 2012.
Supersedes Confidentiality of Library Borrower Information dated Sept.
22, 2010.
Supersedes Confidentiality Policy dated Jan.
22, 2002 and revised October 2002.
Supersedes Confidentiality of Library User Records Policy adopted July 21, 1980 and revised Aug.
24, 1999.

Date Adopted: April 22, 2015 
Supersedes Policy: Confidentiality of Borrower Records adopted Oct.
31, 2012 Read About Confidentiality and the USA Patriot Act If you have a question or need help, Ask Us or call 206-386-4636. Common Tasks 
 View Event Calendar 
 Find Library jobs 
 Get aLibrary Card Have a question? Ask Us Sign up for our email newsletters Get the latest about Library events, new programs and services and other Library news delivered to your inbox. Sign up now Ask Us If you need help or have a question or suggestion, we want to hear from you.
You can reach Library staff by chat, email or phone during open hours.

 Support your Library Find out how you can support your Library by donating money, books or your time as a volunteer.

 Back to Top 
 About Us 
 Accessibility 
 Careers 
 Contact 
 Hours &amp.
Locations 
 1000 Fourth Ave.Seattle, WA 98104-1109 
206-386-4636 or Ask Us Find us on:























© 2018-2023 The Seattle Public Library
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms of Use 
 Original textContribute a better translation 
      