
         SecuriSend Privacy Policy  Last updated: 11/4/2020 
 When you use our website, you're trusting us with your information.
We understand that this is a big responsibility, and we work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
That's why we protect you online with industry-leading security.
This policy sets what data we collect, as well as how we use that data.
 Overview  We try our best to limit the amount of personal information that is collected, but when we have to, we ensure that your data is securely encrypted in our databases.
We don't disclose or sell any of your information to third-parties.

 Upon governmental order, we will resist requests for user information where reasonably possible.
Note: there is no information on our servers over thirty days of age, and we keep no logs.
So, we cannot give governments what we do not have.
 Personal Information  Unlike many other file-sharing services, the only personal information that we collect is the files that you send using our service.
It is very important to note that these files are encrypted on our databases, and are only accessed by those whom you share your link with.
For additional security, it is recomnended you set a password for your file.
After the set date you choose (1-30 days), your files are completely wiped from our servers.
We never sell your personal information  Cookies  Our service sets cookies expressly for the purpose of security.
These cookies do not contain any personally-identifiable information.
 Analytics  Our analytics system does not collect any personally-identifiable information, and data over 180 days old are automatically deleted from our databases.
 Security  We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information.
That's why we strive to protect you online with industry-leading security.
But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee it's absolute security.
 Children's Privacy  Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 13.
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13.
In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers.
If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.

