
         SecuriSend Terms of Service  Last updated: 11/4/2020 
 Your Access to SecuriSend  Children under the age of 13 are not allowed send files or otherwise use our services.
Additionally, you must be over the age required by the laws of your country to send files or otherwise use our services, or we need to have received verifiable consent from your parent or legal guardian.

 If you are accepting these terms on behalf of another legal entity, including a business or government entity, you represent that you have full legal authority to bind such entity to these terms.

 Your Use of SecuriSend  We grant you a personal, non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable, limited license to use and access the Services solely as permitted by these terms.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you by these Terms.

 Except as permitted through the services or as otherwise permitted by us in writing, your license does not include the right to: 

license, sell, transfer, assign, distribute, host, or otherwise commercially exploit our service or content;
modify, prepare derivative works of, disassemble, decompile, or reverse engineer any part of the services or content.
or
access the service in order to build a similar or competitive website, product, or service.

 We reserve the right to modify, suspend, or discontinue the service at any time, with or without notice to you.
Any future release, update, or other addition to functionality of the services will be subject to these terms, which may be updated from time to time.
You agree that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation.

 Your Content  This service may contain information, text, links, graphics, photos, videos, or other material, including content submitted to the service by you.
We take no responsibility for and we do not expressly or implicitly endorse, support, or guarantee the completeness, truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any of your content.

 By submitting your content to the service, you represent and warrant that you have all rights, power, and authority necessary to grant the rights to your content contained within these Terms.
Because you alone are responsible for your content, you may expose yourself to liability if you post or share content without all necessary rights.
You retain any ownership rights you have in your content.

 Things You Cannot Do  When using or accessing SecuriSend, you must comply with these terms, and all applicable laws, rules, and regulations.
In addition to what is prohibited in the content policy, you may not do any of the following: 

Use the service in any manner that could interfere with, disable, disrupt, overburden, or otherwise impair the service.
Gain access to (or attempt to gain access to) someone else's files without their permission.
Upload, transmit, or distribute to or through the service any viruses, worms, malicious code, or other software intended to interfere with the service.
Use the service to violate applicable law or infringe any person's or entity's intellectual property rights or any other proprietary rights.


 Copyright, Trademark, the DMCA, and Takedowns  SecuriSend respects the intellectual property of others and requires that users of our services do the same.
If you believe that anything on our service infringes a copyright or a trademark that you own or control, please contact us, including the share link.

