
        
SIGN INPrivacy PolicyYour privacy is very important to us.
Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information.
The following outlines our privacy policy.1.
Data PrivacyWe understand that the data you send to Seedlang is confidential and we treat it as such.
We will never share the data you send us with anyone unless required by law.
Access will be restricted to certain Seedlang staff in order to provide support and develop the service.2.
Aggregate DataWe may compile and analyze user behavior in aggregate.
An example of this would be "what vocabulary do A2 students struggle with the most" or "what effect does an exercise type have on student conversion or retention".
This type of aggregate data is meant to increase our understanding of the learning experience and of our users, and to assist us in improving our product.
We use Google Analytics to understand more closely how users interact with our site.
All user data is anonymized on Google Analytics3.
Activity DataWe collect user information on the actions of users within our site.
Examples of this would be activies such as opening a flashcard deck, finishing a fleshcard deck, clicking on a word, or sending a message.
We don't share this data with any outside parties.4.
Device DataWe collect device and browser information for troubleshooting user issues across different devices and browsers.
We don't share this data with any outside parties.5.
Microphone AccessWithin the software, Seedlang will request the use of your microphone in a variety of contexts.
In the context of mirroring or translating text, the audio is not saved.
In the context of saving audio to your feed or to chat or requesting feedback on some recorded audio, it will be saved until you decide to delete it.
You are able to opt out of granting microphone access and still use most aspects of the software.6.
Right to ErasureYou have the right to have your data removed.
You also have the right to have your account erased.
If you'd like to have any type of data erasure please contact help@seedlang.com.7.
CookiesCookies are small amounts of data that we send to your browser that are stored on your computer's hard drive.
We use cookies to access information when you sign in, to store your preferences, to keep you logged in, and to store a limited amount of behavioral data.
You can configure your browser to accept or reject these cookies.8.
EmailWe won't spam you, ever, either directly or indirectly by sharing of email information.
We might occasionally send messages about Seedlang news or events within the software, but you will always be able to turn these notfications on or off.9.
NotificationsWe have a variety of notifications used within the app to alert you when different actions have occurred.
These notifications can be turned on and off on the Settings -&gt.
Notifications page.10.
ChatSeedlang uses chat in a variety of ways to enhance the learning experience.
All chat rooms display the users who have access to the room except for the "Tutor Chat" which is a private chat between a student and all tutors as employed by Seedlang.
Further, Seedlang employees who are given admin access can view chat rooms for the purpose of addressing specific software quality concerns, as well as to better understand and improve the product based on its usage.11.
Information CollectionAccount information includes email address and educational levels of each language that is being learned.
Optionally we might ask for learning preferences so that would be used to better tailor the learning experience toward your needs.12.
External Services We use the following external services:


Stripe for payments.
Stripe handles payments in a PCI compliant manner, and the only identifying information is a user's name, email address, and masked credit card number, credit card code, and credit card expiration.
Masking means that the credit card number is hidden other than the last 4 numbers.

Google Analytics for tracking user activity on the site.
Google Analytics might track information such as IP address, location, and user activity on the site, but it is not include any identifiers such as name or email addresses.

Sentry is used for tracking errors that occur on the site.
These errors are tied to a Seedlang user ID to make tracking down errors easier.

Sparkpost is used to send user emails to our users.

Facebook is used as a sign-in option, and we collect a user's email address when they sign in.
13.
Questions or CommentsIf you have questions or comments about this privacy policy, please contact us at help@seedlang.com.Seedlang
Memberships
Team
Jobs
Partners
iOS App
Android App
Help
FAQ
Contact
Site Releases
Legal
Terms
Privacy

