
        Twilio Cookie Notice
Mmmm!! Cookies! Oh wait, not that kind of cookie...
this kind of cookie:

When you visit Twilio’s website, www.twilio.com, or the Twilio Account Portal, we and our service providers acting on our behalf automatically collect certain data using tracking technologies like cookies and web beacons.
This notice describes what tracking technologies we use and what we use them for.What’s a Cookie?A cookie is a piece of data contained in a very small text file that is stored in your browser or elsewhere on your hard drive.
Cookies allow Twilio to identify your device as you navigate through our publicly-accessible website (the Twilio Site) or our account portal.
We also use them to recognize return visitors to the Twilio Site.
This helps make navigating and interacting with the Twilio Site and our account portal more efficient, easy and meaningful.
By themselves, cookies do not identify you specifically.
Rather, they recognize your web browser.
So, unless you identify yourself specifically to Twilio, like signing into the account portal, we don’t know who you are just because you visited the Twilio Site.
Twilio uses both session and persistent cookies.
Session cookies are cookies that disappear from your computer or browser when you turn off your computer.
Persistent cookies stay on your computer even after you’ve turned it off.
You can turn off your web browser’s ability to accept cookies.
But, if you do that, certain parts of the Twilio Site or account portal may not work for you.Cookie TypeDescriptionManagement SettingsRequired cookiesRequired cookies make it possible for you to access our account portal, navigate within the portal, and access information related to your account.
Each time you log into the account portal, a cookie containing an encrypted, unique identifier that is tied to your account is placed on your browser.
These cookies allow Twilio to uniquely identify you when you are logged into the account portal and to process your online transactions and requests.Required cookies are necessary to operate the account portal, so you can’t opt out of them.Functionality cookiesFunctionality cookies allow the Twilio Site and account portal to remember information you have entered or preferences you select, and provide enhanced, more personal features.
These cookies allow you to optimize your use of Twilio’s account portal after logging in.
These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customize.You can use your browser settings to opt out of functionality cookies.
For more information on how to do that, click here.
Note that opting out may affect the functionality of our Site or account portal for you.We may use Flash cookies to store preferences you set inside your Twilio Account.To manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, click here.Performance cookiesThese cookies collect data about how visitors use the Twilio Site.
This includes data like which pages visitors go to the most.
These cookies don’t collect information that individually identifies visitors.
The data these cookies collect is aggregated and intended to be anonymous and used to improve how the site functions and performs.You can use your browser settings to opt out of performance cookies.
For more information on how to do that, click here.We may also have third party service providers help us track and analyze usage and volume statistical information from individuals who visit our Site.
Or, we may use Flash cookies for this.
Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored.To manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, click here.Third party service providers that currently place performance cookies include:Crazy Egg - Used to help analyze website page performance.To opt-out of Crazy Egg tracking technologies, click here.KissInsights - This tracking technology is placed by Qualaroo, a service provider we use for customer surveys and analytics about our website.For information about Qualaroo’s privacy policy, click here.Google Analytics - We use Google Analytics to help analyze which pages on the Twilio Site visitors to the site viewed.For information on how to opt-out of tracking technologies from Google Analytics, click here.Heap Analytics - We use Heap Analytics to help analyze visitor behavior on our Twilio Site and account portal.For information on Heap Analytics’ privacy policy, click here.Hubspot – we use Hubspot to manage contact forms and the web store for our subsidiary, Electric Imp.For more information about how to opt-out of tracking technologies from Hubspot, click here.LinkedIn Insights - We use LinkedIn Analytics to help analyze how visitors from LinkedIn interact with our website.For information on LinkedIn’s privacy policy, click here.Sift Science – We use Sift Science to help prevent fraud.For information on Sift Science’s privacy policy, click here.Twitter Analytics – We use Twitter Analytics to help analyze which pages on the site visitors from Twitter to the site viewed.For information on how to opt-out of tracking technologies from Twitter Analytics, click here.Adobe Typekit – We use Typekit to enhance our Twilio Site typography.
Adobe uses cookies to track usage statistics.For information on Adobe Typekit’s privacy policy, click here.The above list of third party service providers that place cookies is subject to change and list may not include all such providers at any given time.Targeting or Advertising cookiesTwilio may have third party service providers track and analyze usage and volume statistical information from those who visit our Twilio Site.
Twilio sometimes uses cookies placed by its third party service providers to track the performance of our advertisements.
For example, these cookies remember which browsers have visited the Twilio Site.
This data given to the third party service providers does not include information that identifies you specifically, but this data may be re-associated with information that identifies you specifically after Twilio receives it.To learn more about how to opt out of targeting and advertising cookies, you can go to the Your Online Choices page, the Network Advertising Initiative page, and the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Consumer Choice page.
These opt-out tools are provided by third parties, not Twilio.
We do not control or operate these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools.Twilio also uses third-party advertising networks that collect IP addresses and other data from web beacons (see below) on the Twilio Site, from emails, and on third-party websites.
Ad networks follow your online activities over time through automated means, such as cookies and web beacons.
They use this data to provide ads about products and services tailored to your interests.
You may see these ads on other websites.
This helps us manage and track the effectiveness of our marketing.From time to time, Twilio works with third parties to provide certain features on our Twilio Site or to display ads based upon your web browsing activity.
These third parties may use Flash cookies to collect and store data.To manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, click here.Below are third parties that currently place tracking technologies on the Twilio Site.AppNexus - We use AppNexus to track how you use the Twilio Site to help us target ads to you on other websites.For information on how to opt-out of AppNexus tracking technologies, click here.DoubleClick - We use DoubleClick to track how you use the Twilio Site to help us target ads to you on other websites.For information on how to opt-out of DoubleClick tracking technologies, click here.Marketo - We use Marketo for lead management and marketing automation.
For information on how to opt-out of Marketo tracking technologies, click here.
Eloqua - We use Eloqua for marketing automation and lead management.For information on how to opt-out of Eloqua tracking technologies, click here.Facebook Custom Audience - We use Facebook Custom Audience to track how you use the Twilio Site and target ads to you on Facebook.For information on how to opt-out of Facebook Custom Audience tracking technologies, click here.Google Adwords Conversion - We use Google Adwords Conversion to track our support conversion metrics for our search engine marketing campaigns.For more information on opting out of Google advertising tracking technologies, click here.Google Dynamic Remarketing - We use Google Dynamic Remarketing to target search engine marketing to users of the Google search engineFor more information on opting out of Google advertising tracking technologies, click here.Google Tag Manager - We use Google Tag Manager to dynamically manage how and when all marketing cookie scripts are included or excluded from pages.For more information on opting out of Google advertising tracking technologies, click here.Quantcast - We use Quantcast to track how you use the Twilio Site and target ads to you on other websites.For information on how to opt-out of Quantcast tracking technologies, click here.LinkedIn Ads - We use LinkedIn Ads to to track how you use the Twilio Site and target ads to you on LinkedIn.For information on how to opt-out of LinkedIn Ads advertising tracking technologies, click here.LinkedIn Marketing Solutions - We use LinkedIn Marketing Solutions to track how you use the Twilio Site and target ads to you on LinkedIn.For information on how to opt-out of LinkedIn Marketing Solutions advertising tracking technologies, click here.LiveRamp - We use LiveRamp to track how you use the Twilio Site to help us target ads to you on other websites.For more information on opting out of LiveRamp tracking technologies, click here.Marin Search Marketer - We use the Marin Search Marketer help track the success of search engine marketing campaigns.For information on opting out of Marin Search Marketer tracking technologies, click here.PerfectAudience - We use PerfectAudience to track how you use the Twilio Site to help us target ads to you on other websites.For information on opting out of PerfectAudience tracking technologies, click here.Twitter Advertising - We use Twitter Advertising to track the success of and target social ads placed on twitter.com.For information on opting-out of Twitter Advertising tracking technologies, click here.The above list of third party service providers that place cookies is subject to change and the above list may not include all such providers at any given time.What’s a Web Beacon?We use web beacons along with cookies to gather data about use of the Twilio Site and account portal and interaction with emails from Twilio.
Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of data on your computer, like cookies, when you viewed a particular website tied to the web beacon, and a description of a website tied to the web beacon.
For example, we may put web beacons in marketing emails that notify us when you click on a link in the email that directs you to the Twilio Site or one of its pages.
We use web beacons to operate and improve the Twilio Site and email communications.What We Do With IP AddressesWhen you visit the Twilio Site, account portal, or use our products and services, like our APIs, we collect your IP addresses to track and analyze information about the devices that are connecting to our systems and about where those devices are located.
For example, we use IP addresses to track which regions visitors to our Twilio Site or Customers logging into our account portal come from and to detect possible fraud.How We Treat Do Not Track Signals/California Do Not Track DisclosureVarious browsers allow a “do not track” (DNT) setting that relies on a technology known as a DNT header, which sends a signal to websites visited by the individual about the individual’s browser DNT setting.
At this time, there is no general agreement on how companies like Twilio should interpret Do Not Track signals.
Therefore, Twilio does not currently commit to respond to DNT signals, whether that signal is received on a computer or on a mobile device.
Twilio does, however provide meaningful choices to you about the information that is collected through cookies and web beacons through the various opt-out options set forth above.
We will continue to monitor developments around DNT browser technology and the implementation of a standard.How you contact usYou may contact via email at privacy@twilio.com.
Or, you may write to us at the address listed below.
Twilio Inc.
375 Beale Street, Suite 300San Francisco, CA 94105
