
This document describes Seravo Ltd’s (“Seravo”, “we”) privacy practices as a controller.
This Privacy Notice may concern You if any of the following applies:

You are a direct customer of Seravo
You are a registered user on any of Seravo Ltd’s websites
You are a visitor on any of Seravo Ltd’s websites
 Controller’s contact details Seravo LtdCompany ID: 2392019-2Location: Tampere, FinlandE-mail address: info@seravo.comPhone: +358 44 777 0020
Seravo Ltd complies with Finland’s Personal Data Act (523/1999) and European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR, 2016/679) or with other applicable and valid data protection legislation. Personal data processed We collect two types of data from our Users: user data and technical data.
User data about You is collected in three scenarios: 1) You buy services from Seravo, 2) You have registered to one of Seravo’s websites or 3) You have given consent to collect and process your personal data.
In the most typical scenario we collect basic contact information (including, but not limited to, name, phone number, email address).
If You represent an individual instead of a company, the following additional personal data is collected: 1) social id 2) billing address.
Technical data is collected when You visit any of Seravo’s websites.
The personal data collected is typical web server log data (for example: ip address, web browser and URL).
We do not use technical data to identify any user unless at least one of the following applies:

we have a legal obligation to identify the user
we have strong evidence that the user has gained or attempted to gain unauthorized access to our systems, including, but not limited to, websites and servers
 Cookies We use a third party service Google Analytics to collect user data and details about user behaviour patterns on our websites.
We process the data to gather basic information such as amounts of visitors on different parts of our sites.
We do not, and we do not allow Google, to try to identify the user from this data.
We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience.
Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users experience (e.g.
how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback.
Hotjar uses cookies and other technologiesto collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices (in particular device’s IP address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website).
Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile.
Neither Hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user.
For further details, please see Hotjar’s privacy policy by clicking on this link.
We use Facebook Business Tools to collect data from our Website visitors and improve the delivery of our advertisements on Facebook.
More information on this method can be found on Facebook Pixels.
You can opt-out to the creation of a user profile, Hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our site and Hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this opt-out link.

We use cookies for various reasons.
You can read more about our usage of cookies on our Cookies page.
We DO NOT collect personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation. Purposes and legitimate grounds for processing Purposes Seravo has many purposes for processing personal data.
Seravo processes personal data for managing relationships with customers, controlling and monitoring payments and transfers, managing and developing our customer service, protecting our customers and meeting legal obligations.
In the first place we process personal data to be able to provide our services to our customers.
For example we process relevant personal data when customer service is contacted to make customer’s experience better.
This is always done by one of Seravo’s employees.
Personal data is not used for automatic decision-making or profiling. Legitimate grounds We process user data to perform our contractual obligations as a deliverer of our services to the customers.
In some cases the users may be requested to grant their consent for the processing of their data.
In such case they can withdraw their consent at any time.
We process technical data to protect our and our users’ personal data and intellectual property and to surveil illegal activies (such as data breaches). Storage period User data is stored as long as at least one of the following applies:

there’s an ongoing customer relationship present between Seravo and the user
the user is registered to any of Seravo’s websites
Seravo has a legal obligation to store the data

Technical data is stored for 90 days by default. Users’ rights Right to access You have the right to receive Your personal data in a structured, commonly-used, machine readable format without unreasonable delay. Right to withdraw consent If the data processing is based on Your consent, You may withdraw the consent at any time.
Withdrawing the consent may affect how we can provide our services to You. Right to correct You have the right to have missing or incorrect personal data about yourself corrected or completed. Right to deletion You have the right to request a deletion of your personal data.
Upon such request we will delete all personal data, for which we don’t have a legitimate ground to keep, about You.
We may not be able to remove everything immediately, but we will comply with such requests without unreasonable delay.
Deleting all personal data may affect how we can provide our services to You. Right to object You have the right to object any type of processing of personal data unless Seravo has a legal obligation or right to process the data.
Example: Seravo might preserve the right to process user’s personal data if the user hasn’t paid the bills.
Depending on the type of processing, objecting the processing of personal data may affect how we can provide our services to You. Right to data portability You have the right to receive your personal data in a structured, commonly-used, machine readable format without unreasonable delay.
You have the right to transfer this data freely. How to use the rights The rights mentioned above may be used by sending us email to the address listed in “Controller’s contact details”.
Please provide following information about yourself: full name, email address, company name (if applicable), phone number.
We may ask You for additional information to verify Your identity or to ensure that our actions match Your request.
