



RSI
Productivity
Serenade Pro
Learn
Company
Blog
Solutions
 Repetitive strain injuriesAlleviate pain caused by carpal tunnel, tendonitis, and more by enabling you to writing code without a keyboard and mouse.

 Development velocityImprove your coding productivity by using voice commands to abstract code manipulations and automate your workflow.

 Closed-source projectsUpgrade to Serenade Pro for on-device speech recognition suitable for use with enterprise projects.

Learn
 GuidesBrowse interactive examples to walk you through writing code with voice.

 DocumentationRead about everything you can do with Serenade, with examples for every language.

 CommunityChat with other developers in the Serenade community to get your questions answered, give feedback, and share ideas.

 1-on-1 HelpSchedule a screen-sharing session with the Serenade team to learn about integrating voice coding with your workflow.

Company
Blog
 AnnouncementsRead about new Serenade features and platforms.

 ChangelogLearn more about all of the changes in each Serenade release.

 RoadmapSee what we're working on next.



Download
Privacy PolicyDate of Last Revision: November 23rd, 2020
Welcome to the website (the “Site”) of Serenade Labs, Inc.
(“Serenade,” “Serenade.ai,” “we,” “us,” or “our”).
Serenade provides technology that enables end-users to write computer code by speaking (collectively, including the Site and any related desktop applications, the “Service”).
This Privacy Policy explains what Personal Data (defined below) we collect, how we use and share that data, and your choices concerning our data practices.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and forms part of our Terms of Service.
Before using the Service or submitting any Personal Data to Serenade, please review this Privacy Policy carefully and contact us if you have any questions.
By using the Service, you agree to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not access the Site or otherwise use the Service.Personal Data We CollectWe collect information that alone or in combination with other information in our possession could be used to identify you (“Personal Data”) as follows:

Personal Data You Provide: We collect the following categories of Personal Data from you when you visit the site, use the Service, and enter data on the “download” and “contact us” pages.


Identification Data: We collect your name and email address.
In addition, we may have access to your Personal Data if such data is included in any audio files collected when using Serenade Cloud.

Financial Data: Our payment processor Stripe, Inc.
(“Stripe”) collects the financial information necessary to process your payments for the Service.
Accordingly, in addition to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, your Financial Data is also processed pursuant to Stripe’s services agreement and privacy policy.

Biometric Data: When using Serenade Cloud, we may collect your voice patterns.
When using Serenade Pro, no biometric data is collected.

Communication Data: We may collect information when you contact us with questions or concerns and when you voluntarily respond to questionnaires, surveys or requests for market research seeking your opinion and feedback.
Providing communication data is optional to you.

Commercial Data: We may retain a history of the products you browse and/or purchase using the Service.

Social Media Data: We have pages on social media sites like Instagram, Facebook, Medium, Twitter, and LinkedIn (“Social Media Pages”).
When you interact with our Social Media Pages, we may collect Personal Data that you elect to provide to us, such as your contact details.
In addition, the companies that host our Social Media Pages may provide us with aggregate information and analytics regarding the use of our Social Media Pages.


Internet Activity Data: When you visit, use, and interact with the Service, we may receive certain information about your visit, use, or interactions.
For example, we may monitor the number of people that visit the Service, peak hours of visits, which page(s) are visited, the domains our visitors come from (e.g., google.com, yahoo.com, etc.), and which browsers people use to access the Service (e.g., Chrome, Firefox, Microsoft Internet Explorer, etc.), broad geographical information, and navigation pattern.
In particular, the following information is created and automatically logged in our systems:


Log Data: Information that your browser automatically sends whenever you visit the Site.
Log Data includes your Internet Protocol address, browser type and settings, the date and time of your request, and how you interacted with the Site.

Cookies Data: Please see the “Cookies” section below to learn more about how we use cookies.

Device Data: Includes name of the device, operating system, and browser you are using.
Information collected may depend on the type of device you use and its settings.

Usage Data: We collect information about how you use our Service, such as the types of content that you view or engage with, the features you use, the actions you take, and the time, frequency, and duration of your activities.
When using Serenade Pro, no data pertaining to your audio data or source code is collected.

Location Data: We derive a rough estimate of your location from your IP address.

Email Open/Click Data: We use pixels in our email campaigns that allow us to collect your email and IP address as well as the date and time you open an email or click on any links in the email.


Cookies: We use cookies to operate and administer our Site, gather usage data on our Site, and improve your experience on it.
A “cookie” is a piece of information sent to your browser by a website you visit.
Cookies can be stored on your computer for different periods of time.
Some cookies expire after a certain amount of time, or upon logging out (session cookies), others survive after your browser is closed until a defined expiration date set in the cookie (as determined by the third party placing it), and help recognize your computer when you open your browser and browse the Internet again (persistent cookies).
For more details on cookies please visit All About Cookies.
On most web browsers, you will find a “help” section on the toolbar.
Please refer to this section for information on how to receive a notification when you are receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off.
Please see the links below for guidance on how to modify your web browser’s settings on the most popular browsers:

Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Google Chrome
Apple Safari

Please note that if you limit the ability of websites to set cookies, you may be unable to access certain parts of the Site and you may not be able to benefit from the full functionality of the Site.
Advertising networks may use cookies to collect Personal Data.
Most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of targeted advertising.
If you would like to find out more information, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s online resources at http://www.networkadvertising.org and follow the opt-out instructions there.
If you access the Site on your mobile device, you may not be able to control tracking technologies through the settings.

Analytics: We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.
(“Google”).
Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how users use the Site and enhance your experience when you use the Site.
For more information on how Google uses this data, go to www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.

Online Tracking and Do Not Track Signals: We and our third party service providers, including Facebook, may use cookies, pixels, or other tracking technologies to collect information about your browsing activities over time and across different websites following your use of the Site.
Our Site currently does not respond to “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) signals and operates as described in this Privacy Policy whether or not a DNT signal is received.
If we do respond to DNT signals in the future, we will update this Privacy Policy to describe how we do so.How We Use Personal DataWe may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

To provide the Service;
To respond to your inquiries, comments, feedback, or questions;
To send administrative information to you, for example, information regarding the Service and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies;
To analyze how you interact with our Service;
To maintain and improve the Service;
To develop new products and services;
To prevent fraud, criminal activity, or misuses of our Service, and to ensure the security of our IT systems, architecture, and networks.
and
To comply with legal obligations and legal process and to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or other third parties.


Aggregated Information.
We may aggregate Personal Data and use the aggregated information to analyze the effectiveness of our Service, to improve and add features to our Service, and for other similar purposes.
In addition, from time to time, we may analyze the general behavior and characteristics of users of our Service and share aggregated information like general user statistics with prospective business partners.
We may collect aggregated information through the Service, through cookies, and through other means described in this Privacy Policy.

Marketing.
We may use your Personal Data to contact you to tell you about products or services we believe may be of interest to you.
For instance, if you elect to provide your email or telephone number, we may use that information to send you special offers.
You may opt out of receiving emails by following the instructions contained in each promotional email we send you.
You can also control the marketing emails and/or text messages you receive by updating your settings through your account.
In addition, if at any time you do not wish to receive future marketing communications, you may contact us.
If you unsubscribe from our marketing lists, you will no longer receive marketing communications but we will continue to contact you regarding management of your account, other administrative matters, and to respond to your requests.Sharing and Disclosure of Personal DataSerenade does not sell your Personal Data.
In certain circumstances we may share the categories of Personal Data described above without further notice to you, unless required by the law, with the following categories of third parties:


Vendors and Service Providers: To assist us in meeting business operations needs and to perform certain services and functions, we may share Personal Data with vendors and service providers.

Business Transfers: If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of all or a portion of our assets, or transition of service to another provider (collectively a “Transaction”), your Personal Data and other information may be shared in the diligence process with counterparties and others assisting with the Transaction and transferred to a successor or affiliate as part of that Transaction along with other assets.

Legal Requirements: If required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, (ii) protect and defend our rights or property, (iii) prevent fraud, (iv) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Service, or the public, or (v) protect against legal liability.

Affiliates: We may share Personal Data with our affiliates, meaning an entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with Serenade.
Our affiliates may use the Personal Data we share in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Data RetentionWe keep Personal Data for as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, while we have a business need to do so, or as required by law (e.g.
for tax, legal, accounting, or other purposes), whichever is longer.Update Your InformationPlease log in to your account or contact us if you need to change or correct your Personal Data.ChildrenOur Service is not directed to children who are under the age of 16.
Serenade.ai does not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 16.
If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 16 has provided Personal Data to Serenade.ai through the Service please contact us and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.No Health InformationOur Service is not intended to be used with for purposes for which compliance with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”) is required.
You expressly agree not to share any “Protected Health Information” that is subject to HIPAA with us through the ServiceLinks to Other WebsitesThe Service may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by Serenade.ai, including social media services (“Third Party Sites”).
The information that you share with Third Party Sites will be governed by the specific privacy policies and terms of service of the Third Party Sites and not by this Privacy Policy.
By providing these links we do not imply that we endorse or have reviewed these sites.
Please contact the Third Party Sites directly for information on their privacy practices and policies.SecurityYou use the Service at your own risk.
We implement commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and organizational measures to protect Personal Data both online and offline from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free.
In particular, e-mail sent to or from us may not be secure.
Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via the Service or e-mail.
Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Data to Serenade.ai via the Internet.
In addition, we are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Service, or third party websites.International UsersBy using our Service, you understand and acknowledge that your Personal Data will be transferred from your location to our facilities and servers in the United States.Your ChoicesIn certain circumstances providing Personal Data is optional.
However, if you choose not to provide Personal Data that is needed to use some features of our Service, you may be unable to use those features.
You can also contact us to ask us to update or correct your Personal Data.
You may also delete your account.
Please note that we will need to verify that you have the authority to delete the account and certain activity generated prior to deletion may remain stored by us and may be shared with third parties as detailed in this Privacy Policy.Changes to the Privacy PolicyThe Service and our business may change from time to time.
As a result we may change this Privacy Policy at any time.
When we do we will post an updated version on this page, unless another type of notice is required by the applicable law.
By continuing to use our Service or providing us with Personal Data after we have posted an updated Privacy Policy, or notified you by other means if applicable, you consent to the revised Privacy Policy and practices described in it.Contact usIf you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or information practices, please feel free to contact us at our designated request address: contact@serenade.ai
DownloadLearnCompanyCommunityTerms of ServicePrivacy PolicyContact




© 2021 Serenade Labs, Inc.
      