
        Terms of Service These terms of service govern your access to the Server.pro website and all other services offered by Server Pro Sweden AB ("Server.pro", "We" or "Us").
We will never ask for your account password.
Keep it safe and do not give your password to anyone you don't trust.
We always try to deliver the best service possible but we cannot guarantee that the services offered are always available and/or working as intended.
We take no responsibility or liability for any damages, direct or indirect, caused by the usage of any of the services offered by Server.pro.
A cancellation or closure of your account will result in immediate inability to use any of the services offered by Server.pro, including but not limited to.
the Server.pro website as well as all servers associated with your account.
If any hacking, offensive or illegal activity is found we reserve the right to close your account.
Any kind of chargeback or fund withdrawal will result in the associated account being closed.
We reserve the right to proactively close any accounts that show behavior linked to or associated with fraud.
If you are under the age of majority in your country you may only purchase any of the services or goods offered by Server.pro with the involvement of your parent or guardian.
Make sure you review these Terms with your parent or guardian so that you both understand all of your rights and responsibilities.

You may not resell any services or content offered by Server.pro.
Purchases made with paypal or credit / debit cards can upon request be refunded within 72 hours of the transaction date.
SMS (Mobile) and prepaid card payments are non refundable.
All types of donations (i.e.
purchases made to another user's account via the "server page") are non refundable.
Server.pro is not affiliated with Minecraft, Mojang AB and/or Notch Development AB.
All brands and trademarks belong to their respective owners.
Your registration details may be passed to Paymentwall that provides payment processing services, in order for Paymentwall to better protect service and end-users from unauthorized payments.
When making a purchase from Server.pro you certify that you are, at the time of the purchase, located in Germany.
The terms and conditions may be updated at any time so please ensure that you review it regularly as you will accept any variations if you continue to use any of the services offered by Server.pro. Subscriptions If you bind your card, either at your account settings or when creating a server, your card will be automatically billed for server renewals.


Every server is billed individually, unless cancelled, for another month at the end of the monthly period.
You can at any time unbind your card by clicking "Unbind" at account settings.
You can also cancel renewals for specific servers at "Configuration" which can be reached from "My Servers".
If you do not wish to use automatic billing you can instead add balance to your account.
Account balance charges are non-recurring, one-time charges.
To renew servers without binding a card you will need to manually top up your account balance before the monthly period ends. Minecraft In order to rent a minecraft server you must agree to the Minecraft EULA ( https://account.mojang.com/documents/minecraft_eula ). Privacy Policy The only personally identifiable information we collect is your email address upon registration and your IP address.
We only use your information to enable you to use the services that Server.pro offer.
We do not share your information to marketers or unaffiliated third parties.
If you want your account deleted and personal data erased you can send a request to our support.
Due to anti-fraud reasons we reserve the right to reject your request for data erasure if you have recent purchases with us.
Please refer to Recital 47 of the EU GDPR law for more information.
Our service does not address anyone under the age of 13.
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13.
If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal data, please contact us.
If we become aware that we have collected personal data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers. Cookies We only store cookie data that is essential for site operation.
