
         Intro What is a cookie? Why does Setapp use cookies? How to disable cookies Types of cookies Setapp uses Cookies subject to change Updating this Policy Contact us In the spirit of transparency, this Cookie Policy (“Policy”) provides detailed information about why, how, and when we use cookies on our Site, Software, and/or Services, as defined in our Terms of Service.
What is a cookie? A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard drive by a web page server.
Cookies contain information that can later be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
Some of the cookies will only be used if you use certain features or select certain preferences, and some cookies are essential to the Site, Software, and/or Services, and will always be used.
Web beacons, tags, and scripts may be used in the Site or in emails to help us deliver cookies and count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness, and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon.
We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by our service/analytics providers (for example, Google Analytics) on an individual and aggregated basis.
Why does Setapp use cookies? Setapp and our marketing partners, affiliates, and analytics or service providers use cookies and other technologies to ensure everyone who uses the Site, Software, and/or Services has the best possible experience.
For example, when you use our Site, we may place a number of cookies in your browser.
We use these cookies to enable us to hold session information as you navigate from page to page within the Site, improve your experience, and track and analyze usage and other statistical information.
If you elect not to activate the cookie or to later disable cookies, you may still visit our Site, and use our Software or Services, but your ability to use some features or areas of those offerings may be limited.
How to disable cookies You can generally activate or later deactivate the use of cookies through a functionality built into your web browser.
To learn more about how to control cookie settings through your browser: 
 Click here to learn more about managing cookie settings in Mozilla Firefox.

 Click here to learn more about managing cookie settings in Google Chrome.

 Click here to learn more about managing cookie settings in Microsoft Internet Explorer.

 Click here to learn more about managing cookie settings in Safari.

 Click here to learn more about managing cookie settings in Microsoft Edge.

 If you want to learn more about cookies or how to control, disable, or delete them, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org for detailed guidance.
In addition, certain third-party advertising networks, including Google, permit users to opt out of or customize preferences associated with your Internet browsing.
To learn more about this feature from Google, click here.
Types of cookies Setapp uses Many jurisdictions require or recommend that website operators inform users/visitors as to the nature of cookies they utilize and, in certain circumstances, obtain the consent of their users to the placement of certain cookies.
Each cookie used by Setapp falls within one of the following categories: 
 Essential cookies Essential cookies (First-Party Cookies) are sometimes called “strictly necessary,” as without them we cannot provide many services that you need.
For example, essential cookies help us to identify your account and remember your preferences as you use our Site, Software, and/or Services.

 Analytics cookies These cookies track information about your visits and usage of the Site, Software, and/or Services so that we can make improvements and report our performance — for example, to analyze visitor and user behavior so as to provide more relevant content or suggest certain activities.
We might also use analytics cookies to test new ads, pages, or features to see how users react to them.
Google Analytics is the main technology we currently use in this regard.
To learn more about Google Analytics and your privacy, visit the “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps” page at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics when using our website, visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

 Functionality or preference cookies During your visit to the Site, or while you use our Software or Services, cookies are used to remember information you have entered or choices you make (such as your username, language, or your region).
They also store your preferences when personalizing the Site, Software, and/or Services to optimize your use of Setapp (for example, your preferred language).
These preferences are remembered through the use of persistent cookies, and the next time you visit the Site or use our Software and/or Services, you will not have to set them again.

 Targeting or advertising cookies These Third-Party Cookies are placed by third-party advertising platforms or networks in order to deliver ads and track ad performance, or enable advertising networks to deliver ads that may be relevant to you based upon your activities (this is sometimes called “behavioral tracking” or “targeted” advertising) on the Site.
They may subsequently use information about your visit to target you with advertising that you may be interested in on the Site and other websites.
You can opt out of interest-based targeting provided by participating ad servers through the Digital Advertising Alliance (http://youradchoices.com).

 Social media cookies The Site includes third-party social media features, such as the Facebook Like button, and third-party widgets, such as the ‘Share This’ button or interactive mini-programs that run on the Site.
These features may collect your IP address and which page you are visiting on the Site, as well as set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
Your interaction with these features is governed by the privacy policy of the third-party company providing it.
Here are some examples of third-party social media features that we use, and their privacy policies: 
 Facebook Privacy Policy 
 YouTube Privacy Policy 
 Twitter Privacy Policy 
 LinkedIn Privacy Policy 


 Cookies subject to change The content of this Policy is for your general information and use only.
You acknowledge that this information may contain inaccuracies or errors and is subject to change, and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Updating this Policy If there are any material changes to this Policy, you will be notified by the posting of a prominent notice on our Site prior to the change becoming effective.
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on the Policy.
Your continued use of the Site, Software, and/or Services constitutes your agreement to be bound by such changes to this Policy.
Your only remedy, if you do not accept the terms of this Policy, is to discontinue use of and access to the Site, Software, and/or Services.
Contact us If you have any questions regarding this Policy or how Setapp uses cookies, you may contact us by submitting a help desk request here or by e-mailing: support@setapp.com 
      