
        This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn moreGot it! 


For Publishers
Header Bidding Wrapper
Header Bidding SaaS


For Advertisers
Resources
Ad Formats
Blog
Webinars
FAQ


About
Our Story
Careers
Contact


LOG IN
EN
ES
HU


 Privacy Policy Setupad handles all data responsibly.
Want to know more? This Privacy Notice explains the types of information we collect and how we use, disclose and store this information while providing advertising services for clients of SIA Setupad.
1.
Our services Setupad is an yield management platform.
Setupad develops and operates header-bidding technology.
We collect and store Personal Information that you provide directly to us through the Website during the registration process or otherwise in connection with your use of our Website.
We require registration at Setupad from everybody who wants to gain access to the platform and use its features.
The registration process presupposes providing personal information, including full name, contact details.
When you choose to provide us with your Personal Information you consent to the use of your Personal Information as identified in this Policy and as may be further identified at the time of collection.
You can choose not to provide us with your Personal Information, but in that event, we may not be able to provide you with full use of the Website or Services.
2.
Data we collect The following data and information may be collected from a user: - activity on the website; - IP address; - date and time of the visit; - device and browser information; - geographic info, based on IP address (to the city level); - served ads data; -data, relieved from other digital advertising networks -hashed email address - User ID assigned in our system.
This data is used in a non personally identifiable way for the purpose of ad serving operations only.
3.
Information sharing Setupad does not share raw collected information to any third party.
4.
Cookies Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
Using cookies is common and prevalent practice in the ad industry.
The following types of cookies may be employed by Setupad:
– cookies necessary for proper web site operation (e.g.
authorization); – cookies gathering personally non-identifiable information on how people use Setupad and tracking performance; – option and functionality choices storage to provide users with customized and relevant experience; – targeting and advertising data cookies for the purpose of advertising campaign tracking, serving targeted relevant ads and interest-based advertising.
5.
Cookie removal Cookies can be removed using privacy preferences in user's browser or application or using general system privacy settings (such as available in Android operating system, for instance).
After that Setupad will not be able to serve relevant targeted advertising and will continue serving general non-personalized ads.
Please refer to browser instructions to decline the saving of cookies:
Chrome: https://support.google.com
FireFox: https://support.mozilla.org
Safari: https://support.apple.com
Internet Explorer: http://windows.microsoft.com
Declining of cookie saving can affect normal site operation.
For changing privacy settings on mobile devices please refer to the following instructions:
Android: https://support.google.com
iOS: https://support.apple.com
 6.
Security Setupad applies reasonable measures to protect the collected data against accidental or unlawful destruction and loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure, processing or access.
Setupad is a member of Interactive Advertising Bureau and complies with its highest industry standards on digital advertising, including user's privacy protection best practices.
7.
Final terms By using our Website you agree to the terms and conditions set out in this Privacy Policy. For any questions or concerns regarding the Privacy Policy and use of the Website, please contact Setupad at this email address: contact@setupad.com.
Products
Header Bidding Wrapper
Header Bidding SaaS
Learn
Blog
Webinars
FAQ
About
 Referral Program 
 Privacy Policy 
 Careers 
 About Us 
Contact
Strēlnieku iela 8 - 40, Riga, Latvia, LV-1010,  contact@setupad.com
Antakalnio str.
17, "Vilnius Tech Park" - building Nr.12, LT-10312, Vilnius, Lithuania
Socials © 2013 - 2022 Setupad.com SETUPAD Inc.
All Rights reserved.

      