

support@senordinero.com
|
+1 844 9346376


 Home 
 About Us 
 Contact Us 
 Legal 
 FAQ 
 Privacy Policy 
Home
/ &nbsp.
Legal
/ &nbsp.
Privacy
 PRIVACY POLICY 
Purpose
This Website
Information that the company collects
How the Company uses and shares your information
Your consent
Information access and your choices
Account Closure
Notice of furnishing negative information
Email, communications and telemarketing
Information security
Legal matters

The Privacy Policy explains the terms under which we may use the information we obtain from you, including your rights and our commitments.
This privacy policy (the “Policy”) stated below is intended to replace and supersede any privacy
policy previously delivered to you or appearing on our website, any transaction agreement,
application, loan document or any other document previously delivered to you.
If there are conflicts
between this Policy and any other policy, we have delivered to you, the terms of this Policy shall
control until revised.
We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are
significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email
notification of privacy policy changes).
Please be sure to review
The Terms and Condition of the Use of this Website.
This notice provides important information about the way we
collect, share, and protect your information.
This privacy policy applies to anyone who applies for
or uses our products or services, or visits our websites, including, but not limited to, current and
former users.
This statement shall describe our sharing practices when you become a user of the
website.
Purpose
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to describe how we collect, uses and share
information about you through our interfaces (e.g., websites and mobile applications) owned and
controlled by us, including this website accessed through any URL provided by us or any third party
(collectively referred to herein as the “Website”).
Please read this notice carefully to understand
what we do.
If you do not understand any aspects of our Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact
us at support@crediterium.com.
This Website
This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect at and through the Website.
Our Website
may also contain links to third party sites that are not owned or controlled by us.
and we are not
responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
Please be on notice that when you leave
our Website you should review the privacy statements of each and every website that collects
personal information.
Please note that your use of our Website is also subject to our Terms and
Condition.
Information that the company collects
We collect personal identifiable information (“PII”), including, but not limited to, non-public
personal information that you provided as well as other types of personally identifiable information
from you and from other sources as described herein which may include your name, address, telephone
number, email address, social security number, date of birth, employment information, your bank
account information, etc.
(collectively, “Your Information”).
Our primary goal in collecting your
Information is to personalize and improve your customer experience with us.
In addition, we
use Your Information to accommodate and assist in your request to access to direct lenders and third
party service providers for products and services you are or may be interested in.
This may include
sharing Your Information with non-affiliated third parties.
Please note that third parties that
receive Your Information maintain their own privacy policies and policies regarding information
sharing and you should contact those third parties directly regarding their policies and to limit
their sharing of Your Information.
In addition, We collect and/or track the following types of information: (i) Information we receive
from you on applications or other forms, such as transaction documents, bank statements, employment
verification forms, sales documents, online forms, e-mails, registration forms, surveys, or other
documents or submissions related to the products and services we provide, including your name,
address, telephone number, social security number, driver’s license number, email address,
employment information, demographic information, bank account information, and information about
your assets, debts and income, (ii) information about your transactions with us, our affiliates such
as your account history, transaction balances, payment history, overdraft history, parties to
transactions, and your reasons for doing business with us.
(iii) information we receive from third
parties, such as consumer reporting agencies and other lenders, regarding your credit worthiness and
credit history, and to verify your identity.
(iv) information we obtain to verify representations
made by you, such as your employment history or income.
(v) Information obtained from home server
domain names, IP address, type of client computer, and type of Web browser.
vi) Information you
provides via email, documents or online application or to any representatives.
Information You Provide to Us.
We collect information you provide to us, for example when you create
or modify your account, register to use our Website, purchase products or services from us, request
information from us, contact customer support, or otherwise communicate with us.
This information
may include: Name.
Home address.
Email address.
Home, work.
and mobile telephone numbers.
Credit
card number.
Bank and/or other account numbers.
Date of Birth.
Social Security Number.
Driver’s
License or other national, state, or government ID numbers.
and Salary and other financial
information.
If information is provided to a third-party website, it may be collected by us.
Information We Collect Automatically.
Location Information and Your Internet Protocol (IP) address.
Information We Collect Through Your Use of our Website: Google Analytics We may use Google Analytics
or a similar service which is web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.
(“Google”) to collect
certain information relating to your use of the Website.
Google Analytics uses “cookies”.
These can
be text files placed on your computer, to help the Website analyze how users use the site.
For more
information on what information Google collects and how is it used, please visit
Google Privacy &amp.
Terms.
We may also use
Google Analytics Advertising Features to provide you with interest-based advertising based on your
online activity.
For more information regarding Google Analytics please visit Google’s website, and
pages that describe Google Analytics, such as https://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html.
Information Collected Through Cookies and Similar Technologies We and our service providers may use
cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to receive and store certain types of information
whenever you interact with our Website through your computer or mobile device.
A cookie is a small
file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website.
When
you visit the Website again, the cookie allows the Website to recognize your browser.
Cookies may
store unique identifiers, user preferences and other information.
You can reset your browser to
refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
However, some Website features or
services may not function properly without cookies.
We use cookies to improve the quality of our
service, including for storing user preferences, tracking user trends, identify and prevent fraud.
and providing relevant advertising to you.
No Information From Children Under Age 18.
If you are under the age of 18, please do not try to
register with us at this Website or provide any personal information about yourself to us.
If we
learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 18, we will promptly
delete that information.
How the Company uses and shares your information


To Provide Products, Services, and Information.
We collect information from you so that we can
provide loan products and services that you apply for using the Website, provide information that
you request from us, and setup your online account so you can manage your account details online.
We may use your personal information to contact you about your account, evaluate your credit,
underwrite your loan, fund your loan, make payments on your loan, and to setup your online
account.
We may send you information about our products and services, and new offerings.


Credit Bureaus.
We may share your information about you and your account to credit reporting
agencies and bureaus.
This may include both on-time and late payment, missed payment, or other
defaults on your account, and this information may be reflected on your credit history and or
report.


Sharing with Third Parties.
We may provide information to third party service providers that help
us operate and manage our Website.
These service providers will have access to your personal
information in order to provide these services, but when this occurs, we implement reasonable
contractual and technical protections to limit their use of that information to helping us provide
the service.


Advertising.
We may use how you browse and shop in order to show you ads for products or services
that are more relevant to your interests.
We may use cookies and other information to provide
relevant interest-based advertising to you.
Interest-based ads are ads presented to you based on
your browsing behavior in order to provide you with ads more tailored to your interests.
These
interest-based ads may be presented to you while you are browsing our site or third-party sites
not owned by the Company.


Your consent
In addition to the sharing described elsewhere in this Policy and in your loan documents, your
personal information may be shared with companies, organizations or individuals outside of the
Company when we have your consent to do so.
Information access and your choices
You can access and update certain information we have relating to your online account by logging
into your account and accessing preference settings on the Website.
For any questions about personal
information you may have or to update your information, please contact the Company at the number or
email provided in the Contact us page.
You have the ability to
opt-out of receiving marketing and promotional e-mails from the Company by choosing the opt-out or
unsubscribe feature contained in any marketing emails we sent directly or through our partners.
Account Closure
If you have paid off your balance in full you can close your account at any time.
You can ask for
your account be closed through email, phone, U.S.
mail.
If you close your account, certain
information may be retained by the company for marketing or advertisement purposes.
Also, a copy of
the information is maintained for record keeping purposes, and to avoid identity theft or fraud.
Notice of furnishing negative information
WE MAY REPORT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR ACCOUNT TO CREDIT BUREAUS OR CREDIT REPORTING AGENCIES.
LATE
PAYMENTS, MISSED PAYMENTS, OR OTHER DEFAULTS ON YOUR ACCOUNT MAY BE REFLECTED IN YOUR CREDIT REPORT
OR OTHER REPORTS THAT CONTAIN INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR CREDIT, CREDIT HISTORY OR PAYMENT HISTORY
Email, communications and telemarketing
By registering, using or submitting Your Information on this Website, you may receive telemarketing
emails or calls on your mobile number in response to your information provided that you gave your
express consent to receive calls.
You expressly acknowledge that Company may provide Your Information
to Third Parties for promotional offers and marketing by email or telemarketing calls.
We may
advertise, directly or indirectly, to you using telephones and cell phones even if your telephone
number or cell phone number is maintained on a state or federal do not call registry.
By using our
Website, you agree that such usage and requests for products and services constitutes a purchase, an
inquiry and/or an application for purposes of the Amended Telemarketing Sales Rule, 16 CFR §310 et
seq.
(the “ATSR”) or the Telephone Consumer Protection Act as amended (TCPA).
Also, you authorized
us to contact you via telemarketing in accordance with the ATSR or TCPA.
Information security
We use industry standard physical, technical and administrative security measures and safeguards to
ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability of your personal information.
However, no measure of
security and the Internet is 100% secure, the Company does not guarantee the security of
any information you transmit to us.
It is possible that information may can be accessed, disclosed,
altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
You are
encouraged, and it is your responsibility, to protect the security of your login and password
information.
Legal matters
We will share personal information with third party companies, organizations or individuals outside
of the Company if we have a good-faith belief the disclosure, use or access to the information is
reasonably necessary to: i) Meet any applicable law, regulation, subpoena, legal process or
enforceable governmental request.
ii) Enforce applicable Terms of Use, including investigation of
potential violations., iii) prevent, discover or find out fraud, security or technical issues, or
iv) Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of the Company, our users, customers or
the public as required or permitted by law.\ Please feel free to contact us with any questions: If
you have any questions, concerns, complaints or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy or
otherwise need to contact us, please contact us at the email or number provided in the
Contact Us section of this website. Ready to get Your Loan? Apply Now! 


Privacy Policy
Terms &amp.
Conditions



