
         A brief introduction This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service.
We may be contacted at: https://shockbyte.com/contact
By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible at https://shockbyte.com/terms-of-service Personal information 
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you.
Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your name, email, phone number, postal address ("Personal Information").
Any personal information you provide on Shockbyte.com will not be given to any outside parties for any purpose.
Information that you provide is strictcly for use on Shockbyte.com.
 Log Data 
We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service ("Log Data").
This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
 Cookies 
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier.
Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive.
We use "cookies" to collect information.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
 Security 
The security of your Personal information is important to us.
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain safety of your personal information.
Some user data is stored in your browser cookies, however under no circumstance is any sensitive data is stored in your browser cookies.
All user provided data is stored in our databases (username, email, address, etc).
Any sensitive informataion (such as passwords) is encrypted or hashed.
We store your account password using a strong hash function.
This would make it very expensive (and virtually impossible) for an attacker to recover your password if they gained access to the hashes.
Private information such as credit card numbers are not stored in our database and never will be.
 Links to other websites 
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us.
If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site.
We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
 Changes to this privacy policy 
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time.
We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
 Contact us 
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.

