
         Terms of Service The rules and policies of Shoppy 
 Terms of Services 
 Privacy Policy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Short version  We collect your information only with your consent.
we only collect the minimum amount of personal information that is necessary to fulfill the purpose of your interaction with us.
we don't sell it to third parties.
and we only use it as this Privacy Policy describes.
The short version doesn't tell you everything, so please read on for more details!  Introduction  This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online.
PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context.
Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
 Your rights in relation to personal data  This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online.
PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context.
Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.

 Opt-out 
 You may opt out of marketing-related emails by following the opt-out prompt in the email, or by contacting us.
You may continue to receive service-related and other non-marketing emails 
 access 
 Provide you with information about our processing of your personal information and give you access to your personal information.

 correct 
 Update or correct inaccuracies in your personal information.

 delete 
 Delete your personal information.

 export 
 Export a machine-readable copy of your personal information that you can use with a different service.

 restrict 
 Restrict the processing of your personal information.

 object 
 Object to our reliance on our legitimate interests as the legal basis of processing your personal information if that processing adversely impacts your legal rights.

 You can submit those requests by email to support@shoppy.gg.
We may request information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request.
Applicable law may require or permit us to decline your request.
If we decline your request, we will tell you why, subject to legal restrictions.
If you would like to submit a complaint about our use of your personal information or response to your requests regarding your personal information, please contact us.
In addition, you may submit a complaint to the data protection regulator in your jurisdiction.

