
         Privacy Policy of KwikSurveys and FreeOnlineSurveys (Creators and Visitors)
 This Application collects some Personal Data from its Users.
 Personal Data collected for the following purposes and using the following services: 


 Analytics 
 Google Analytics with anonymized IP Personal Data: Cookies.
Usage Data



 Contacting the User 
 Transactional emails (this Application) 


 Data transfer outside the EU 
 Data transfer abroad based on standard contractual clauses and Data transfer to countries that guarantee European standards Personal Data: various types of Data



 Displaying content from external platforms 
 Vimeo video Personal Data: Cookies.
Usage Data

 Google Fonts Personal Data: Usage Data.
various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service



 Handling payments 
 ChargeBee and Braintree Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service



 Hosting and backend infrastructure 
 Amazon Web Services (AWS) and DigitalOcean Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service

 OVH 


 Information collection 
 Organisation profile 


 Infrastructure monitoring 
 Sentry Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service



 Location-based interactions 
 Non-continuous geolocation Personal Data: geographic position



 Managing contacts and sending messages 
 Sendgrid Personal Data: address.
company name.
Cookies.
country.
email address.
first name.
last name.
phone number.
Usage Data

 Contact management (this Application) 


 Managing support and contact requests 
 Help Scout Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service



 Registration and authentication provided directly by this Application 
 Direct registration Personal Data: email address.
first name.
last name.
profession



 Social features 
 Inviting and suggesting friends Personal Data: various types of Data

 Public profile Personal Data: email address.
picture



 SPAM protection 
 Google reCAPTCHA Personal Data: Cookies.
Usage Data



 Tag Management 
 Google Tag Manager Personal Data: Usage Data



 Traffic optimization and distribution 
 Cloudflare Personal Data: Cookies.
various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service





 Further information about Personal Data 


 The Service is not directed to children under the age of 13 Users declare themselves to be adult according to their applicable legislation.
Minors may use this Application only with the assistance of a parent or guardian.
Under no circumstance persons under the age of 13 may use this Application.

 Selling goods and services online The Personal Data collected are used to provide the User with services or to sell goods, including payment and possible delivery.
The Personal Data collected to complete the payment may include the credit card, the bank account used for the transfer, or any other means of payment envisaged.
The kind of Data collected by this Application depends on the payment system used.



 Contact information 


 Owner and Data Controller Problem Free Ltd.
Company Number: 04602671
47 Newfoundland Way, Portishead, Bristol, BS20 7FP, United Kingdom

Registered with the UK Information Commissioners Office with reference number: Z2957965

EU GDPR Representative
Dublin office tel: +353 01 554970
Support website [EU and UK]: https://eugdprrep.com
Email [EU and UK]: support@gdprteam.freshdesk.com
EU Representative Address: Instant EU Representative Ltd.
69 Esker Woods Drive, Lucan Co.
Dublin, Ireland

We ask that all communications be handled through our email support ticket system however for Californian residents only data privacy requests can be made under the CPPA using the toll free number: +1 833-527-2487.

Owner contact email: support@shout.com




 Latest update: January 01, 2021 
 iubenda hosts this content and only collects the Personal Data strictly necessary for it to be provided.
 Show the complete Privacy Policy 
      