
         Privacy Policy of Respondents only (Kwiksurveys/FreeOnlineSurveys.com)
 This Application collects some Personal Data from its Users.
 Personal Data collected for the following purposes and using the following services: 


 Contacting the User 
 Abuse reports 


 Data transfer outside the EU 
 Data transfer abroad based on standard contractual clauses and Data transfer to countries that guarantee European standards Personal Data: various types of Data



 Displaying content from external platforms 
 Google Fonts Personal Data: Usage Data.
various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service



 Hosting and backend infrastructure 
 OVH 
 DigitalOcean and Amazon Web Services (AWS) Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service



 Information collection 
 Survey/Form Response meta data (this Application) 


 Infrastructure monitoring 
 Sentry Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service



 Managing contacts and sending messages 
 Sendgrid Personal Data: Cookies.
Usage Data



 Managing support and contact requests 
 Help Scout Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service



 Traffic optimization and distribution 
 Cloudflare Personal Data: Cookies.
various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service





 Further information about Personal Data 


 Is my response anonymous?  This depends now the form creator has configured the service.
We have a range of powerful anonymity features which are enabled by default but can be disabled by the creator.
Your IP address is always pseudonymised before it is recorded with your survey responses and is therefore unavailable to the creator.

Anonymous surveys (Default):  This will be anonymous unless you enter any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) into the form.
For survey creators wanting to record the PII separately see mixed mode below.

Tracked surveys: Creators can enable a tracking option which will use tracking links in the URL to link a survey to a known recipient.

Mixed mode (Pro customers) We also offer an advanced feature which allows the creators to mark individual questions as containing PII.
These are then recorded separately from the other answers you give.
We ensure the PII questions and normal question responses are delivered in a random order in our downloads and reports once a configured number of responses have been received to make it difficult to link up.


 The Service is not directed to children under the age of 13 Users declare themselves to be adult according to their applicable legislation.
Minors may use this Application only with the assistance of a parent or guardian.
Under no circumstance persons under the age of 13 may use this Application.

 Important: We are not the controller of your question response data.
 We are only the controller for the very limited amount of data listed in this document.
We are NOT the controller for your survey responses, the owner of this data is the form creator, likely the person who send you this form.

For most queries regarding your data you should contact the creator of this form who will be able to assist you in exercising your rights.




 Contact information 


 Owner and Data Controller Problem Free Ltd.
47 Newfoundland Way, Portishead, Bristol, BS20 7FP

Californian CPPA requests only: +1 833-527-2487 (For GDPR or general support please open a ticket through the application or email below.)

Owner contact email: support@problemfree.co.uk




 Latest update: December 15, 2020 
 iubenda hosts this content and only collects the Personal Data strictly necessary for it to be provided.
 Show the complete Privacy Policy 
      