
         Review and Manage Your Cookies Settings
Overview
Essential
Analytic &amp.
Performance
Functional
Marketing and Advertising
Social Media
OverviewThis page provides an overview of our use of cookies and similar technologies (from here we will refer to all those as “Cookies”) and how to manage them.
For more information please visit our Cookie Policy and our Privacy Policy.

 When you visit our properties and use our products and services (“Services”), we use Cookies to analyse and measure our performance, customize content and serve personalized advertisements.
We may place our own Cookies (first-party Cookies) or allow our service providers to place Cookies (third-party Cookies) on your device and collect information such as your device ID, browser type and IP address so they can help us better understand your interaction with our Services.
Advertisers and other advertising technology partners may also use their own third-party Cookies to collect information about your visits, deliver advertisements tailored to your interests, keep track of the number of views of a specific advertisement, analyses the effectiveness of advertisements, or provide auditing, research and reporting for advertisers.
Such third parties may also match you to an existing interest category (e.g.
automobiles) that they’ve developed and provide you with more relevant advertising over time and across different websites.

 When you click on save settings below, your preferences will be saved.
You can change your settings at any time by using the consent settings module.
Note that saving settings is linked to the particular browser and/or device you use to visit our Services.
Saving your settings within one particular Service will not affect your choices on other ViacomCBS Services, or if you visit this Service with another device or from a different browser.
In addition, it won’t affect any of your activities on third-party services.
You have other choices to manage cookies and other tracking technologies on the internet such as using industry choice programs or managing your preferences within your browsers or devices.
For more Information refer to Cookies Policy and	This page provides an overview of our use of cookies and similar technologies (from here we will refer to all those as “Cookies”) and how to manage them.
For more information please visit our Cookie Policy and our Privacy Policy.

 When you visit our properties and use our products and services (“Services”), we use Cookies to analyse and measure our performance, customize content and serve personalized advertisements.
We may place our own Cookies (first-party Cookies) or allow our service providers to place Cookies (third-party Cookies) on your device and collect information such as your device ID, browser type and IP address so they can help us better understand your interaction with our Services.
Advertisers and other advertising technology partners may also use their own third-party Cookies to collect information about your visits, deliver advertisements tailored to your interests, keep track of the number of views of a specific advertisement, analyses the effectiveness of advertisements, or provide auditing, research and reporting for advertisers.
Such third parties may also match you to an existing interest category (e.g.
automobiles) that they’ve developed and provide you with more relevant advertising over time and across different websites.

 When you click on save settings below, your preferences will be saved.
You can change your settings at any time by using the consent settings module.
Note that saving settings is linked to the particular browser and/or device you use to visit our Services.
Saving your settings within one particular Service will not affect your choices on other Paramount Services, or if you visit this Service with another device or from a different browser.
In addition, it won’t affect any of your activities on third-party services.
You have other choices to manage cookies and other tracking technologies on the internet such as using industry choice programs or managing your preferences within your browsers or devices.
For more Information refer to Cookies Policy and Privacy Policy.
EssentialAlways ActiveThese cookies are essential for the proper functioning of our Services.
Essential cookies cannot be switched off in our systems.
You can set your device to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the Service will not work.Cookies Details‎Analytic &amp.
Performance Analytic &amp.
Performance These Cookies allow us to collect information about how visitors use our properties.
Some examples include counting visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our services.
If you do not allow these Cookies we will not know when users have visited our properties and will not be able to monitor performance.Cookies Details‎Functional Functional These Cookies enable the services to provide enhanced functionality and personalization.
They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our services.
If you do not allow these Cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎Marketing and Advertising Marketing and Advertising These Cookies may be set by us or through our services by our advertising partners.
They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertising on this and on other properties.
If you do not allow these Cookies, you will still see ads, but you will experience less relevant advertising.
Cookies Details‎Social Media Social Media These Cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the services to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites, building up a profile of your interests to show you relevant content and advertisements on the relevant social networks.
If you do not allow these Cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Cookies Details‎Back ButtonBack
 Filter ButtonConsent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label
View Third Party Cookies
Namecookie name


Clear checkbox label labelApply CancelSave SettingsReject All Accept All	We use cookies and similar technologies to understand how you use our services, improve your experience and serve you personalized content and advertising as described in our Cookies Policy and Privacy Policy.
Accept All Reject AllManage CookiesManage Cookies
      