
         Close Window 
Mobile User Agreement
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Video Services and Social Networking Policy
Gift Card Terms
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
California Privacy/Info We Collect
 Gift Card Terms Physical and digital gift cards ("Gift Cards") are one-time use cards and are only redeemable for subscriptions to the Showtime standalone streaming service (the "Streaming Service") in the United States in US dollars.
Gift Cards are issued by Showtime Digital Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Showtime Digital," "us," or "we").
Internet access is required to redeem any Gift Card.
To redeem a Gift Card, go to www.showtime.com/redeem, and enter the card's PIN number and your ZIP code.
Use of the Streaming Service and Gift Cards is subject to acceptance of these Gift Card terms, our Terms of Use, Mobile Application End User License Agreement, Video Services and Social Networking Policy, and Privacy Policy, available at Terms of Use.
You must be 18 years of age or older to subscribe to the Streaming Service.
Gift Cards are assigned a fixed monetary value (e.g., $30).

If you are a new subscriber, you will need to create an account with the Streaming Service.
If you are a returning or existing subscriber, you will need to log in to your Streaming Service account.
The entire value of the Gift Card will be applied as a credit to your Streaming Service account upon redemption.
Gift Cards can only be redeemed on www.showtime.com/redeem.
Gift Cards cannot be redeemed on a Streaming Service account that is billed through certain third-party distributors, such as iTunes, Google Play, Amazon, or Roku (each a "Distributor").
If you wish to use a Gift Card and previously purchased your subscription to the Streaming Service through a Distributor, please visit our Help Center for more information.
The recurring subscription fee is dependent on the plan you choose and you may apply the value of the Gift Card to any plan.
Based on the credit on your Streaming Service account and the plan you choose, your Streaming Service account will be debited the applicable subscription price (plus applicable taxes and fees) starting on the day the Gift Card is redeemed and on each recurring billing period thereafter.
Your access to the Streaming Service will be terminated when the credit on your Streaming Service account is no longer of sufficient value to permit access to the Streaming Service for the applicable subscription period.
To continue your subscription a credit card or other payment method accepted by the Streaming Service will need to be provided, in which case you will be charged for subsequent periods (plus applicable taxes and fees) unless or until your subscription is cancelled prior to the applicable renewal date.
Any credit remaining on your Streaming Service account will remain on your Streaming Service account until a credit card or other payment method accepted by the Streaming Service is provided or you request a refund from us.
In order to request a refund, please Contact Us.
Once a Gift Card is redeemed it is void, and it may not be used again, transferred or assigned to another person or another Streaming Service account.

Gift Cards are not refundable (whether for cash or otherwise), either prior or subsequent to redemption, except to the extent required by applicable law.
A subscription initiated using a Gift Card is not eligible for any free trial period that may be offered and may not be eligible for certain promotional offers or codes.
Gift Cards cannot be used to purchase other Gift Cards, and cannot be reloaded, resold, or transferred for value.
For combinations with other offers, restrictions may apply.
Gift Cards do not expire and are not subject to any transaction fees.
Gift Cards may not be used in connection with any marketing, advertising or other promotional activities without our prior written approval.
Use of the Showtime name, or any Showtime logo, trade dress or trademarks in connection with the purchase or use of a Gift Card is strictly prohibited.
Furthermore, the use of Gift Cards in any manner that states or implies that any person, website, business, product or service is endorsed or sponsored by, or otherwise affiliated with, the Streaming Service or Showtime Digital is prohibited without our prior written approval.
Title to a Gift Card and the risk of loss, destruction or deterioration pass to the purchaser upon purchase.
We are not responsible for any Gift Card that is lost, stolen, destroyed or used without your permission.
Gift Cards are subject to verification, and any Gift Card that we believe in our sole discretion to have been purchased or obtained fraudulently or through illegal means will be subject to invalidation without refund.
We are not responsible for hardware issues related to your device's access to the service so please check with the applicable device maker for compatibility.
IN THE EVENT A GIFT CARD IS NON-FUNCTIONAL, YOUR SOLE REMEDY, AND OUR SOLE LIABILITY, WILL BE THE REPLACEMENT OF SUCH GIFT CARD.
When you purchase, receive or redeem a Gift Card, you agree that the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Gift Card terms.
We may modify any of the terms and conditions governing use of Gift Cards and our Terms of Use, Mobile Application End User License Agreement, Video Services and Social Networking Policy, and Privacy Policy at any time, with or without notice, even though these changes may affect your ability to use a Gift Card, subject to our compliance with applicable laws.
Your use of a Gift Card or of any Showtime property or service shall be deemed your acceptance of all then-current terms.
The most current version of these Gift Card terms will be available on this site and will supersede all previous versions of these Gift Card terms.
If you have any questions concerning Gift Cards, your Streaming Service account, or the Streaming Service generally, please Contact Us. Help 
Help Center
Supported Devices
Purchased Through Optimum? Activate Now
Purchased Through Paramount+? Activate Now
Contact Us
 Gifts 
Redeem Gift
 Legal 
Terms of Use
Privacy
Video Services Policy
Mobile License Agreement
Closed Captioning
California Privacy/Info We Collect
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
 More Showtime 
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Visit Sho.com
 SHO Store 

You will not be charged for the SHOWTIME streaming service during the free trial period.
TO CANCEL YOUR SUBSCRIPTION AND AVOID BEING CHARGED, YOU MUST CANCEL BEFORE THE END OF THE FREE TRIAL PERIOD.
To keep your subscription once your trial period is over, you will not have to do anything.
Free trial, price and device availability may vary by participating subscription providers and are subject to change.
Free trial is available to new customers only.
All promo codes must be redeemed exclusively through SHOWTIME.com at check out.
Promo codes only valid for new subscribers.
All promo code rates and durations apply after the free trial period has ended and cannot be combined with other offers.
©2021 Showtime Digital Inc., a subsidiary of Showtime Networks Inc.
SHOWTIME and related marks are trademarks of Showtime Networks Inc., a ViacomCBS Company.
All rights reserved.
SHOWTIME is accessible for viewing solely in the United States and its territories and possessions.
Minimum high-speed broadband connection is required for viewing.
Amazon, Kindle, Fire and all related logos are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc.
or its affiliates.
Android, Android TV, Google Play and Chromecast are trademarks of Google inc.
iPhone, iPad, and Apple TV are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.
Roku and the Roku logo are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Roku, Inc.
in the United States and other countries.
PlayStation and PS4 are registered trademarks or trademarks of Sony Interactive Entertainment Inc.
Hulu is a registered trademark of Hulu, LLC.
Samsung is a registered trademark of Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.
LG is a registered trademark of LG Electronics, Inc., Oculus and the Oculus logo are trademarks of Oculus VR, LLC.
We've updated our Privacy Policy to describe our collection and use of personal information across the ViacomCBS family of companies.
By continuing to use this Service, you acknowledge you've read the updated Privacy Policy, https://www.viacomcbsprivacy.com/policy.
It appears that JavaScript is disabled in your web browser.
To access Showtime, you'll need to enable JavaScript. Manage CookiesReview and Manage Your Cookies SettingsThis page provides an overview of our use of cookies and similar technologies (from here we will refer to all those as “Cookies”) and how to manage them.
For more information please visit our Cookie Policy and our Privacy Policy.

 When you visit our properties and use our products and services (“Services”), we use Cookies to analyse and measure our performance, customize content and serve personalized advertisements.
We may place our own Cookies (first-party Cookies) or allow our service providers to place Cookies (third-party Cookies) on your device and collect information such as your device ID, browser type and IP address so they can help us better understand your interaction with our Services.
Advertisers and other advertising technology partners may also use their own third-party Cookies to collect information about your visits, deliver advertisements tailored to your interests, keep track of the number of views of a specific advertisement, analyses the effectiveness of advertisements, or provide auditing, research and reporting for advertisers.
Such third parties may also match you to an existing interest category (e.g.
automobiles) that they’ve developed and provide you with more relevant advertising over time and across different websites.

 When you click on save settings below, your preferences will be saved.
You can change your settings at any time by using the consent settings module.
Note that saving settings is linked to the particular browser and/or device you use to visit our Services.
Saving your settings within one particular Service will not affect your choices on other ViacomCBS Services, or if you visit this Service with another device or from a different browser.
In addition, it won’t affect any of your activities on third-party services.
You have other choices to manage cookies and other tracking technologies on the internet such as using industry choice programs or managing your preferences within your browsers or devices.
For more Information refer to Cookies Policy and	This page provides an overview of our use of cookies and similar technologies (from here we will refer to all those as “Cookies”) and how to manage them.
For more information please visit our Cookie Policy and our Privacy Policy.

 When you visit our properties and use our products and services (“Services”), we use Cookies to analyse and measure our performance, customize content and serve personalized advertisements.
We may place our own Cookies (first-party Cookies) or allow our service providers to place Cookies (third-party Cookies) on your device and collect information such as your device ID, browser type and IP address so they can help us better understand your interaction with our Services.
Advertisers and other advertising technology partners may also use their own third-party Cookies to collect information about your visits, deliver advertisements tailored to your interests, keep track of the number of views of a specific advertisement, analyses the effectiveness of advertisements, or provide auditing, research and reporting for advertisers.
Such third parties may also match you to an existing interest category (e.g.
automobiles) that they’ve developed and provide you with more relevant advertising over time and across different websites.

 When you click on save settings below, your preferences will be saved.
You can change your settings at any time by using the consent settings module.
Note that saving settings is linked to the particular browser and/or device you use to visit our Services.
Saving your settings within one particular Service will not affect your choices on other ViacomCBS Services, or if you visit this Service with another device or from a different browser.
In addition, it won’t affect any of your activities on third-party services.
You have other choices to manage cookies and other tracking technologies on the internet such as using industry choice programs or managing your preferences within your browsers or devices.
For more Information refer to Cookies Policy and Privacy Policy Accept All Manage Consent PreferencesAnalytic &amp.
PerformanceAlways Active Analytic &amp.
PerformanceThese Cookies allow us to collect information about how visitors use our properties.
Some examples include counting visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our services.
If you do not allow these Cookies we will not know when users have visited our properties and will not be able to monitor performance.Cookies Details‎FunctionalAlways Active FunctionalThese Cookies enable the services to provide enhanced functionality and personalization.
They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our services.
If you do not allow these Cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎Marketing and AdvertisingAlways Active Marketing and AdvertisingThese Cookies may be set by us or through our services by our advertising partners.
They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertising on this and on other properties.
If you do not allow these Cookies, you will still see ads, but you will experience less relevant advertising.
Cookies Details‎Social MediaAlways Active Social MediaThese Cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the services to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites, building up a profile of your interests to show you relevant content and advertisements on the relevant social networks.
If you do not allow these Cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Cookies Details‎ Save SettingsBack ButtonBack Performance Cookies
Vendor Search Search Icon Filter IconClear Filters Information storage and accessApplyConsent Leg.InterestAll Consent Allowed Select All Vendors Select All Vendors Select All Hosts
33Acrosshost descriptionView Cookies REPLACE-WITH-DYANMIC-HOST-ID
Namecookie name


 Save Settings
      