
         Close Window 
Mobile User Agreement
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Video Services and Social Networking Policy
Gift Card Terms
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
California Privacy/Info We Collect
 Video Services and Social Networking Policy Video Services and Social Networking Policy
Effective Date December 8, 2016
Your video content viewing activities may be collected through your use of the Services.
By viewing our video content, you are consenting to share your video viewing and related media consumption activities with others, including video content you have watched or audio content streamed on the Services.
Sharing this information will allow you to take advantage of TV and audio control services, social networking and other features including the delivery of relevant advertising on the Services.
Such sharing may continue for two years or until you withdraw your consent.
SOCIAL NETWORKING SERVICESShowtime Networks has partnered with certain third party social networking companies to offer you their services through certain Showtime Networks Services.
For example, you can use third party social networking services, such as Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/policy.php), Google (http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/) or Twitter (https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en), to share information about your experience on Showtime Networks Services with your friends and followers on those services.
These social networking services may be able to collect information about you, including about your activities on Showtime Networks Services, and they also may notify your friends, both on Showtime Networks Services and on their services, that you are a Showtime Networks user or about your use of the Showtime Networks Services, in accordance with applicable law and their own privacy policies.
By using your Showtime Networks Services account with a third party social networking service, you consent to share information about you, including video content that you have watched on Showtime Networks Services, with your friends and followers on those services.
You can limit how third party social networking services share your information by visiting your social networking services' websites and updating your privacy settings.
In addition, Showtime Networks Services may request your permission to a) access and collect information available from your social networking account.
and b) post information to your friends on your behalf.
When you connect your social networking service with your Showtime Networks Services account, you authorize Showtime Networks Services to access certain information about you from your social networking service to provide content and services, including to help us tailor our communications to you and to develop rich online content and services across the Showtime Networks Services.
The information Showtime Networks may access from your social networking services is governed by the privacy policies and settings of those third party services.
ADVERTISING AND VIDEO MEASUREMENT SERVICESSome of the Showtime Networks Services may use cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies that allow our advertisers, service providers and market research companies, such as Adobe, Nielsen or Comscore, to collect information about the users and the type of content, including video content that users have watched on Showtime Networks Services.
By watching video content on Showtime Networks Services, you consent to allow us to share information with these advertisers, service providers and video measurement services.
For more information about Nielsen digital measurement products, please visit here (http://www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy).
If you do not wish to participate in Nielsen's digital measurement research on a Showtime Networks mobile application, please visit here (http://www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy#choice) to opt-out.
If you choose to opt out, Showtime Networks will not share with Nielsen video content viewing information generated by you.
For more information about Comscore, please visit here (http://www.comscore.com).
Please note that we do not share contact information with video measurement services.
In addition, third party market research services, such as Nielsen, may access information about you through your social networking services.
You can prevent Nielsen from receiving any data from Facebook that includes information identifying you by opting out of Nielsen measurement.
Please visit here (https://www.facebook.com/help/211774365532736?sr=1&sid=0U3IgVgLaT89shpT3) to read about Facebook's participation in Nielsen's measurement services, and here (http://www.nielsen-online.com/corp.jsp?section=leg_prs&nav=1) to learn how to opt out of Nielsen measurement services on web browsers.
TV AND AUDIO CONTROL SERVICES Showtime Networks has partnered with certain third party companies that offer TV and audio control services to enhance your video content viewing experience.
For example, you can use third party apps and audio control services, such as the Apple TV App or Siri, to search, recommend or access video content on Showtime Network Services.
These apps and audio control services may be able to collect and store information about you, including about your video viewing activities on Showtime Network Services.
By using your Showtime Network Services account with a third party TV app or audio control service, you consent to share information about you, including the video content that you have watched on Showtime Network Services.
You can limit how third party TV app or audio control services collect and store information about your video content viewing by visiting the third party app's privacy settings.
For example, the Apple TV App allows you to discontinue the collection and storage of your video content viewing information by visiting the Apple TV App Settings page choosing the "Remove and Clear Play History" option.
Visit here (http://www.apple.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) to learn more about Apple TV and audio control services privacy policy. Help 
Help Center
Supported Devices
Purchased Through Optimum? Activate Now
Purchased Through Paramount+? Activate Now
Contact Us
 Gifts 
Redeem Gift
 Legal 
Terms of Use
Privacy
Video Services Policy
Mobile License Agreement
Closed Captioning
California Privacy/Info We Collect
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
 More Showtime 
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Visit Sho.com
 SHO Store 

You will not be charged for the SHOWTIME streaming service during the free trial period.
TO CANCEL YOUR SUBSCRIPTION AND AVOID BEING CHARGED, YOU MUST CANCEL BEFORE THE END OF THE FREE TRIAL PERIOD.
To keep your subscription once your trial period is over, you will not have to do anything.
Free trial, price and device availability may vary by participating subscription providers and are subject to change.
Free trial is available to new customers only.
All promo codes must be redeemed exclusively through SHOWTIME.com at check out.
Promo codes only valid for new subscribers.
All promo code rates and durations apply after the free trial period has ended and cannot be combined with other offers.
©2021 Showtime Digital Inc., a subsidiary of Showtime Networks Inc.
SHOWTIME and related marks are trademarks of Showtime Networks Inc., a ViacomCBS Company.
All rights reserved.
SHOWTIME is accessible for viewing solely in the United States and its territories and possessions.
Minimum high-speed broadband connection is required for viewing.
Amazon, Kindle, Fire and all related logos are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc.
or its affiliates.
Android, Android TV, Google Play and Chromecast are trademarks of Google inc.
iPhone, iPad, and Apple TV are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.
Roku and the Roku logo are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Roku, Inc.
in the United States and other countries.
PlayStation and PS4 are registered trademarks or trademarks of Sony Interactive Entertainment Inc.
Hulu is a registered trademark of Hulu, LLC.
Samsung is a registered trademark of Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.
LG is a registered trademark of LG Electronics, Inc., Oculus and the Oculus logo are trademarks of Oculus VR, LLC.
It appears that JavaScript is disabled in your web browser.
To access Showtime, you'll need to enable JavaScript. Manage CookiesReview and Manage Your Cookies SettingsThis page provides an overview of our use of cookies and similar technologies (from here we will refer to all those as “Cookies”) and how to manage them.
For more information please visit our Cookie Policy and our Privacy Policy.

 When you visit our properties and use our products and services (“Services”), we use Cookies to analyse and measure our performance, customize content and serve personalized advertisements.
We may place our own Cookies (first-party Cookies) or allow our service providers to place Cookies (third-party Cookies) on your device and collect information such as your device ID, browser type and IP address so they can help us better understand your interaction with our Services.
Advertisers and other advertising technology partners may also use their own third-party Cookies to collect information about your visits, deliver advertisements tailored to your interests, keep track of the number of views of a specific advertisement, analyses the effectiveness of advertisements, or provide auditing, research and reporting for advertisers.
Such third parties may also match you to an existing interest category (e.g.
automobiles) that they’ve developed and provide you with more relevant advertising over time and across different websites.

 When you click on save settings below, your preferences will be saved.
You can change your settings at any time by using the consent settings module.
Note that saving settings is linked to the particular browser and/or device you use to visit our Services.
Saving your settings within one particular Service will not affect your choices on other ViacomCBS Services, or if you visit this Service with another device or from a different browser.
In addition, it won’t affect any of your activities on third-party services.
You have other choices to manage cookies and other tracking technologies on the internet such as using industry choice programs or managing your preferences within your browsers or devices.
For more Information refer to Cookies Policy and	This page provides an overview of our use of cookies and similar technologies (from here we will refer to all those as “Cookies”) and how to manage them.
For more information please visit our Cookie Policy and our Privacy Policy.

 When you visit our properties and use our products and services (“Services”), we use Cookies to analyse and measure our performance, customize content and serve personalized advertisements.
We may place our own Cookies (first-party Cookies) or allow our service providers to place Cookies (third-party Cookies) on your device and collect information such as your device ID, browser type and IP address so they can help us better understand your interaction with our Services.
Advertisers and other advertising technology partners may also use their own third-party Cookies to collect information about your visits, deliver advertisements tailored to your interests, keep track of the number of views of a specific advertisement, analyses the effectiveness of advertisements, or provide auditing, research and reporting for advertisers.
Such third parties may also match you to an existing interest category (e.g.
automobiles) that they’ve developed and provide you with more relevant advertising over time and across different websites.

 When you click on save settings below, your preferences will be saved.
You can change your settings at any time by using the consent settings module.
Note that saving settings is linked to the particular browser and/or device you use to visit our Services.
Saving your settings within one particular Service will not affect your choices on other ViacomCBS Services, or if you visit this Service with another device or from a different browser.
In addition, it won’t affect any of your activities on third-party services.
You have other choices to manage cookies and other tracking technologies on the internet such as using industry choice programs or managing your preferences within your browsers or devices.
For more Information refer to Cookies Policy and Privacy Policy Accept All Manage Consent PreferencesAnalytic &amp.
PerformanceAlways Active Analytic &amp.
PerformanceThese Cookies allow us to collect information about how visitors use our properties.
Some examples include counting visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our services.
If you do not allow these Cookies we will not know when users have visited our properties and will not be able to monitor performance.Cookies Details‎FunctionalAlways Active FunctionalThese Cookies enable the services to provide enhanced functionality and personalization.
They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our services.
If you do not allow these Cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎Marketing and AdvertisingAlways Active Marketing and AdvertisingThese Cookies may be set by us or through our services by our advertising partners.
They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertising on this and on other properties.
If you do not allow these Cookies, you will still see ads, but you will experience less relevant advertising.
Cookies Details‎Social MediaAlways Active Social MediaThese Cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the services to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites, building up a profile of your interests to show you relevant content and advertisements on the relevant social networks.
If you do not allow these Cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Cookies Details‎ Save SettingsBack ButtonBack Performance Cookies
Vendor Search Search Icon Filter IconClear Filters Information storage and accessApplyConsent Leg.InterestAll Consent Allowed Select All Vendors Select All Vendors Select All Hosts
33Acrosshost descriptionView Cookies REPLACE-WITH-DYANMIC-HOST-ID
Namecookie name


 Save Settings
      