
         Skip to content 
How it works
Pricing
For teams
Contract templates


 Menu 
How it works
Pricing
For teams
Contract templates


 Login 
 Free account 
 Menu 
How it works
Pricing
For teams
Contract templates
Login
Sign Up
 Privacy Policy Last modified: November 12, 2020 PLEASE READ THIS POLICY CAREFULLY TO UNDERSTAND OUR POLICIES AND PRACTICES REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION AND HOW WE WILL TREAT IT.
BY ACCESSING OR USING THIS SITE, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
If you do not agree with our policies and practices, PLEASE do not use our Site.
This privacy policy may change from time to time.
Your continued use of this Site after We make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
1.
INTRODUCTION.
Signaturely LLC (“Signaturely,” “Company,” “We” or “Us”) respects your privacy and We are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information We may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit www.Signaturely.com and such other related sites and mobile applications as Signaturely may create (collectively, the “Site”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
The Site provides users an opportunity to sign and obtain signatures from others on documents (each, a “Document”) digitally.
Capitalized terms not defined herein are defined in our Terms of Service.
This policy applies to information We collect: 
On the Site.
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Site.
 It does not apply to information collected by: 
us offline or through any other means.
or
any third party (including any of our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Site.&nbsp.
We encourage you to be aware when leaving the Site and to read the privacy statements of any other site or application that collects personally identifiable information.

2.
CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 18. Our Site is not intended for persons under 18 years of age.
No one under age 18 is permitted to provide any information to or on the Site.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from persons under 18.
If you are under 18, do not use or provide any information on this Site or on or through any of its features, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or username you use.
If We learn We have collected or received personal information from anyone under 18, We will delete that information.
If you believe We might have any information from or about a person under 18, please contact us at team@Signaturely.com.‌ 3.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AND HOW WE COLLECT IT.
 First and foremost, we NEVER collect ANY information from any Document.
We collect different types of information from and about users of our Site, including information: 
by which you are personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, or telephone number, social security number, bank or other payment information (collectively, “personal information”);
that is about you but does not identify you individually.
and/or
about your internet connection, the equipment or device you use to access our Site and usage details.

(a) Information You Provide to Us.
The information We collect on or through our Site includes: 
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Site.
This includes information provided at the time of, for example, registration or making any inquiries or requests to us.
You are not REQUIRED to give us ANY information.
However, if you choose to not provide certain information denoted as “Required,” some or all of the features and benefits of our Site will be unavailable.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses) such as support requests, if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that We might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Details of payments you make through our Site.

(b) Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies. As you navigate through and interact with our Site, We use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including: 
details of your visits to our Site, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Site.
and
information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
 The information We collect automatically includes personal information which We maintain or associate with personal information We collect in other ways or receive from third parties.
It helps us to improve our Site and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to: 
estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
and
recognize you when you return to our Site.
 The technologies We use for this automatic data collection may include: 

Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer or on your mobile device.
You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser.
However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Site.
Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Site.
For further information, visit allaboutcookies.org.

Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Site may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Site.
Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies.
For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see the section titled Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.

Web Beacons. Pages of our Site and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).

4.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION. We use information that We collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information: 
to present our Site and its contents to you;
to provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us;
to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide such information;
to provide you with notices about your account;
to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any use of our Site, including for billing, collection and payment;
to notify you about changes to our Site or any products or services We offer or provide though it;
to prevent fraud;
for testing, research, analysis and product development, which enables us to improve and enhance the safety and security of our services, develop new features and products;
to improve the Site and any products, We may provide third parties with statistical information We gather from your information;
in any other way We may describe when you provide the information.
and
for any other purpose with your consent.
 We may also use your information to contact you about our own and third-parties’ goods and services that may be of interest to you.
If you do not want us to use your information in this way, notify us at team@Signaturely.com.
For more information, see the section titled Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
We may use the information We have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers’ target audiences.
Even though We do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.
5.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION.

WE DO NOT SELL YOUR INFORMATION TO ANY THIRD PARTY. We may disclose aggregated information about our users and information that does not identify any individual without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that We collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy: 
to our subsidiaries and affiliates.

to contractors, service providers and other third parties We use or work with to support our business;
to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our Site’s users is among the assets transferred;
to fulfill the purpose for which you provide such information.

for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
and
with your consent.
 We may also disclose your personal information: 
to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request;
to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and other agreements, including for billing, collection and payment purposes.
and
if We believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Signaturely, our customers or others, which may include exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.

6.
CHOICES ABOUT HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION. We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us.
We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information: 

Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent.
To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website.
If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of the Site could be inaccessible or not function properly.

Promotional Offers from Us. If you do not wish to have your personal information used by the Company to promote our own or third parties’ products or services, you can opt-out by sending us an email stating your request to team@Signaturely.com.
If We have sent you a promotional email, you can send us a return email asking to be excluded from future email distributions.
This opt out feature does not apply to information provided to the Company in connection with your registration, a service experience or other transactions.
 We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising.
However, these third parties should provide you with ways to choose to not have your information collected or used in this way.
You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (”NAI”) on the NAI’s website.
7.
ACCESSING AND CORRECTING YOUR INFORMATION. You can review and change your personal information by notifying us at team@Signaturely.com.
We may be able to delete your personal information only by deleting your user account, which may necessitate your re-registering.
We reserve the right to decline a request to change information if We believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
You have the right to request that Our Company transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.&nbsp.
If you make a request, we have one (1) month to respond to you.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at team@Signaturely.com or write to us at 340 S.
Lemon Street, Suite 1760, Walnut, California 91789.
8.
DATA SECURITY. We employ measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you.
Where We have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
No data transmissions over the Internet, cell-phone connections or Wi-Fi can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Although We do our best to protect your personal information, We cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Site.
Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk.
We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site.&nbsp.
Once We receive your information, We take reasonable measures to secure it on our systems.
If We learn of a security breach, We will attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps.
By using the Site or providing personal information to us, you agree that We can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy and administrative issues relating to your use of the Site.
We will post a notice on the Site if a security breach occurs.
We may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us in these circumstances.
9.
DATA RETENTION &amp.
PROCESSING. We will keep information you store with us for as long as We need it to make the Site available to you.
and We store, use and/or transmit information in locations around the world, including those outside your country.
Even if you delete your account, We will keep this information and any data collected regarding all activities you have already engaged pursuant to your use of the Site for a period of time as allowed by applicable law.
10.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY. It is our policy to post any changes We make to our privacy policy on this page.
If We make material changes to how We treat our users’ personal information, We will notify you through a notice on the Site home page, an email or other such means as we determine reasonable to bring the changes to your attention.
The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page.
You are responsible for ensuring We have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Site and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
By continuing to use or access the Site after the revisions come into effect, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
11.
CONTACT INFORMATION AND COMPLAINTS. To ask questions, comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, or file a complaint contact our Data Protection Officer, William Cannon at 340 S.
Lemon Street, Suite 1760, Walnut, California 91789, will@signaturely.com.
12.
LAW AND JURISDICTION. This Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with, and disputes shall be resolved pursuant to, the Terms of Service.
13.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS. Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), California residents have certain rights regarding our collection, use and sharing of personal information.
We do not sell your personal information and will not do so in the future without providing you with notice and an opportunity to opt-out of such sale, as required by law.
We do not offer financial incentives associated with our collection, use or disclosure of your personal information.
We collect various categories of personal information when you use the Site that includes but is not limited to identifiers, commercial information and internet or other electronic network or device activity information.
A more detailed description of the information we collect and how we use it is provided above in Section 3.
Sections 4 and 5 describe the categories of third parties, if any, with whom we share personal information and what information may be shared under different circumstances.
If you are a resident of California, you have the right to request to know what personal information has been collected about you and to access that information.
You also have the right to request deletion of your personal information, though exceptions under the CCPA allow us to retain and use certain personal information notwithstanding your deletion request.
You can also send your request by email to team@Signaturely.com or through regular mail to 340 S.
Lemon Street, Suite 1760, Walnut, California 91789.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA.
An agent can submit a request on your behalf, but you must verify that your agent is authorized to do so.
Separate from the CCPA, California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Site that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
To make such a request, please send an email to team@signaturely.com Super simple signatures 






 Company Product tour Pricing About us Help center How we give back Signaturely for teams Reviews Referral program Contact us Security Signaturely for teams Reviews Referral program Contact us Security Resources Blog Contract templates What is an eSignature? Are eSignatures legal? Online signature maker Comparisons DocuSign alternative HelloSign alternative PandaDoc alternative © 2021 Signaturely 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Privacy Preference CenterWhen you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies.
This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to.
The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience.
Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies.
Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings.
However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More informationAllow All Manage Consent PreferencesStrictly Necessary CookiesAlways ActiveThese cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems.
They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.
You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.
These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site.
They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners.
They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.
They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device.
If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.Back Button Performance Cookies
Vendor Search Search IconFilter IconClear checkbox label labelApply CancelConsent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelReject All Confirm My ChoicesBy clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings Reject All Accept All Cookies 
      