
         Get Signal Support Blog Developers Careers Donate 


Technical information Specifications and software libraries for developers Specifications Encryption in messaging environments integrates many ideas which often need to be composed separately in different applications.
We make an effort to break out ideas into independent specifications so that they can be integrated as appropriate for different projects.
 XEdDSA and VXEdDSA
 This document describes how to create and verify EdDSA-compatible signatures using public key and private key formats initially defined for the X25519 and X448 elliptic curve Diffie-Hellman functions.
This document also describes "VXEdDSA" which extends XEdDSA to make it a verifiable random function, or VRF.
 X3DH
 This document describes the "X3DH" (or "Extended Triple Diffie-Hellman") key agreement protocol.
X3DH establishes a shared secret key between two parties who mutually authenticate each other based on public keys.
X3DH provides forward secrecy and cryptographic deniability.
 Double Ratchet
 This document describes the Double Ratchet algorithm, which is used by two parties to exchange encrypted messages based on a shared secret key.
The parties derive new keys for every Double Ratchet message so that earlier keys cannot be calculated from later ones.
The parties also send Diffie-Hellman public values attached to their messages.
The results of Diffie-Hellman calculations are mixed into the derived keys so that later keys cannot be calculated from earlier ones.
These properties give some protection to earlier or later encrypted messages in case of a compromise of a party's keys.
 Sesame
 This document describes the Sesame algorithm for managing message encryption sessions in an asynchronous and multi-device setting.Software libraries
Signal Protocol Java library
Signal Protocol C library
Signal Protocol JavaScript library
 © 2013–2020 Signal, a 501c3 nonprofit. Signal is a registered trademark in the United States and other countries.
Company

 Donate
 Careers
 Blog
 Terms &amp.
Privacy Policy

Download

 Android
 iPhone &amp.
iPad
 Windows
 Mac
 Linux

Social

 Github
 Twitter
 Instagram

Help

 Support
 Community
 © 2013–2020 Signal, a 501c3 nonprofit. Signal is a registered trademark in the United States and other countries.

      