

Introduction 
Silicon Power Computer &amp.
Communications Inc (referred to as the “Company”, “we”, “our” or “us”) is committed to the protection of your Personal Information and takes the matter of protecting your privacy as high priority.
The Company includes all entities affiliated with, controlled by or under common control with it.
This Privacy Policy explains general terms on how we collect, use and protect the privacy of your Personal Information.
Please note that the Privacy Policy is streamlined to common principles of data privacy in most jurisdictions although there may be some slight variations due to local requirements.




What Personal Information do we collect? 
The types of Personal Information that we collect directly from you or from third parties, which comprises any information that can help us identify or locate an individual, including, without limitation, an individual’s name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, an online identifier, date of birth, bank account and other financial records, documents used for ID purposes including driver licenses, passports and credit card number.




How do we collect your Personal Information? 
This Privacy Policy covers any Personal Information provided to us, include but not limited to:
(a) when making a purchase from us via our web shop;
(b) via any online sites operated by us and our contractors;
(c) under any other contractual agreement or arrangement;
(d) via a third party, e.g., distributors, agents or dealers;
(e) communications with you via telephone, letter, fax and email;
(f) when accessing or browsing our official website, or any of our social media accounts;
(g) filing out a survey conducted by us;
(h) participating in our Company promotion, or other activities held by us;
(i) personal approach in exhibition, meeting, conference, training or any other event;
(j) when we collect information about you from third parties.
and other channels;




What do we use your Personal Information for? 
We may use your Personal Information for the following purposes:
(a) to enable us to provide our services and perform our services to you;
(b) to facilitate your product purchase (e.g., arranging for delivery and identification of buyer);
(c) to fulfill our obligations in providing you with support, information and after-sale service;
(d) to help our legitimate interest of leaning more about your experience with our product and service;
(e) to provide you with our latest news and promotion;
(f) to process any commercial transaction;
(g) to investigate and respond to claims and inquiries from you;
(h) for financial purposes such as credit or other payment card verification, accounting, billing and audit;
(i) to comply with any legal or regulatory requirements;
(j) for all other purposes ancillary to any of the purposes stated above.
(k) marketing/cross-marketing and communicating with you in relation to products and services offered by us and our service partners as well as our appointed agents.




Withdrawing Consent 
Please note that if you would like to withdraw your consent for us to process your Personal Information, you may, at any time, contact us via
Email:service@silicon-power.com
Telephone:+886-2-8751-5326
Upon receipt of your notice, we will remove your Personal Information and will not use the data for any purpose.




To whom do we disclose your Personal Information? 
We will not trade, sell or disclose your Personal Information to third parties.
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorised access to, or unauthorised alteration, disclosure or destruction of, users’ information.
Our servers are protected by firewalls and are physically located in secure data facilities to further increase security.
Your Personal Information shall only be disclosed or transferred to the following third parties appointed or authorised by the Company, for the fulfilment of the Purpose:
(a) our service providers;
(b) our other affiliates and subsidiaries where it is necessary to facilitate your needs;
(c) credit card verification providers,
(d) warehouse, forwarder;
(e) IT service providers;
(f) data analytics and/or marketing agency;
(g) other third parties in order to process your commercial transactions;
(h) legal bodies as permitted or required by law such as in compliance with a warrant or subpoena issued by a court of competent jurisdiction;
(i) customs, immigration or other regulatory authorities applicable to you;
(j) safety and security personnel.
In addition to the above, your Personal Information may also be disclosed or transferred to any of the Company’s actual and potential assignee, transferee or acquirer (including our affiliates and subsidiaries) or our business, assets or group companies, or in connection with any corporate restructuring or exercise including the our restructuring to transfer the business, assets and/or liabilities.
We shall take practical steps to ensure that their employees, officers, agents, consultants, contractors and such other third parties mentioned above who are involved in the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information will observe and adhere to the terms of this Privacy Policy.




How long may we retain your Personal Information? 
We will only retain your Personal Information necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.




Changes to Privacy Policy 
Please note that this Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time in accordance to applicable laws and regulations and such variations may be applicable to you.
The latest version of this Privacy Policy will be made available on our official website.
Your use of our website shall be deemed acceptance of our Privacy Policy.




Third Party Website 
We may link this website and/or our applications to other companies or organisations websites (collectively, “Third Party Sites”).
This Privacy Policy does not apply to such Third Party Sites as those sites are outside our control.
If you access Third Party Sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect your personal information.
Please ensure that you are satisfied with the privacy policies of these Third Party Sites before you submit any personal information.
We try, as far as we can, to ensure that all third party linked sites have equivalent measures for protection of your personal information, but we cannot be held responsible legally or otherwise for the activities, privacy policies or levels of privacy compliance of these Third Party Sites.




Product Warranty Service 
We will collect your Personal Data when you return products to us for repair or other warranty service.
Collection of these data is necessary for the purposes of legitimate interest (performing product warranty and/or contract) as set forth in Article 6, paragraph 1, letter (f) of EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).




Applications 
We will collect your Personal Data when you apply for a position at our company.
Collection of these data is necessary for the purposes of legitimate interest (recruiting suitable employee) as set forth in Article 6, paragraph 1, letter (f) of GDPR.




Security 
We will strictly comply with this Privacy Policy to maintain security of your data.
We will take proper precautions to protect Personal Data against theft, modification, or destruction.
However, we cannot guarantee safety of internet.
You are advised to use a password with sufficient complexity, change it regularly and keep it secret.
You are also advised to keep antivirus and other security software up to date.




Minors 
We will not knowingly collect Personal Data of minors without express consent of their parents or guardians.
Any such data collected by accident will be removed as soon as we discover or are notified of the same.



