

Help Center·
Privacy &amp.
Terms·
Staff Support
Terms of Service
This agreement was written in English (US).
Date of Last Revision: January 29, 2022
 Please read the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy carefully.
By accessing, browsing, using or registering with the similarworlds.com website, Similar Worlds or Similar Worlds Mobile, you represent and agree that (1) you are at least 13 years of age, (2) you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree with the Terms of Service, the Privacy Policy and the Cookies Policy and (3) you will comply and be bound by the Terms of Service and the Privacy Policy, including any future modifications.
If you do not agree to be bound by the Terms of Service or the Privacy Policy in their entirety or you are under 13 years of age, you are not authorized to use the similarworlds.com website, Similar Worlds or Similar Worlds Mobile.
These Terms of Service governs our relationship with users and others who interact with Similar Worlds.
By using or accessing Similar Worlds, you agree to this Statement.
Privacy
Your privacy is very important to us.
We designed our Privacy Policy to make important disclosures about how you can use Similar Worlds to share with others and how we collect and can use your content and information.
We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy, and to use it to help make informed decisions.
Just like many other websites, use cookies.
Sharing Your Content and Information
You own all of the content and information you post on Similar Worlds.
In addition:

For content that is covered by intellectual property rights, like photos ("IP content"), you specifically give us the following permission, subject to your privacy and application settings: you grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide license to use any IP content that you post on or in connection with Similar Worlds ("IP License").
This IP License ends when you delete your IP content or your account unless your content has been shared with others, and they have not deleted it.
When you delete IP content, your removed content may persist in the database and backup copies for a reasonable period of time (but will not be available to others).
When you publish content or information on a group, it means that everyone, including people off of Similar Worlds, will have access to that information and we may not have control over what they do with it.
We always appreciate your feedback or other suggestions about Similar Worlds, but you understand that we may use them without any obligation to compensate you for them (just as you have no obligation to offer them).
 Safety
We do our best to keep Similar Worlds safe, but we cannot guarantee it.
We need your help to do that, which includes the following commitments:

You will not send or post unauthorized commercial communications (such as spam), post advertisements or solicitations of business on Similar Worlds.
You will not collect users' content or information, or access Similar Worlds, using automated means (such as harvesting bots, robots, spiders or scrapers) without our permission.
You will not engage in unlawful multi-level marketing, such as a pyramid scheme, on Similar Worlds.
You will not upload viruses or other malicious code.
You will not solicit login information or access an account belonging to someone else.
You will not bully, intimidate or harass any user, directly or indirectly.
You will not post content that is hateful, defamatory, discriminatory, threatening, pornographic or that contains graphic or gratuitous violence.
You will not develop or operate a third party application containing or advertising or otherwise market alcohol-related or other mature content without appropriate age-based restrictions.
You will not develop or operate a third party application that embeds the Similar Worlds website or that asks for the user login details.
You will not offer any contest, giveaway or sweepstakes ("promotion") on Similar Worlds without our prior written consent.
If we consent, you take full responsibility for the promotion and will follow all applicable laws.
You will not use Similar Worlds to do anything unlawful, misleading, malicious or discriminatory.
You will not distribute private or personal information, photos, videos or other material of another person without their express consent for you to do so.
You will not do anything that could disable, overburden or impair the proper working of Similar Worlds, such as a denial of service attack.
You will not facilitate or encourage any violations of this Statement.
You will not post any content that promotes, sexualizes or encourages behaviors that are seen as illegal or criminal by general/majority international consensus (such as Pedophilia, Bestially, Sexual Abuse, Incest, etc...), or any images or videos that contain such behaviors.
You will not post any content which relates to, describes, or depicts, any form of violence or physical/embarrassing punishment towards minors.
The only exception is with regards to legitimate personal experiences that has happened to the poster before adulthood (such as personal experiences of past trauma, which they may wish to share for support or education), as long as that content is not sexualized or fetishized.
 Please note:

We reserve the right to restrict contact between members as a protection measure, if there have been complaints or if our system's algorithms prevent that contact.
We provide a list of Suicide Crisis Help Lines, for a number of countries, that might be helpful for those in need.
 Acceptable Behavior &amp.
Protecting Other People's Rights
We respect other people's rights and expect you to do the same.

You agree to follow our Acceptable Behavior guidelines.
You will not post content or take any action on Similar Worlds that infringes or violates someone else's rights or otherwise violates the law.
You will not submit or upload material that is copyrighted, protected by trade secret or otherwise subject to third-party proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the owner of such rights or have permission from their rightful owner to post the material and to grant Similar Worlds all of the license rights granted herein.
You will not publish falsehoods or misrepresentations that could damage Similar Worlds or any third party.
We can remove any content or information you post on Similar Worlds if we believe that it violates this Statement.
If we remove your content for infringing someone else's copyright and you believe we removed it by mistake, we will provide you with an opportunity to appeal.
If you repeatedly infringe other people's intellectual property rights, we will disable your account when appropriate.
You will not use our copyrights or trademarks or any confusingly similar marks, without our written permission.
If you collect information from users, you will: obtain their consent, make it clear you (and not Similar Worlds) are the one collecting their information, and post a privacy policy explaining what information you collect and how you will use it.
You will not post anyone's identification documents or sensitive financial information on Similar Worlds.
You will not share anyone's private message(s) or private post(s) (including screen capture, plain text, or any other form), without that user's consent, or without fully removing or censoring every personally identifiable information, such as username, profile picture and any other contents that may identify the user in any way or break that user's privacy.
You will not mention other users by their username, profile picture and other contents that identify the user, in a way that harasses or insults them, and you will remove the post if requested by the mentioned user.
You will not send email invitations to non-users without their consent.
You will not post the same or very similar posts/replies repeatedly, even if you post them to different groups.
By doing so, you are duplicating contents, attracting more attention to your posts unfairly and annoying other users.
You will not abuse, misuse or manipulate Reaction and Downvote features, whether manually, programmatically or otherwise.
This includes using multiple accounts to react/downvote, or asking people to react/downvote, or forming or joining a group that reacts/downvotes together.
You will not abuse, misuse or manipulate the submission of abuse reports, whether manually, programmatically or otherwise.
This includes using multiple accounts to report, or asking people to report, or forming or joining a group that reports together.
 Registration and Account Security
Similar Worlds users can have either an Anonymous/Fictional or Real profile.
Here are some commitments you make to us relating to registering and maintaining the security of your account:

You will not create multiple accounts on Similar Worlds in a way that can be seen as abusive usage.
The average user has only one account, but it is acceptable for someone to own up to three accounts as long as your accounts are following our terms of service and not causing conflicts with other users.
Canceling old accounts does not make it acceptable to create new accounts to stay on this limit.
You will not create additional accounts in order to be able to contact users who blocked you on your previous accounts.
You will not use any of your additional accounts to contact users who blocked you on any of your other accounts.
You will not create an account for anyone other than yourself without permission.
You will not impersonate another person.
You will not use your personal profile for your own commercial gain (such as selling a shared message, comment, message or post to an advertiser, or asking users for money).
You will not use Similar Worlds if you are under 13.
You will not use Similar Worlds if you are a convicted sex offender.
You will keep your contact information accurate and up-to-date.
You will not share your password, let anyone else access your account or do anything else that might jeopardize the security of your account.
You will not transfer your account to anyone.
You will not submit a fake, modified or incomplete photo to our verification system.
If you want to be verified, you can upload your own photos, unmodified.
If you select a username for your account, we reserve the right to remove or reclaim it for any reason (such as when a trademark owner complains about a username that does not closely relate to a user's actual name.
or if the username is inappropriate).
You may cancel your account at any time by accessing your Account Settings, then Leave Similar Worlds and following the instructions there.
After your account has been set to hiatus, you can complete the process to cancel your account.
Once canceled, it can no longer be reactivated.
 Anonymous or Fictional Profiles
A profile is considered Anonymous or Fictional if its name, profile photo and personal information do not belong to the owner of the account.
The profile must not impersonate another person.
If the fictional profile contains photos belonging to another person, any descriptions in the photos and in the profile must be explicit that the person in the photos is not the owner of the account.
The owner of the account must not post another person's photos unless they have the consent and authorization of the person in those photos.
Content Rating Levels You must ensure that your posts are tagged properly.
Similar Worlds is a very diverse social network, of varying opinions, ideologies and standards.
In order to help protect users and provide the most relevant and appropriate content per each user's preferences, it is important that all users act responsibly, correctly labeling/categorizing their own content, especially when it falls into more adult themed categories.
Users can select through their account settings, various "Content Rating Levels", which algorithmically determines what content may be most suitable and interesting for that user.
Below is a description of each rating level: 

Family Safe - This category is for content that is considered to be completely safe, free of any Adult/Mature, Inappropriate, Abusive, Offensive or Sensitive content.
This is typically content that is safe for viewing in the presence of family, co-workers, public audiences or in any other setting.
Similar Worlds makes an extra effort to thoroughly screen (algorithmically) content entering this category, so that it is likely safe for even the youngest users of our website.

Non-Adult - This category is for content that is considered to be safe, free of Adult/Mature, Inappropriate, Abusive, Offensive or Sensitive content.
This is typically content that is safe for viewing in most settings.
Content falling in this category must not be obviously Mature or Inappropriate in nature.
As Similar Worlds allows for freedom of speech, opinion and expression, we attempt to strike some balance as to not over-aggressively filter everything appearing in this category.

Mildly Adult - This category is for content which may be of "Mildly Adult" nature.
This includes very slightly/mildly Adult/Mature, very slightly/mildly Inappropriate, very slightly/mildly Offensive or very slightly/mildly Sensitive content.
Example: Mildly Adult Language, Jokes, References, Imagery.
Content within this category may be considered as "PG 13" by today's standards, but not at/above "18+" / "R" rating.

Adult - This category is for content which may be of "Adult" nature.
This includes Adult/Mature, Inappropriate, Offensive or Sensitive content.
Example: Adult Language, Jokes, References, Imagery (not including nudity).
Content within this category is not suitable for minors.
Please note that we do not allow the posting of Nudity, Extremely Offensive or Abusive content, within areas of SW that are labelled as "Adult".

Although we allow freedom of speech, opinion and expression, users are not permitted to bully, abuse, harass or offend other members. You can also select the options below: 

Nudity - This category is for content which may contain imagery of mild "Nudity".
This includes any image, video or other media content which displays or depicts mild Nudity.
Please note that we do not allow images that are focused or zoomed in to genital areas, or where sexually explicit acts are involved.

Fetish - This category is for content which may be considered to be a "Fetish".
While the definition and categorization of "Fetish" is very broad, users are expected to use their discretion, while also keeping in line with the other Terms of Service of Similar Worlds.
Please note that this category is NOT allowed the posting of highly Explicit, highly Violent or highly Revolting content.

Sensitive - This category is for content which may be of "Sensitive" nature.
This includes content that may be visually or mentally disturbing to viewers.
Example: Content that is Mildly Gruesome, Revolting or Violent.
Please note that this category is NOT allowed the posting of Strong Violence, Strong Gore or Strong Revolting content.
 Monitoring and Reports
Similar Worlds has the right, but not the obligation, to monitor any and all activity on Similar Worlds.
Similar Worlds also has the right, but not the obligation, to investigate the reports of improper conduct.
Similar Worlds may remove any user submission or terminate any user account or ban any user at any time for any action in violation of the Terms of Service including, for conduct detrimental to other users or Similar Worlds, or for any other reason that in Similar Worlds' sole discretion warrants such termination.
You will not submit false or inaccurate reports against members, posts or groups.
Please only submit a report in cases of actual abusive, spam, suicide or illegal activity.
VIP Membership, Payment &amp.
Renewal Terms of Service

You can upgrade your account to VIP by paying or subscribing to one of the packages available.
If you already have an active VIP subscription and purchase VIP again, the new VIP time you purchase will be added/accumulated onto your existing VIP time.
You may choose to purchase a VIP subscription for another user, by choosing that user at the time of purchase.
If the recipient already has an active VIP subscription, the new VIP time you purchase will be added/accumulated onto their existing VIP time.
If you choose to become a VIP on Similar Worlds, your membership subscription may be automatically renewed based on the frequency you choose, until canceled by you.
After your initial subscription commitment period, your subscription may be automatically renewed for additional equivalent periods, at the purchase price of your initial subscription.
Once you have paid for any premium services on Similar Worlds, they are non-refundable.
If, at any point, you wish to discontinue your VIP membership, and you have an active auto-renewable subscription, you must visit the VIP Settings page and select 'Cancel VIP Membership' before the next scheduled automatic payment.
We do not issue partial/pro-rated refunds for early cancelation of any subscriptions.
We do not have access to your Credit Card information through our sales.
The payments are processed by a trusted 3rd-party payment processor, PayPal.
By subscribing, you confirm you are at least 18 years of age and you authorize PayPal to charge your Credit Card now and again at the beginning of any subscription period, up until one year since the first payment.
In the event that your credit card is ever denied, we reserve the right to cancel your subscription and you may have to re-subscribe in order to continue your VIP Membership.
You can also contact us by sending an email to payments@similarworlds.com with your question and we will get back to you as soon as we can.
 Transferring VIP from an account to another is possible, by requesting this via an email or ticket to us, only in the following conditions: 
You intended to gift the VIP to someone else, but you forgot to choose the recipient at the time of purchasing, and you contacted us within a few hours after purchasing.
or
You want to transfer the remaining VIP time to another account of yours because you used the wrong account to purchase, and you contacted us within a few hours after purchasing.
Due to the variance between pricing rates, you cannot split a VIP purchase in smaller subscriptions, to be distributed between multiple accounts.
If we transfer VIP membership between accounts, we will transfer the purchased package in full, to the target account, without possibility of splitting.
 Disputes
If anyone brings a claim against us related to your actions, content or information on Similar Worlds, you will indemnify and hold us harmless from and against all damages, losses, and expenses of any kind (including reasonable legal fees and costs) related to such claim.
Modification of these Terms
Similar Worlds reserves the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these Terms of Service at any time.
Similar Worlds reserves the right to modify or discontinue the website without notice to you.
Please check the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy periodically.
Your continued use of Similar Worlds after the posting of changes constitutes your binding acceptance of such changes.
If the modified Terms of Service are not acceptable to you, then your only recourse is to discontinue using the Site.
Complaints
If you are dissatisfied with this website or any aspect of it, you may email us at support@similarworlds.com.

Disclaimer: Similar Worlds and all staff of Similar Worlds will not be held responsible for (1) any content generated by Similar Worlds users or (2) content that exists through any links posted on the Similar Worlds website.
 Similar Worlds is in no way affiliated, endorsed, or sponsored by Experience Project.
 Similar Worlds and all images associated with Similar Worlds are © Copyright 2022 Similar Worlds.
All Rights Reserved.

      