

Help Center·
Privacy &amp.
Terms·
Staff Support
Cookies Policy
This agreement was written in English (US).
Date of Last Revision: September 1, 2021
 Please read the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy carefully.
By accessing, browsing, using or registering with the similarworlds.com website, Similar Worlds or Similar Worlds Mobile, you represent and agree that (1) you are at least 13 years of age, (2) you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree with the Terms of Service, the Privacy Policy and the Cookies Policy and (3) you will comply and be bound by the Terms of Service and the Privacy Policy, including any future modifications.
If you do not agree to be bound by the Terms of Service or the Privacy Policy in their entirety or you are under 13 years of age, you are not authorized to use the similarworlds.com website, Similar Worlds or Similar Worlds Mobile.
What are cookies, pixels, and local storage?
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your web browser (if you allow that in its settings) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
A cookie contains limited non-personal data, usually a unique identifier, to enable a website to recognise you each time you visit the website again.
Cookies are used for a wide variety of purposes such as to keep you logged in or to remember your preferences and settings, to analyse how the site is used by you and to serve advertising to you.
 A pixel (also called clear GIF, web beacon, or pixel tag) is a small amount of HTML code on a web page or in an email notification.
As many other services do, we use pixels to learn whether you've interacted with a certain email content.
This helps us measure and improve our services and personalize your experience on Similar Worlds.
 Local storage is an industry-standard technology that allows a website or application to store information locally on your computer.
We use local storage to help personalize Similar Worlds.
For example, synchronizing data between several open Similar Worlds tabs/windows on your web browser, making a history of latest Emoji you used, etc...
Do we use cookies?
Yes, just like many other websites.
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic.
We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.
We use cookies to temporarily save your login information for your own convenience.
We also use cookies for other special features on Similar Worlds.
Open Cookie options Why do we use cookies?
Without cookies, it would be impossible for Similar Worlds to be secure and effective.


Authentication and Security
 Similar Worlds uses cookies to help authenticate you.
This prevents unauthorized parties from accessing your account and helps us remember who you are, so you don't have to login every time you visit a page on Similar Worlds. Also, cookies protect your security on Similar Worlds, by making sure it is you and no one else using your account.
Cookies are also used to fight spam.


Features and Preferences
 We use cookies to store your preferences on Similar Worlds, such as which language have you chosen or what popups have you hidden. Some features may also be driven by cookies.


Performance
 Cookies are also used for performance.
There are some settings or data that we can temporarily store on your computer to make Similar Worlds pages load faster or even prevent some requests to us, because we know some data hasn't changed. Don't worry, we are very careful with your privacy, so we try our best to not store any personal data on cookies.

 Do other parties use cookies in connection with Similar Worlds?
Yes.
Our partners may use cookies to provide services to us, for Analytics and Advertising purposes.
We use Google Analytics to help us understand how our users interact with our services, such as what pages are most visited and what links are not used.
Please read the Google Analytics Cookie Usage Policy.
We use Google AdSense to provide advertising on Similar Worlds.
Google AdSense uses cookies to provide high-quality ads that are more relevant and interesting to you.
Please read Google Advertising Policy &amp.
Terms.
We use Amazon Publisher Services to provide advertising on Similar Worlds.
Amazon Publisher Services use cookies to provide high-quality ads that are more relevant and interesting to you.
Please read Amazon - Privacy Notice.
Please read our Privacy Policy for more details about what information we share with our partners, and how you can opt-out.
What is Do Not Track (DNT)?
DNT is a concept that has been promoted by regulatory agencies such as the U.S.
Federal Trade Commission (FTC), for the Internet industry to develop and implement a mechanism for allowing Internet users to control the tracking of their online activities across websites by using browser settings.
However, there is no accepted standard for how a site should respond to this signal.
As we need to use cookies for the purposes explained in this policy, and we do not intentionally track you when you use other websites, Similar Worlds does not respond to "do not track" signals.
Disclaimer: Similar Worlds and all staff of Similar Worlds will not be held responsible for (1) any content generated by Similar Worlds users or (2) content that exists through any links posted on the Similar Worlds website.
 Similar Worlds is in no way affiliated, endorsed, or sponsored by Experience Project.
 Similar Worlds and all images associated with Similar Worlds are © Copyright 2022 Similar Worlds.
All Rights Reserved.

      