

Help Center·
Privacy &amp.
Terms·
Staff Support
Privacy Policy
This agreement was written in English (US).
Date of Last Revision: February 5, 2022
 Please read the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy carefully.
By accessing, browsing, using or registering with the similarworlds.com website, Similar Worlds or Similar Worlds Mobile, you represent and agree that (1) you are at least 13 years of age, (2) you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree with the Terms of Service, the Privacy Policy and the Cookies Policy and (3) you will comply and be bound by the Terms of Service and the Privacy Policy, including any future modifications.
If you do not agree to be bound by the Terms of Service or the Privacy Policy in their entirety or you are under 13 years of age, you are not authorized to use the similarworlds.com website, Similar Worlds or Similar Worlds Mobile.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form, use our services or when you log into Similar Worlds.


At the time you sign up for an account, we collect basic details you provide to us, such as your name, e-mail address, sex and birth date.
When you log in, create a post, write a comment or use our services, we may save some details, such as your IP and device you are using.
When you upload a photo, we may save some meta data that comes with the image.
If you choose to submit private photo(s) for account verification, we save those image(s) in our servers.
You can delete these verification photos as any time.
When you make a payment, we may save some transaction details such as the item you purchased, your payment amount and PayPal public details.
We do not have access to your credit card information and we do not save any details of it.
We may collect information about your device and browser, such as what modern web technologies your browser supports, whether you use an ad-blocker, your operating system, your browser name and some other details.
We do not have access to your computer username, password or personal files.
 What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one or more of the following ways:



To personalize your experience

Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs, ensure we provide you with website features that your browser supports, and provide you support when you need help from us.

To improve our website

We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
These details also help us in knowing our community better and ensure that we take the right decisions when we make changes or implement something new.

To improve customer service

Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us.

To process transactions

Your payment information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company or entity for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.

To protect our community

We use the information we have to help verify accounts and activity, and to promote safety and security on and off of our services, such as by investigating suspicious activity, abuse or violations of our terms or policies.
 How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you access your personal information:


We store your passwords using an encryption algorithm specifically designed for this purpose.
We have no way of knowing what your password is, using the data we store in our database.
We are constantly checking that our applications and servers are secure, doing our best to prevent unwanted individuals from taking control of our systems or gaining access to private data.
We encrypt our server backups and database backups as a way of better protecting your data.
We use HTTPS/SSL (secure connection) on Similar Worlds, which means that your activity is encrypted and private.
We don't use insecure protocols to administrate our server, database or emails.
We also try our best to disable the usage of insecure protocols.
We don't share your personal information without your permission (unless required by law).
We restrict access to personal information only to the Admins of Similar Worlds.
Moderators and Staff (other than the Admins) may have access only to the information that they need to know in order to process it for us (such as dealing with Reports of public posts and replies).
Only Admins and selected Moderators have access to Posts which visibility is set to 'Friends-only' while the user hasn't added the Admin or Moderator as a friend.
Moderators and Staff (other than the Admins) do not have access to your private messages.
Moderators and Staff are subject to strict confidentiality obligations and their role may be terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
We limit the data we keep in places outside the main databases, such as logs, documents, notes, emails and conversations.
If any of these require any personal identifiable information, we only add the data we need for each specific scenario, and we destroy that data when we don't need it anymore.
This helps greatly in preventing against data breaches.
 Do we use cookies?
Yes, just like many other websites.
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your device's hard drive through your web browser (if you allow that in its settings) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic.
We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.
We use cookies to temporarily save your login information for your own convenience.
We also use cookies for other special features on Similar Worlds.
Please read more in our Cookie Policy.
Do we disclose any private information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your private personally identifiable information.
This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
Non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Information shared with partners

We only share the minimum required information with our partners.
We do not intentionally share any personal identifiable information with our partners. This means that the data we share with our partners isn't enough to identify our users.
We don't intentionally share private data (such as your email, username, user ID or private messages) with partners, unless the data is available to public on your profile, or it is essencial to provide a service.
We don't intentionally share sensitive data (such as your sexual orientation or religious beliefs) with partners, unless the data is available to public on your profile.
We use Amazon Web Services (AWS) to send email notifications and other correspondence, via email, to our users.
We use Google Analytics to help us understand how our users interact with our services, such as what pages are most visited and what links are not used.
With Google Analytics, we gather stats of the URLs/links our users visit and some of the buttons or links being pressed, without linking any of these stats or events to our users individually.
This data doesn't include your name, messages or other personal content.
Users may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics Opt-out Page.
Users may access and/or delete activity stored by Google via Google's My Activity Page.
We use Google AdSense to provide advertising on Similar Worlds.
Google AdSense uses cookies to provide high-quality ads that are more relevant and interesting to you.
Google AdSense only has access to pages that can be publicly seen by members of Similar Worlds.
For example, if a post can be seen by a common Similar Worlds member, then Google AdSense will be able to view it.
however, Google AdSense cannot view any of your private messages.
Users may opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the Google AdSense Opt-out of Ad personalization.
We use Amazon Publisher Services to provide advertising on Similar Worlds.
Amazon Publisher Services use cookies to provide high-quality ads that are more relevant and interesting to you.
Amazon Publiser Services only has access to pages that can be publicly seen by members of Similar Worlds.
For example, if a post can be seen by a common Similar Worlds member, then Amazon Publisher Services will be able to view it.
however, Amazon Publisher Services cannot view any of your private messages.
 Please read the Privacy Policy of our partners and find ways to opt-out, below:
Google - How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Google Analytics - Opt-out
Google - My Activity
Google AdSense - Opt-out of Ad personalization
See our list of Ad technology providers
Amazon Web Services - Privacy Notice
Amazon Web Services - Data Privacy
Amazon - Privacy Notice
Amazon - Opt-out of Ad personalization How do we retain and access information?
We may retain information from accounts disabled for violations of our terms for at least a year to prevent repeat abuse or other violations of our terms.
When you delete your contents, your removed content may persist in the database and backup copies for a reasonable period of time (but will not be available to others).
We may also access, preserve and share information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to: detect, prevent and address fraud and other illegal activity.
to protect ourselves, you and others, including as part of investigations.
or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your account settings and email notifications
When you register on Similar Worlds, you are automatically subscribed to the email notifications of its basic features.
However, you may disable some or all notifications via your Account Settings - Email Preferences.
On that page, you can edit your account preferences.
If you no longer wish to use or have access to that particular account on Similar Worlds, you may cancel your account at any time by accessing your Account Settings, then Leave Similar Worlds and following the instructions there.
After your account has been set to hiatus, you can complete the process to cancel your account.
Once canceled, it can no longer be reactivated.
Profile Visibility
Profiles on Similar Worlds are set, by default, to be visible by everyone, including people who are not registered on Similar Worlds.
This setting can be changed through your Account Settings.
You can set your profile visibility to Members only.
If your profile visibility is set to Public, everyone will be able to see your public comments, stories, groups, public photos and other contents that are not private.
If you set a photo or image as your Profile Picture, both the thumbnail (small) version of the photo and the full (big) version of the photo will be made public, independently of the privacy setting of the album that the image is in.
Sharing Posts on Similar Worlds
When you share a post (via the submission form at the top of any group or community, or the Post page), your submission will be posted to the group or community and will be made public.
Sharing Photos on Similar Worlds
The visibility of the photos you upload to your profile depends on the Album you post into.
If an Album's visibility is set to Friends, its photos will only be visible to users on your Friends List.
This also means that updates about that image (upload or comments) will not appear in the news feed of users who are not on your Friends List.
Always think before you upload a image.
If someone provides the direct link of the image (URL) to a person that is not on your Friends List, that person will be able to see the image.
The page on your album that contains the image will not be accessible to non-Friends (depending on your privacy setting) and the image will not appear in the Albums list.
If the album visibility is set to Everyone, this setting will change its behavior depending on your profile visibility.
This means that if your profile visibility is set to Friends, then the photos in the album will be visible to users on your Friends List only.
If you set a photo or image as your Profile Picture, both the thumbnail (small) version of the photo and the full (big) version of the photo will be made public, independently of the privacy setting of the album that the image is in.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website.
These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies.
We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback regarding these sites.
Children
We do not intentionally gather personal information of users and visitors who are under the age of 13.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to revise our policies at any time without notice.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may email us to support@similarworlds.com.

Disclaimer: Similar Worlds and all staff of Similar Worlds will not be held responsible for (1) any content generated by Similar Worlds users or (2) content that exists through any links posted on the Similar Worlds website.
 Similar Worlds is in no way affiliated, endorsed, or sponsored by Experience Project.
 Similar Worlds and all images associated with Similar Worlds are © Copyright 2022 Similar Worlds.
All Rights Reserved.

      