
Congrats! 🎉 FREE SHIPPING on all subscription orders Add-Ons to Orders  Info about this.Info about this.Info about this.Info about this.Info about this.Info about this.Info about this.Info about this.Info about this.Info about this.Info about this.Info about this.Info about this.Info about this.
 Shop Add-ons  Never mind, return to my box! × Exchange Your Oil  Make this box your own by swapping out one of the oils.
You can swap out any of the essential oils in your Recipe Box.
The new oil can be up to $2 more than the oil you are replacing.
When you exchange an oil, we’ll add a $2 charge to your box.
You are in charge of your toxin-free journey.
 Rewards × SEARCH 


 Search 


Login



0



Recipe Box
Shop 
 Single Oils
 Blends
 Carrier Oils
 Roll-ons
 Accessories


Simply Pure Promise
Recipes &amp.
Articles
Your Impact
Login


GET THE BOX 


 Privacy Policy We value you at Simply Earth.
We value your privacy too.
We are here to serve you.
We have all our legal statements below, but because we value you, if you have any questions, please email us at help@simplyearth.com, and we will get back to you within 1 business day.
We respect the privacy of our users.
This Privacy Policy ("Policy") describes our privacy practices concerning information collected in connection with the Simply Earth website (the "Site").
This Policy is intended to explain the conditions under which Simply Earth collects, uses, and discloses personal and other information in connection with the Site, and your rights in relation to that information.
By visiting our Site and/or using the features made available to you through the Site, you are agreeing to the terms of this Policy.
The personal and other information that we collect about you is controlled by Simply Earth, which is headquartered in the United States at W4228 Church Road, Waldo, WI 53093.
What personal and other information we collect about you
Simply Earth collects both "personal information" and "non-personal information" about Site users.
For purposes of this Policy, "non-personal information" is information that Simply Earth cannot directly associate with a specific person without the aid of additional information.
By contrast, "personal information," is information such as a name or email address that Simply Earth can directly associate with a specific person or entity without additional information.
When we combine non-personal information with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information.
Personal information.
You can visit the Site without submitting any personal information.
However, in order to subscribe to our services, make purchases, or use many features of our Site, you will be required to provide personal information.
For example:
Registration.
In order to use some features of the Site, you must first subscribe to the applicable Simply Earth service.
During registration, you are required to provide certain personal information (such as name, email address, shipping address, and credit card number and expiration date) in accordance with our terms of use.
Orders.
If you purchase a product or service from us, we request certain personal information from you on our order form.
You must provide personal contact information (such as name, email address, and shipping address) and financial information (such as a credit card number and expiration date).
Posted Content.
The Site enables users to submit additional information that may be made accessible to other users or the general public.
To post content, you may be required to first register by providing information such as an email address, display name, and password.
Registrants also may choose to voluntarily provide additional information, including photos, a biography, and/or information about their location.
And, of course, registrants may disclose personal and other information through their posted content.
Feedback.
Our online contact form also contains a "message" field through which you may submit additional personal information.
We may combine personal information collected through the Site with other information that we or third parties collect about you in other contexts—such as our communications with you via email or phone, or your customer service records.
We will treat such combined information as personal information and protect it in accordance with this Policy.
Surveys, Contests, and Promotions.
From time to time, Simply Earth may ask Site users to participate in surveys, contests, or promotions.
Such surveys, contests, and promotions may be used to collect both personal and non-personal information.
Participation is completely voluntary, and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose your information.
Log data.
When you use the Site, we automatically receive and record certain information from your computer (or other device) and your browser.
This may include such data as your IP address and domain name, the pages you visit or the features you use on the Site, the date and time of your visit, the files that you download, the URLs from the webSite you visit before and after navigating to the Site, your software and hardware attributes (including device IDs), your general geographic location (e.g., your city, state, or metropolitan region), and certain cookie information (see below).
To obtain such information, we may use web logs or applications that recognize your computer or device and gather information about its online activity.
Cookies.
We also use cookies in conjunction with the Site.
Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer or other device by your web browser.
A cookie allows the Site to recognize whether you have visited before and may store user preferences and other information.
For example, cookies can be used to collect information about your use of the Site during your current session and over time (including the pages you view and the files you download), the operating system and browser type of your computer or other device, your Internet service provider, your domain name and IP address, your general geographic location, the website that you visited before navigating to the Site, and the link you used to leave the Site.
If you are concerned about having cookies on your computer or device, you can set your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being set, allowing you to decide whether to accept it.
You can also delete cookies from your computer or device.
However, if you choose to block or delete cookies, certain features of the Site may not operate correctly.
Web beacons.
We also may use an application known as a "web beacon" (also known as a "clear gif" or "web bug").
A web beacon is an electronic file that usually consists of a single-pixel image.
It can be embedded in a web page or in an email to transmit information, which could include personal information.
For example, it allows an email sender to determine whether a user has opened a particular email.
Third-party online tracking and behavioral advertising.
We also may partner with certain third parties to collect, analyze, and use some of the personal and non-personal information described in this section.
For example, we may allow third parties to set cookies or use web beacons on the Site or in email communications from Simply Earth.
This information may be used for a variety of purposes, including online behavioral advertising, as discussed below (see the section entitled "How we share personal and non-personal information with third parties").
How we use the personal and non-personal information that we collect
Simply Earth uses the information that we collect for a variety of purposes.
If we have personal information about you, we may use it, for example: to respond to your questions or requests concerning the Site or other services offered by Simply Earth or our partners.
to fulfill the terms of any agreement you have with us.
to fulfill your requests for our services and orders for products or otherwise complete a transaction that you initiate.
to send you information about our services, the status of any orders, and other topics that are likely to be of interest to you, including newsletters, updates, or other communications.
to authenticate billing and identification information.
to deliver confirmations, account information, notifications, awards, service-related announcements, and similar operational communications.
to improve or personalize your user experience.
to improve the quality of our products and services.
to comply with legal and/or regulatory requirements.
and to manage our business.
We use the non-personal information that we collect for such purposes as: counting and recognizing users of the Site.
analyzing users’ demographics, interests, and behavior, including how they use the Site and various Site features.
improving the Site and enhancing users’ experiences with the Site.
researching and creating new products and services or improving our existing products and services.
enabling additional website and application analytics and research concerning the Site.
and managing our business.
Simply Earth may link non-personal information gathered using cookies and web beacons with personal information.
But in that event, we will treat the combined information as personal information.
We also may use the personal and non-personal information that we collect to send you promotional communications, including emails or postal mail about the products and services offered by Simply Earth or our partners.
Although we hope you will find our promotional emails of interest, you may opt out of receiving them by sending an email to help@simplyearth.com, or by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link in any promotional email.
We also provide you the opportunity to opt-out of having your personal information used for certain purposes when we ask for this information.
For example, if you purchase a product/service but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us, you can indicate your preference on our order form.
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our products or services, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address.
We will automatically send your friend emails inviting him or her to visit the Site.
This personal information may be used to track the success of our referral program.
Your friend may contact us at help@simplyearth.com to request that we remove this information from our database.
How we share personal and non-personal information with third parties
We share your personal information and non-personal information with other parties for a variety of purposes, as described below.
Analytics and online behavioral advertising.
We partner with certain third parties to collect the non-personal information discussed above and to engage in analysis, auditing, research, and reporting.
These third parties may use web logs or web beacons, and they may set and access cookies on your computer or other device.
The Site also enables third-party tracking mechanisms to collect your non-personal information for use in online behavioral advertising.
For example, third parties may use the fact that you visited the Site to target online ads for Simply Earth services to you on non-Simply Earth websites or services.
In addition, our third-party advertising networks might use information about your use of the Site to help target non-Simply Earth advertisements based on your online behavior in general.
The use of online tracking mechanisms by third parties is subject to those third parties’ own privacy policies, and not this Policy.
If you prefer to prevent third parties from setting and accessing cookies on your computer, you may set your browser to block cookies.
Third-party service providers and business partners.
Simply Earth also uses other third-party service providers to help us manage and improve the Site and other Simply Earth services.
These service providers may collect and/or use your personal or non-personal information to assist us in achieving the purposes discussed above in the section entitled "How we use the personal and non-personal information that we collect." For example, we use third parties to help us target and implement our email communications and direct mailings, to verify your identity and address for shipping purposes, to ship our products, and to process your credit card information.
We also use third-party sites to help us manage our relationships with the people and companies that use our services.
We also may share your personal or non-personal information with other third parties when necessary to fulfill your requests for services.
to complete a transaction that you initiate.
to meet the terms of any agreement that you have with us or our partners.
or to manage our business.
Your direct sharing of information on the Site.
Certain features of our Site make it possible for you to share comments or feedback publicly with all other users of the Site.
Any information that you submit through such features will be available to the public at large and potentially accessible through third-party search engines.
Such information can be read, collected, and/or used by others, and it could be used to send you unsolicited messages if you disclose personal information.
Accordingly, please take care when using these features of the Site.
Your direct sharing of personal information through third-party websites and services.
The Site may enable you to share directly personal information with websites or online services operated by third parties.
For example, the Site contains links to third-party websites that incorporate comment and social media features.
The Site may also contain a Facebook "like" button, a Twitter "follow" button, or similar features.
If you choose to use these features, you may disclose your personal information not just to those third-party websites and services, but also to their users and the public more generally.
Because these third-party websites and services are not operated by Simply Earth, we are not responsible for the content or practices of those websites or services.
The collection, use, and disclosure of your personal and non-personal information will be subject to the privacy policies of the third party websites or services, and not this Policy.
Third-party plugins.
The Site integrates certain third-party plug-ins (such as a Facebook "like" button).
Even if you do not click on these plug-ins, they may collect information about you, such as your IP address and the pages that you view.
They also may set and/or access a cookie.
These plugins are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them.
Legal purposes.
We also may use or share your personal or non-personal information with third parties when we believe, in our sole discretion, that doing so is necessary:
to comply with applicable law or a court order, subpoena, or other legal process;
to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, violations of our terms and conditions, or situations involving threats to our property or the property or physical safety of any person or third party.
to establish, protect, or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
or
to facilitate the actual or proposed financing, securitization, insuring, sale, assignment, bankruptcy, or other disposal of all or part of our business or assets.
Aggregated information.
From time to time, Simply Earth may also share de-identified and aggregated information about Site users, such as by publishing a report on trends in the usage of the Site.
Security
Simply Earth uses commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information against loss or unauthorized access, use, modification, or deletion.
When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
However, no security program is foolproof, and thus we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your personal or other information.
Reviewing and updating your information
If you want to learn more about the personal information that Simply Earth has about you, or you would like to update or change that information, or deactivate your account, please contact us by email at help@simplyearth.com.
Note that deactivating your account does not cause your account information to be deleted from our servers.
You can request such deletion by emailing our Customer Support team at help@simplyearth.com.
Information for Site users from outside the United States
The personal and non-personal information that we collect through or in connection with the Site is transferred to and processed in the United States for the purposes described above.
Simply Earth also may subcontract the processing of your data to, or otherwise share your data with, affiliates or third parties in the United States or countries other than your country of residence.
The data-protection laws in these countries may be different from, and less stringent than, those in your country of residence.
By using the Site or by providing any personal or non-personal information to us, you expressly consent to such transfer and processing.
Children’s Privacy
The Site is not directed to children under the age of 13, and Simply Earth will never knowingly collect personal or other information from anyone it knows is under the age of 13.
Persons over 13 but under 18 years of age may use the Site only in conjunction with and under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian.
Changes to this Policy
We reserve the right to amend this policy at any time.
We will post all changes to this policy on this website, so you should review the policy periodically.
Any such amendments to this policy may apply to information we collect in the future as well as any information we obtained prior to such amendment.
If we make a material change to this policy, we will provide appropriate notice as required by law.
Questions or comments
If you have any questions or comments regarding our Policy, please contact us at:
Phone: 866-330-8165
Email: help@simplyearth.com
Effective date: March 20, 2019
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Free Essential Oil Recipes

Join 20,000+ others making their homes natural
 SUBSCRIBE 



















Call us at 866-330-8165 or Email us
Monday - Friday 7-3 CST
© Copyright Simply Earth.
All rights reserved. About 
Our Story
Simply Pure Promise
Our Cause
Wholesale
Ambassador Club
Careers
 Help 
FAQ's
Store Locator
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Contact Us
 × 
How many do you want?
 1 OK × Simply Earth Guarantee 0items 
SUBTOTAL $0.00


TAX $0.00

TOTAL $0.00
 SHOP CHECKOUT 
      