
        
Terms of Use Welcome to SINA.com ("SINA") US web site whose home page is currently located at http://home.sina.com ("Web Site")! SINA provides its services through the Web Site to you subject to the following Terms of Use ("TOU").
Please read the following TOU carefully because it is a binding agreement between you and SINA in relation to your use of any service or material provided on the Web Site.
USING THE WEB SITE REPRESENTS THAT YOU ASSENT TO THE STATED TOU.
SINA may revise the TOU at any time and from time to time.
Please review the TOU periodically by clicking to the TOU link on the home page of the Web Site because the TOU may be modified and the modified TOU will be binding on you and SINA effective immediately following the publication of the modified TOU.
Your continued use of the Web Site constitutes (1) an affirmative acknowledgement by you of this TOU and its modification.
and (2) agreement by you to abide and be bound by this agreement ("Agreement") and its modifications. Section 1.
Use of Material and Services The contents of this Web Site, such as text, graphics, images, software, music, sound, photographs, video, and other material ("Material"), are protected by copyright under both United States and foreign laws.
Unauthorized use of the Material may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws.
Please retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original Material on any copy you make of the Material.
Unless otherwise provided on the Web Site, it is not permitted to sell or modify the Material or reproduce, display, publicly perform, distribute, or otherwise use the Material in any way for any public or commercial purpose.
The use of the Material on any other web site or in a networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited.
Special rules may apply to the use of certain software, materials and other services provided on the Web Site.
Any such special rules are listed on the applicable pages of this Web Site and are incorporated into this Agreement by reference.
SINA is providing users with a variety of services via the Web Site ("Services").
Unless expressly stated otherwise, any new features that augment or enhance the current Services shall be subject to the TOU.
In order to use the Material and Services, you must provide all equipment necessary to establish a connection to the Web Site and pay any service fees associated with such connection.
Please be aware of that certain Material on the Web Site may be adult-oriented, you must be at least 18 years old to access and view such Material.
Section 2.
Member I.D., Password and Security
To be a registered member of the Web Site ("Netizen"), you must be at least 13 years old.
Once you become a SINA Netizen, you shall receive a Member Login Name and a password for your account.
Please maintain the confidentiality of your Login Name, password and any other information of your account.
You agree that you are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur via your account.
You may change your password at any time by following instructions.
Netizen agrees to immediately notify SINA of any unauthorized use of Netizen's account or any other breach of security known to Netizen.
Section 3.
Legal Notice for Email Service
Netizen may subscribe to SINA's paid email services ("Subscriber").
For Subscriber's information, in addition to this TOU, a separate legal notice will be also applied to subscription of SINA's paid email services.
Please refer to http://mail.sina.com/ for the Legal Notice for Paid Email Services.
Section 4.
Participation in Promotions of Advertisers
Netizen may send to or receive correspondences from advertisers about promoting advertisers' products or services.
Any such correspondences or promotions, including the delivery of and the payment for goods and services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such correspondence or promotions, are solely between the corresponding Netizen and the advertiser.
SINA assumes no liability, obligation or responsibility for any portion of such correspondence or promotion.
Section 5.
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability for SinaMall
The Web Site provides an online shopping area through SinaMall.
The merchant who actually sells the products or services via SinaMall is responsible for the delivery of the products or services and the product liabilities whether based on warranty, contract, tort or any other legal theory if there is any.
In no event shall SINA be the seller of the products or services and be liable for the product liabilities in relation to the products or services sold via SinaMall unless otherwise expressly provided on the Web Site.
In the case that SINA is held to be liable for any products or services sold through SinaMall, whether based on warranty, contract, tort or any other legal theory, you agree that SINA's maximum aggregate liability shall not exceed the amount actually paid by you for such product or service.
Section 6.
Privacy Policy
6.1 Information Collection, Sharing and Disclosure.
It is SINA's policy to respect the privacy of its users.
When you sign up as a SINA Netizen, SINA will require your name, email address, gender, date and place of birth, education, occupation, yearly household income, zip code and any other information as required ("Registration Data").
In addition to the Registration Data provided by you, SINA may also collect and store certain personally identifiable information in SINA's secure database, when you visit the Web Site, when you use some of SINA's Services, or when you enter promotions or sweepstakes on the Web Site.
SINA also automatically receives and records information from your browser including but not limited to your IP address, the pages you requested and the time of request.
SINA may use the information it obtains relating to you, for its internal business and marketing purposes, including but not limited to (i) fulfilling your requests for certain products and services.
(ii) customizing the marketing materials and the content you see on the Web Site.
and (iii) contacting you about special and new products or services.
SINA may disclose your information to third parties and share your information, including both personally identifiable and aggregated information, with SINA's partners and/or alliances, when (i) SINA gets your consent to share the information.
(ii) SINA needs to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested.
(iii) SINA needs to send your information to companies who work on behalf of SINA to provide a product or service to you.
(iv) required by subpoenas, court orders or legal process.
or when (v) your actions on the Web Site violate the TOU or any of SINA's usage guidelines for specific products or services on any applicable web page.
6.2.
Cookies.
SINA may set and access its cookies on your computer.
The general purposes of using such cookies include but are not limited to (i) authenticating users for services provided by SINA to them.
(ii) counting the number of users accessing the Web Site.
(iii) providing users with relevant information according to the preference specified by the users.
and (iv) for SINA's own convenience to indicate whether a specific user has paid for the subscribed service or not.
For your information and notification, as certain companies serve the advertisements within the Web Site, SINA allows such companies, so-called third-party ad servers or ad networks to set and access their cookies on your computer.
Such companies' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one.
Such companies do not have access to SINA's cookies.
6.3 You may edit and delete your SINA Netizen account information and preferences.
You may access to http://members.sina.com/edit/index.html to edit your SINA Netizen account information.
You may also delete your SINA Netizen account information and preferences by (i) emailing your deletion request to SINA while your SINA login ID and password have been verified.
(ii) replying to the "Netizen welcome letter" with "Remove" in the subject line.
or (iii) forwarding a copy of "Weekly Newsletter" to cancelnewsletter@staff.sina.com with "Remove Account" in the subject line.
6.4 Advertisements.
SINA may, on behalf of its advertisers, display or send targeted advertisements to you based upon nonpublic personal information about you, provided however that in the process of doing so, SINA will not disclose any nonpublic personal information about you to the advertisers.
Such advertisers include both financial service providers and non-financial service providers.
If you feel interested in such advertisement and respond accordingly, any personal information you give to the advertisers may give the advertisers a clue about the characteristics used by them to select the audience for the advertisement.
If you do not want to disclose any information about yourself to the advertisers, do not respond to such advertisements.
SINA will not share your personally identifiable information with any third party when you click on these advertisements.
6.5 Changes to this Privacy Policy.
SINA may amend its privacy policy at any time and from time to time.
If SINA makes any substantial changes regarding how SINA uses your personal information, SINA will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on the Web Site.
6.6 Questions or Comments.
If you have any questions or comments about this privacy policy, please send your questions or comments to support@staff.sina.com.
Section 7.
Disclaimer of Warranties
The Material may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors.
SINA makes no representations about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the Material or about the results to be obtained from using the Web Site, the Services and the Material.
The use of the Web Site, the Services and the Material is at your own risk.
Changes are periodically made to the Web Site and may be made at any time.
SINA DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE WEB SITE WILL OPERATE ERROR-FREE OR THAT THIS WEB SITE AND ITS SERVERS ARE FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES AND OTHER HARMFUL GOODS.
IF YOUR USE OF THE WEB SITE OR THE MATERIAL RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING OR REPLACING EQUIPMENT OR DATA, SINA IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THOSE COSTS.
THE WEB SITE, SERVICES AND MATERIAL ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND.
SINA AND ITS SUPPLIERS, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING THE WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES' RIGHTS, AND THE WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
SINA AND ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO WARRANTIES ABOUT THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, OR TIMELINESS OF THE MATERIAL, SERVICES, SOFTWARE TEXT, GRAPHICS, AND LINKS.
Section 8.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT SHALL SINA, ITS SUPPLIERS, OR ANY THIRD PARTIES MENTIONED AT THIS WEB SITE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE WEB SITE AND THE MATERIAL, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT SINA IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

SINA'S MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY SHALL NOT EXCEED (I) THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO SINA IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE FIRST DATE THE LIABILITY AROSE IF SUCH SERVICES HAVE BEEN PROVIDED BY SINA TO YOU MORE THAN TWELVE (12) MONTHS OR (II) THE TOTAL AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU TO SINA IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IF SUCH SERVICES HAVE BE PROVIDED BY SINA TO YOU LESS THAN TWELEVE (12) MONTHS.
Section 9.
User Submissions
Generally, any communication that you post to the Web Site is considered to be non-confidential.
If certain Web pages permit the submission of communication that will be treated by SINA as confidential, that fact will be stated in Legal Notices on those pages.
By posting communications to the Web Site, you automatically grant SINA a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable nonexclusive license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform, and display the communication alone or as part of other works in any form, media, or technology whether now known or hereafter developed, and to sublicense such rights through multiple tiers of sublicensees.
As a user, you are responsible for your own communications and are responsible for the consequences of their posting.
You must not do the following things: post material that is copyrighted, unless you are the copyright owner or have the permission of the copyright owner to post it.
post material that reveals trade secrets, unless you own them or have the permission of the owner.
post material that infringes upon any other intellectual property rights of others or on the privacy or publicity rights of others.
post material that is obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, hateful, or embarrassing to another user or any other person or entity.
post a sexually-explicit image.
post advertisements or solicitations of business.
post chain letters, junk mail, spamming, pyramid schemes or any use of distribution lists to any person who has not given specific permission to be included in such a process.
or impersonate another person.
User's use of the Web Site, Services and Material is subject to all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations.
SINA does not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any of communications posted by other users or endorse any opinions expressed by users.
You acknowledge that any reliance on material posted by other users will be at your own risk.
SINA does not screen communications in advance and is not responsible for screening or monitoring material posted by users.
If notified by a user of communications that allegedly do not conform to this Agreement, SINA may investigate the allegation and determine in good faith and its sole discretion whether to remove or request the removal of the communication.
SINA has no liability or responsibility to users for performance or nonperformance of such activities.
SINA reserves the right to expel users and prevent their further access to the Web Site for violating this Agreement or the law and the right to remove communications which are abusive, illegal, or disruptive.
Section 10.
Links to Other Sites
The Web Site contains links to third party Web sites.
These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by SINA of the contents on such third-party web sites.
SINA is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such third party web sites.
If you decide to access linked third-party web sites, you do so at your own risk.
Section 11.
Software Licenses
All software that is made available for downloading from the Web Site ("Software") is protected by copyright and may be protected by other rights.
The use of such software is governed by the terms of a separate software license agreement or designated Legal Notice accompanying such software ("License Agreement").
The downloading and use of such software is conditioned on your agreement to be bound by the terms of the License Agreement.
Section 12.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless SINA, its subsidiaries, affiliated companies, officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, actions or demands, including without limitation reasonable legal and accounting fees, alleging or resulting from your use of the Material (including Software) or your breach of the terms of this Agreement.
SINA shall provide notice to you promptly of any such claim, suit, or proceeding and shall assist you, at your expense, in defending any such claim, suit or proceeding.
Section 13.
Export Control
The United States controls the export of products and information.
You agree to comply with such restrictions and not to export or re-export the Materials (including Software) to countries or persons prohibited under the export control laws.
By downloading the Materials (including Software), you are agreeing that you are not in a country where such export is prohibited or are a person or entity to which such export is prohibited.
You are responsible for compliance with the laws of your local jurisdiction regarding the import, export, or re-export of the product.
Section 14.
Termination
You agree that SINA, in its sole discretion, may terminate your account and use of the Services on the Web Site, and remove and discard any Material or Services within the Web Site, for any reason, including, without limitation, for lack of use or if SINA believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of the TOU.
SINA may also in its sole discretion and at any time discontinue providing the Web Site, or any part thereof, with or without notice.
You agree that any termination of your access to the Web Site under any provision of the TOU may be effected without prior notice.
You agree that SINA shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination under this Agreement.
SINA won't give you any refund if you subscribe to any of SINA's paid services for a specified period of time ("Subscription Period") and such subscription is terminated prior to expiration of the Subscription Period, unless such subscription is terminated by SINA without cause, is terminated due to SINA's default or nonperformance, or is expressly allowed in writing to be terminated by you at any time prior to expiration of the Subscription Period.
Section 15.
Renewal of Paid Membership Service
You agree that your Paid Membership will be automatically renewed at the end of each paid-membership period for the same length of the period chosen most recently by you unless either SINA or you give written notice of non-renewal to the other party prior to the end of your paid-membership period.
Your credit card provided to us most recently will automatically be charged the then-current membership fee for the paid-membership service at the commencement of each renewal period.
All fees are non-creditable unless otherwise provided.
Section 16.
General
This Web Site is based in Sunnyvale, California.
SINA makes no claims the Material are appropriate or may be downloaded outside of the United States.
Access to the Material (including Software) may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries.
If you access the Web Site from outside of the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction.
This Agreement is governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of California, without respect to its conflict of laws principles.
User and SINA agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in the County of Santa Clara, California.
If any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect.
No waiver of any term of this Agreement shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term.
User and SINA agree that any cause of action arising out or relating to the Web Site, Services or Materials must commence within one (1) year after the cause of action arose.
otherwise such cause of action is permanently barred.
The section titles in this TOU are solely used for the convenience of the parties and have no legal or contractual significance.
Besides the Web Site, SINA and/or its affiliate companies operate several other web sites outside the United States.
The services provided on SINA non-US web sites are governed by different terms of use and the applicable laws of the jurisdiction in which such web site resides.
Please refer to the applicable terms of use when you use the services provided on those web sites outside the United States.
