
        
Skip to main content Toggle navigation 

Sign In 

Help 


 Terms and Conditions Contents

General
Terms of use

Data Privacy and Storage Policy
General
Accounts
Contacts
Signaling
Call Detail Records
Offline Messaging
RTP Media
MSRP Media
XMPP Gateway
Protecting Data and Privacy


 General
SIP2SIP is a real time communications service provided by AG Projects,
a company registered in the Netherlands, obeying to the Dutch laws.
The purpose of this free service is the testing of the software produced and
deployed by AG Projects to its customers.
AG Projects reserves the right to remove any account that behaves in an
undesirable way. Terms of use
You may use this service as an end-user for establishing real time
communications with other end-users on the same platform or external users
serviced by third parties using the same protocols.
Usage of accounts provided by this service by intermediaries deploying
services to their end-users of their own is prohibited.
Any party that
wishes to deploy such services, must use their own domain and have a
commercial agreement with AG Projects.
The platform is fine-tuned to accommodate end-user residential users traffic
patterns.
If your traffic has a different pattern, like having a high
density of audio calls, using a PBX with many extensions, calling from
multiple devices located in different locations at the same time, using
automatic dialers, you may want to choose a different service that is finer
tuned for such purpose. Data Privacy and Storage Policy
SIP2SIP infrastructure relays and stores information provided by end
users between the users.
If you are concerned about privacy of your own
data and how it is used inside the platform, read below.
As a general rule, no end-user's data is collected on purpose nor shared with
any third-parties.
However there is data shared implicitely by using the
service, due to the inner working of the protocols involved. General
When using Internet server-based infrastructures, you should not expect that
all your information to remain private.
Everything that goes through a
server is subject to forces outside the control of the clients using it.
So
you may safely assume all data exchanged through the server is compromised
by design.
If you care about privacy of your data, you should find clients
that reveal as less data as possible, then encrypt all the data that is
possible to encrypt and never share the private key used to encrypt data
with anyone.
Still, no matter what client technique you are using, it is
impossible when using a server to completely hide when communication takes
place, between which account takes place and the source IP addresses of the
end-points. Accounts
SIP2SIP accounts and related information are stored in the platform
database.
Passwords are stored in an encrypted form in the database.
There
is a salt involved but in case of the database being completely compromised
the salt can be also retrieved.
It is advisable to use strong passwords
that cannot be guessed by dictionary brute force attacks. Account deletion
You can request deletion of you account.
We will delete your account
providing that no commercial services has been purchased (e.g.
credit to
call to PSTN network).
If you did make a purchase, we are required by
law to keep records of all monetary transactions like full name and
addresses for up to seven years after purchase.
To delete your account login to http://x.sip2sip.info.
In the Identity tab
click on the remove account button. Contacts
The contacts present in your operating system address-book are not share
with anyone and remain local to your SIP client. Signaling
Signaling can be done in clear text using UDP and TCP protocols.
You may use TLS for encrypting data between the end points and platform SIP
and Web servers.
There is no guarantee that encryption will work
end-to-end, the SIP signaling part of the platform provides only hop-by-hop
signaling security, any intermediate hop may decide to switch from TLS
to a non-encrypted transport like UDP. Sessions
All SIP signaling for session establishment
(INVITE/BYE/CANCEL/PRACK/ACK SIP methods and their
replies) relayed by the platform SIP servers are stored in cleartext for
several days in the platform databases.
Both end-users and the platform
operator have access to this information for troubleshooting purposes. Registration
No registration information (SIP REGISTER method) is stored in the
platform. Subscriptions
No presence dialogs (SUBSCRIBE/NOTIFY methods) and related XML
payloads are stored in the server databases.
Short logs about which device
or subscriber changes its presence state are stored for troubleshooting
purposes. Call Detail Records
Call Details Records (CDRs) are stored for up to several months in clear
text format in platform databases.
CDRs contain metadata information about
who called whom and what time and for how long.
The IP addresses used for
signaling and media are also stored in the CDRs. Offline Messaging Text Messages
Messages sent using SIP MESSAGE method that cannot be delivered to local
users of the platform are stored for later delivery in cleartext format in
the platform database. Voicemail
Voicemail message are sent un-encrypted over email as attachments and stored
un-encrypted on the server voicemail server (optional).
Voicemail can be
enabled/disabled for each SIP account. RTP Media
RTP streams are relayed by media relays running on the platform.
The actual
data is not stored anywhere.
You may encrypt your data using SRTP but
when using SDES method supported by most devices, the encryption keys
are available in cleartext in the SIP signaling.
Whomever has access to the
signaling plane (and all SIP servers in the path always have access to it)
will be able to decrypt any SRTP encrypted stream using SDES key
exchange.
The alternative is to use zRTP, where the keys are known only
to the end-points. MSRP Media Chat Messages
MSRP chat sessions are done over TLS connections via the platform MSRP relay
servers.
The content of the messages is not logged or stored anywhere.
Users of Blin application can replicate the chat messages between multiple
instances configured with the same account.
The replicated chat messages
are stored for 60 days in encrypted form in platform databases.
The
encryption key is not known by the server, only Blink clients posses the
encryption/decryption key.
If you are concerned about privacy you may
disable chat replication in Blink. File Transfers
MSRP file transfer sessions are done over TLS connections via the platform MSRP
relay servers.
The content of the files are not logged or stored but the MSRP
relay component sees their content during the transfer. XMPP Gateway
All chat messages and presence payloads are relayed through the SIP/XMPP
gateway.
Message content is not stored anywhere. Protecting Data and Privacy
To minimise the chance of your SIP sessions and media being exposed do the
following:

Use SIP addresses that do not reveal your real name
Use ICE NAT traversal in both end-points, this way RTP streams can flow most of the time peer to peer without passing through the server media relays that can be tapped
Use zRTP encryption, this way you will know about men in the middle attacks trying to intercept and decrypt your data
Don't use SIP MESSAGE method for chat messages as all message go through the signalling, which is always compromised by design when a server is in the middle
Use end-to-end encryption mechanisms like OTR when using MSRP chat
Use anonymization services to protect/spoof the real IP source of the client.
This howvere just adds one level more of obfuscation, somewhere in the anonymization network the real IP used can be traced
 Illegal Intercept
To protect your data against being exposed over the Internet (like IP tapping), do the following:

Use TLS for SIP signaling (this will encrypt signaling between client and server)
Use zRTP for audio and video (Blink and Jitsi clients support zRTP)
Use TLS for MSRP media
Use OTR for Chat media (Blink client supports OTR)

These would protect your data against those who try to illegally sniff
your network traffic (like breaking into your LAN/WiFi) but have no
access to the client or server software.
These measures will not protect
your data privacy against legal intercept measures if enforced and
applied to the server infrastructure that relays the messages (you will
likely not know if and when this happens). Lawful Intercept
In case any entitled government agency requires access to the meta-data
stored by SIP2SIP infrastructure, all SIP account data stored on the
server can be considered compromised.
Use client side encryption to
mitigate this risk. © 2022 AG Projects — Real Time Communications Experts Status | Privacy 

