
        Export Control PolicyThe SlickVPN software is rooted with a sophisticated encryption technology that may make it a federal crime to use it in certain ways.
In order to reduce any personal liability, please note and follow the guidelines below before accepting and using this software.

You may not export the SlickVPN software program to countries listed on the Commerce Control List.
This currently includes countries such as Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Sudan and Syria.
Since this list may be updated at times, please visit http://www.bis.doc.gov/policiesandregulations/ear/740.pdf routinely.
By agreeing with the SlickVPN terms of service, you agree that you will not send the software to the countries listed on this list nor will you have any equipment with the SlickVPN software program while in any of these prohibited countries.
Despite your location, you agree that you will not transfer this software or have the software contained in any device to certain persons, organizations or companies that have been listed on the Denied Parties List.

Please visit http://www.bis.doc.gov/policiesandregulations/ear/740.pdf for the most updated list.
You agree not to deliver, transfer, or have a computer contain this software to a national or resident of a foreign country anywhere in the world without first checking the Denied Parties List as it is a deemed export which is subject to Federal Export Administration Regulations.
If at any time a recipient that is listed or belongs to one of the organizations or companies listed above, you must contact the:

U.S.
Department of Commerce
Information Technology Controls Division (202) 482-0707
In order to apply or receive permission to make the transfer via an Export License.
A transfer without the required license is a felony.


By downloading and/or using the SlickVPN software, you have accepted the full terms of service and policies which include full personal responsibility for the custody of the software program.
You agree to comply with all applicable export control laws and obtain all necessary licenses if you so choose to export any copy of the software.

