
         Information Provided by You or Collected with Your Permission.

User Data: When you first install and setup our App, we may collect information about your interests to help us understand what content you might be interested in.
When you set up your own account or otherwise interact with our Services, we may also collect certain personal information that can be used to identify you, which may include your name, your e-mail address, your profile image and other information.
SNS Data: We may allow you to use certain social networking services ("SNS") via the Services and may collect information about you from that SNS that you have made available via your privacy settings.
For example, if you link your Twitter account to SmartNews and let us know that you want to see what news stories the people you follow on Twitter are sharing, the links to these news stories will be sent to you via our Services.
Please refer to the privacy policy for the SNS you use for more information on how your information will be shared by the SNS and information available on your SNS accounts.

Interactive Features: We may offer interactive features, including features that let you submit User Content.
We and other individuals who use our Services may collect the information you submit or make available through our interactive features.
Any information shared on the public sections of these channels will be considered “public” and will not be subject to the privacy protections referenced herein.
Survey Data: We may contact you to participate in surveys.
If you decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information that may include personal information.
 Information Related to Your Use of the Services 
Device Data: We and third parties we work with may automatically collect certain data about the device you use to access our Services.
This data may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, mobile advertising identifiers (Google Advertising ID or Apple Advertising ID) and other unique identifiers, cookie identifiers, model name, operating system, country code, app version, and other user settings and preferences.
Activity Data: We automatically collect certain data about your activities on our Services, including the pages, content or features of our Services you browse and the time you spend on those pages, content or features, the hyper-links from the contents displayed on our Services that you click on, referrer information and other information about how you use our Services.
Location Data: You may provide us with your location data such as your postal code or city and state information in order for us to display the weather and the local news to you.
We will collect information about your location when you enable this feature on the Services.
In addition, we may also infer your location based on your IP address and use various other technologies to determine your approximate location, such as sensor data from your device that provides information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers.
 Information from Our Partners.

Third-Party Partners: We may receive your information from our partners, such as publishers, advertisers, and third-party data providers.
Our partners may provide information about your activities and interests off our services, including information about your device, device identifiers, your precise or approximate location, websites and advertisements you interact with, your browsing patterns, and information about how you use our partner’s services.
 How Do We Use Information? Our primary purpose for collecting and using information is to deliver quality Content to you, our users.
We also collect and use your information for a variety of business purposes, including: 

To Provide the Services or Information Requested
To Measure Performance and Carry Out Research
For Customer Support
For Advertising Purposes
For Administrative or Legal Purposes
 To Provide the Services or Information Requested.
This includes using your information to: 
Fulfill our contract with you;
Tailor and deliver Content curated according to your interests which we infer from the data we collect;
Provide access to certain functionalities, and features of our Services, such as the local news feature and the weather forecast feature;
Create and update your account.
and
Manage your information.
 Information Provided by You or Collected with Your Permission: 
Measure interest and engagement in the Services;
Pursue our legitimate interests, such as research and development (including marketing research), network and information security, and fraud prevention;
Improve our products and Services;
Develop new products and services.
and
Carry out analytics.
For example, we may use personal information and other data to create de-identified and aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the computer or device from which you access our Services, or other analyses we create.
 For Customer Support.
This includes using your information to: 
Respond to questions, comments, and other requests from you;
Investigate and answer requests for customer or technical support.
and
Communicate with you about activities on the Services and changes to our Terms of Service.
 For Advertising Purposes.
This includes using your information to: 
Tailor and provide personalized advertisements with you.
We and our third-party partners may provide you with these materials as permitted by applicable law.
Engage in cross device tracking, which helps us to track your browsing activity across different websites, devices and/or apps.
For example, we may attempt to match your browsing activity on your mobile device with your browsing activity on your tablet.
To do this, our technology partners may share data, such as your browsing patterns, geo-location and device identifiers, and will match the information of the browser and/or devices that appear to be used by the same user.
 For Administrative or Legal Purposes.
This includes using your information to: 
Ensure internal quality control and safety;
Verify individual identity to respond to certain requests or claims;
Carry out audits.

Prevent and prosecute potentially prohibited or illegal activities;
Enforce our agreements.
and
Comply with our legal obligations.
For example, we may disclose your information to certain government entities regarding certain claims or disputes relating to use of our Services.
 What Information Do We Share With Third Parties?
We may share the information that we have collected from you:

With Our Advertising Partners
With Our Service Providers
With Your Consent or at Your Request
With Affiliates
For Legal Reasons
In Connection with Business Transactions
 Information Shared with Our Advertising Partners.
We may engage third party advertising partners to collect information and serve advertising on and through the Services.
When you use our Services, these third-party advertising partners may collect information regarding your activities and your device (e.g., your IP address, mobile device identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day).
These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other services) for purposes of delivering personalized advertisements to you when you visit our Services and third-party services within their networks.
This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “personalized advertising.”
If you prefer not to share your personal information with third-party advertising partners, you may follow the instructions below. Information Shared with Our Service Providers.
We may engage third party service providers to work with us to administer and provide the Services.
The types of service providers to whom we entrust information include service providers for: (i) the provision of the Services.
(ii) the provision of information, products, and other services you have requested.
(iii) analytics.
(iv) marketing and advertising.
(v) customer service activities.
and (vi) the provision of IT and related services.
For example, we use MailChimp to send you correspondence regarding our Services, including, without limitation, our promotional newsletters and e-mails.
For more information, please see MailChimp’s privacy policy: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/.
We also use analytics services from Google including Google Analytics for Firebase to collect analytics information on the Services.
For more information about Google’s processing of your information, please visit: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites.
To learn more about how to opt-out of Google Analytics’ use of your information on our website, please visit: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Information We Disclose with Your Consent or at Your Request.
We may share your information with third parties if you provide us with your consent or if you have expressly requested that we share your information. Information Shared with Affiliates.
We may share personal information with our affiliated companies.

Information Disclosed for Legal Reasons.
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law.
We may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate: (i) to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas).
(ii) to protect our property, rights and safety and the property, rights and safety of a third party or the public in general.
and (iii) to stop any activity that we consider illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity. Information Shared in Connection with Business Transactions.
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract. Cookies and Third-Party Technologies

Cookies and Pixel Tags. We may use cookies, pixel tags, and other similar technologies.
Cookies are small text files placed in device browsers that store preferences and facilitate and enhance your experience.
A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded in our Services that collects information about engagement on our Services.
We may also include web beacons in e-mails to understand whether messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded.
Our use of cookies and similar technologies falls into the following general categories: (i) operationally necessary.
(ii) performance-related.
(iii) functionality-related.
and (iv) advertising-related.

Software Development Kits. We may use third party software development kits (“SDKs”) as part of the functionality of our App.
SDKs typically collect your mobile device identifier and information related to your use of the Services.
SDKs may allow third parties including analytics and advertising partners to collect your information for various purposes including to provide analytics services and personalized advertising.
For more information about the SDKs we use, please contact us as set forth below. Your Choices

General. You may have the right to opt out of certain uses of your information.

Email Communications. If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future emails.
Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or Services you have requested.
We may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding us and our Services, and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding the Services or updates to our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy).

Mobile Devices. We may send you push notifications through our App.
You may opt-out from receiving these types of communications by changing the settings on your mobile device.
We may also collect precise location information if you enable such collection via our App.
You may opt-out of this collection by changing the settings on your mobile device.

Personalized Advertising. If you would like to opt-out of the advertising and other similar technologies (e.g., cookies) we employ on the Services, you may do so by blocking, disabling, or deleting them as your browser or device permits, including by following the steps set forth below.
Please note that you can opt out of personalized advertising, but you will continue to see non-personalized online advertising on the Services and/or other digital properties.

To limit ad tracking by Apple, Google, or other mobile operating systems: please follow the instructions for Android, iOS, and others.
Other operating systems for mobile devices may also provide instructions on how to prevent the delivery of personalized advertisements.
To opt-out of the personalized advertising by certain third parties: please opt-out of personalized advertisement using your account settings on each applicable service.
If you do not have any account on a certain service, you likely will not see any personalized advertisements from that service.

https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/


The online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt-out of receiving targeted ads from advertisers that participate in self-regulatory programs.
You can access these, and also learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy, at https://optout.networkadvertising.org/, https://www.youronlinechoices.com/ and https://optout.aboutads.info/.

Please note that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on mobile applications and you must separately opt out in each browser and on each device.

“Do Not Track.” Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers.
Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers when you visit our website. Individual Rights in Personal Information
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to:

obtain access to or a copy of your personal information with accompanying details;
receive an electronic copy of personal information that you have provided to us, or ask us to send that information to another company (the “right of data portability”);
change or update your personal information;
withdraw your consent to process your personal information;
request that we restrict or limit our use of your personal information;
request erasure of personal information held about you by SmartNews.
and
object to our processing of your personal information.

If you would like to exercise any of these rights, visit the "Settings" menu in our mobile application.
Once you are in the Settings menu, click "Help Center." Once you are in the Help Center, the Help Center has a form for receiving inquiries.
Please fill out the form with your inquiry or request.
Please specify the nature of your request in the email you send.
If you have any questions, please contact us as set forth below.
Please note that there may be technical limitations that prevent us from fulfilling certain requests.
We may carry out deletion requests by de-identifying and/or anonymizing information such that it is no longer personal information.
We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws.
To protect your privacy, SmartNews will take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request.
In order to verify your request, we use an identifier that is unique to your device that has been assigned by our App.
If you submit a request in accordance with the instructions listed above, we will automatically receive the identifier.
If we do not receive this identifier when you make a request, we will not be able to verify your identity and will deny your request. How Long Do We Retain Your Information?
We store the personal information we collect as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws. The Security of Your Information
We take reasonable measures to protect the information that we collect from or about you from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
Please be aware, however, that no method of transmitting information over the Internet or storing information is completely secure.
Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information.
By using our Services or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of our Services.
If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on our Services, by sending an email to you, or through other means. Supplemental Notice for California Residents
This Supplemental Notice for California Residents only applies to our processing of personal information that is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”).
The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what categories of personal information SmartNews has collected about them and whether SmartNews disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service provider) in the preceding 12 months.
California residents can find this information below: Category of Personal Information Collected by SmartNews Category of Third Parties Personal Information is Disclosed to for a Business Purpose Identifiers 
Our affiliates
Service providers
Advertising partners
 Personal information categories listed in Cal.
Civ.
Code § 1798.80(e) 
Our affiliates
Service providers
 Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law 
Our affiliates
Service providers
Advertising partners
 Commercial information 
Our affiliates
Service providers
Advertising partners
 Internet or other electronic network activity 
Our affiliates
Service providers
Advertising partners
 Geolocation Data 
Our affiliates
Service providers
Advertising partners
 Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer 
Our affiliates
Service providers
Advertising partners

The categories of sources from which we collect personal information and our business and commercial purposes for using personal information are set forth above. Additional Privacy Rights for California Residents

“Sales” of Personal Information under the CCPA. For purposes of the CCPA, we do not “sell” personal information, nor do we have actual knowledge of any “sale” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age.

Non-Discrimination. California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA.

Authorized Agent. Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information.
To designate an authorized agent, please contact us as set forth below. Our Lawful Basis for Processing Personal Information
If your personal information is subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation or other related legislation, our processing of your personal information is supported by the following lawful bases: Performance of a Contract (i.e., to Provide Our Services to You) Legitimate Interest Consent For Compliance with Legal Obligations To Provide the Services or Information Requested ✔ ✔ ✔ To Measure Performance and Carry Out Research ✔ ✔ ✔ For Customer Support ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ For Advertising Purposes ✔ ✔ For Administrative or Legal Purposes ✔ ✔ ✔ Links to Other Services
Our Services may contain links to other websites and services, including News Content.
Any information that you provide on or to or that is collected by a third-party website or service is provided directly to the owner of the website or service and is subject to that party's privacy policy.
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to such websites or services and we’re not responsible for the content, privacy or security practices and policies of those websites or services.
To protect your information, we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies of other websites and services that you access.
Visiting these other websites or services is at your own risk. International Transfer
Your information may be transferred to, and maintained on, computing equipment located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction including, but not limited to, Japan, the United States of America, or other countries, where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction.
We endeavor to safeguard your information consistent with the requirements of applicable laws. Our Policy Toward Children
Our Services are not directed to children under 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.
If we learn that we have collected personal information of a child under 13 we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible. Questions? Please contact us at privacy@smartnews.com if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy.
If you have a question about SmartNews App, please contact us via inApp SmartNews Help Center.
 October 1, 2014Original English Privacy PolicyNovember 1, 2020Updated English Privacy Policy 
