
         Contents Support Managers Amyalka English online SmartBots English online TheSupremeGoddess English online Chiyoko Winslet English offline Dixie Jenkins English offline DjEspektro Aeon English, SP, PT offline Glaznah Gassner English, Russian offline NealB English, Hindi offline Rehnaeaislinn English offline Sammyredfire English offline Shorty McKeenan English offline show offline managers &nbsp.
English, Hindi, PT, Russian, SP &nbsp.
Terms of Service Terms of Service Terms of Services You agree to the following terms and conditions by using SmartBots services, websites, in-world devices and tools (including end-user services developed by SmartBots, programming interfaces provided by SmartBots and any third-party utilities developed based on SmartBots interfaces - “Services”).
&nbsp.


Using SmartBots Services

Each Service has been designed to perform specific tasks.
The interaction methods of each Service is documented, and various interfaces may be available for the user such as (but not limited to) manual input, various import and export procedures and remote network calls.

The misuse of the Services, for example damaging the whole Service of part of it, violating (intentional or not) Second Life Terms, Local and International laws or Terms of third-party participants may lead to suspension or cancellation of the Service(s) that we provide to you.
The violation of these Terms, or investigation of suspected misconduct may lead to suspension or cancellation as well.

If you do not comply with these Terms, violate them intentionally or unintentionally, and immediate action is not taken, this does not mean that we are giving up any rights that we may have, or grant you the rights to violate the Terms in full or partial.

The development of the subsequent third-party services, tools and devices (both in-world and online) which allows for violating these Terms (intentionally or not) is under the responsibility of the developer of such subsequent service.
The violation of the Terms by end-user does not relieve the developer or author of responsibility for such violation.

Using our Services does not give you ownership of any intellectual property rights in our Services or the content you access.
You may not use content from our Services unless you obtain permission from its owner or are otherwise permitted by law.
These terms do not grant you the right to use any branding or logos used in our Services.
Do not remove, obscure, or alter any legal notices displayed in or along with our Services.

In connection with your use of the Services we provide, we may send you service announcements, administrative messages, and other information.
You may opt out of some of those communications.
See the Privacy Policy for information summary, retention and opt-out details.


Privacy and Copyright Protection

To maintain the Services running we need to store some data which may be considered as personal (such as passwords, email addresses etc).
We do not share this information with any third parties, nor pass it to anyone.
You may request to opt out your information from our database, and your request will be fulfilled according to SmartBots Privacy Policy.

We respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement and terminate accounts of repeat infringers according to the process set out in the U.S.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act.

The Copyright Protection is being done in accordance with Second Life Copyright Policy and Terms.
Violating Second Life Policies receives the same status as violation of SmartBots Terms with all corresponding consequences.


Pricing and Subscriptions

The official pricing of our Services is published on SmartBots website.
We reserve the rights to change the pricing at any moment, however, keeping existing subscriptions and prepaid Services running until they expire.
The pricing can be changed by increasing or decreasing payment amount, terms and overall conditions.


Services Improvements and Termination

We are constantly changing and improving our Services.
We may add or remove functionalities or features, and we may suspend or stop a Service altogether.
You are free to stop using SmartBots Services at any time, with the financial refund of unused money balances which were not used for any of the Services yet.
Any kind of awards, commissions and bonuses (besides the money funded directly) are not a subject to refund.
The existing running subscriptions are not subject to refund unless this is intentionally mentioned (e.g.
Trial periods, refunds etc).
We will refund your terminated Service at the maximum technically possible level.


Warranties

Our Services are designed for everyday professional use and intended for wide range of Second Life users.
We provide a commercially reasonable level of skill and support, but some things are beyond our control and are not warranted.

Other than as expressly set out in these or additional terms, SmartBots and its partners, distributors and franchisees does not make any specific promises about the Services: the results and effectiveness of Services usage, availability of specific functions or their reliability.
The Services are provided “as is”, without warranty of the aspects mentioned above in this paragraph.

We are subject to conform to various attendant agreements: Second Life Terms and various supplier terms and conditions.
We are not responsible for changes which may occur in terms and conditions of underlying services and tools.


Terms Modification and Applicability

We may modify these terms or any additional terms that apply to a Service to, for example, reflect changes to the law or changes to our Services.
The current Terms are always available in your SmartBots account and your should look at the terms regularly.
We will post all modifications to the terms on this page.
Changes will not apply retroactively and will become effective no sooner than fourteen days after they are posted.
However, changes which affect the existing Services or changes made for legal reasons will be effective immediately.
If you do not agree to changes made to Terms you should stop using the Service according to the Service cancellation terms mentioned in this document.

Any conflict in these Terms and underlying terms (including Second Life Terms, website hosting provider terms, SmartBots local and international laws) is the subject to investigation with the priority of maximum mutual satisfaction of all sides involved.



&nbsp.
 Retrieved from "https://www.mysmartbots.com/docs/Terms_of_Service" Questions, wishes and discussion 
      