
         Cookie Notice Snapfish Cookie Notice Overlay
Effective Date: August 19, 2020

At Snapfish, we help you to bring your photos to life.
Whether you are a new snapper or a professional photographer, a proud parent or imaginative teenager, a passionate pet owner or an avid outdoor enthusiast, your privacy is important to us.


What Are Cookies and Why Do We Use Them? Cookies are small text files that are created when you use online services and are stored on your device, such as a computer or a smart phone.
At Snapfish, we use cookies and other tracking technologies such as pixels, tags, software development kits, application program interfaces and web beacons to:

Enhance your user experience by remembering your login and account settings when you use Snapfish online and mobile services (collectively “Services”)
Process your payment
Analyze Services usage and trends
Track your browsing history
Administer our Services
Improve the Services functionality
Deliver personalized advertisements
Market our products and the services

Types of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies at Snapfish.
A list of cookies used on our sites and apps is available in our Privacy Preference Center by clicking on “Cookies Details” for the relevant category.
While the list is subject to change from time to time, the categories of use described below will not change without notice. CategoryDefinition Essential Cookies
These cookies are essential for you to browse the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the site, holding items in your cart while you are shopping online and remembering your privacy settings are an example of strictly necessary cookies.
Essential cookies are necessary for the site to function and cannot be rejected.
Functional Cookies
These cookies allow a website to remember choices you have made in the past, like what language you prefer, or what your user name and password are so you can automatically log in.
 These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization.
They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.
If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Performance Cookies
These cookies collect information about how you use a website, like which pages you visited, and which links you clicked on.
None of this information can be used to identify you.
It is all aggregated and, therefore, depersonalized.
Their sole purpose is to improve website functions.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies are used by us or our third party partners to collect information about your online behavior or location to show you relevant or personalised content or advertising on this and other sites, apps or platforms, including social media.
Advertising cookies help improve the relevance of the advertising you see online How to Manage Your Cookies Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies.
You may manage the cookies that Snapfish uses through the settings in our Privacy Preference Center.
You may withdraw consent to future uses at any time through this feature.
Essential cookies – those that are necessary to the functioning of our sites and apps and to provide the service you requested (for example, a cookie to remember that you do not want any cookies set when you revisit the Services) – cannot be disabled.
Please be aware that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
You can also delete or prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this).
Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit.
Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of this site.
For more information about how to control or delete cookies, visit www.aboutcookies.org.
Depending on where you live, you may be able to access one convenient place to indicate your preferences, including the option to make one “universal” opt-out of interest-based advertising with participating entities.
For example, in the United States, you can visit this site: Ad Choices.
In the EU, you can visit this site: Your Online Choices.
When you opt-out using these methods, a cookie will be placed on your device indicating that you have opted-out of interest-based advertising.
If you delete your cookies, you will need to opt-out again.
These websites also provide detailed information about interest-based advertising and tips for managing your online privacy.
“Do-Not-Track” Technologies Internet browsers can transmit “Do Not Track” signals that indicate that a user does not wish to have activity tracked.
Currently, no universally accepted standard exists for how to interpret such signals.
We do not respond to web browser “Do-Not-Track” signals.
How Snapfish Notifies You of Changes to this Cookie Notice We periodically update this Cookie Notice to account for changed legal and operational circumstances, to describe new cookies and tracking technologies, and how those changes affect our use of your information.
When we do so, we will update the “Effective Date” above.
We encourage you to review this Cookie Notice each time you use our Services.
If we are going to use information in a manner that is materially different from that stated at the time of collection or make any material changes in our privacy practices, we will notify you through a prominent notice on our Services and we may notify you via email at the email address we have on file for you.
If you do not agree to the changes made to this Cookie Notice, we recommend that you stop using our Services or disable your cookies.
How Can You Contact Snapfish? If you have any questions or concerns about our Cookie Notice or our privacy practices, please do not hesitate to contact us via email at privacy@snapfish.com. Preference CenterYour PrivacyYour PrivacyWhen you visit our site, cookies are stored on your browser to collect information about you, your device, and your preferences.
This information is primarily used to improve your experience on the site.


You can reject certain types of cookies, but this may negatively impact your site experience and services.
The following headings tell you more.

Essential CookiesEssential CookiesAlways Active Essential CookiesNecessary for the site to function.
Cannot be rejected.
Set in response to you setting your privacy preferences, logging in, or filling in forms.
If you set your browser to block essential cookies, the site will not work.Cookies Details‎
Functional CookiesFunctional Cookies Functional CookiesRemember your choices (username, language, etc.), and provide you with a more personalized site experience.Cookies Details‎
Performance CookiesPerformance Cookies Performance CookiesCollect information about site use and performance, such as most popular pages, and when error messages pop up.
Used to help us improve how the site works.Cookies Details‎
Advertising CookiesAdvertising Cookies Advertising CookiesCollects information about your interests so advertising can be geared to those interests.
Helps improve the relevance of the advertising you receive.Cookies Details‎
Back ButtonAdvertising Cookies Filter ButtonConsent Leg.Interest Select All Vendors Select All Vendors Select All HostsSelect All

 REPLACE-WITH-DYANMIC-HOST-ID33Across33AcrossView Third Party Cookies
Namecookie name




 REPLACE-WITH-DYANMIC-VENDOR-ID33Across3 PurposesView Privacy Notice33Across3 PurposesView Privacy Notice REPLACE-WITH-DYANMIC-VENDOR-IDConsent Purposes
Location Based Ads
Consent Allowed
Legitimate Interest Purposes
PersonalizeRequire Opt-Out Special Purposes
Location Based Ads
Features
Location Based Ads
Special Features
Location Based Ads


Clear Filters Information storage and accessApplyCONFIRM MY CHOICES ALLOW ALL
      