
         Snap Inc.
Careers
News
Investors
Advertisers
Community Guidelines Updated: September 2020
At Snap, we contribute to human progress by empowering people to express themselves, live in the moment, learn about the world, and have fun together.
We created these Community Guidelines to support our mission by encouraging the broadest range of self-expression while making sure Snapchatters can use our services safely every day.
These Guidelines apply to all content on Snapchat — and to all Snapchatters, equally.
Advertisers and Media partners in Discover agree to additional guidelines, including the requirement that their content is accurate and where appropriate, fact-checked.
In certain cases, we won’t take action against content when it is newsworthy and relates to a matter of political, social, or other general concern to our community — as long as that newsworthy content is factual.
We've done our best below, and in our Terms of Service, to set out specific rules of the road for what content we allow on Snapchat.
But it's hard to anticipate every situation that might come up.
The key is the spirit of these rules: we want Snapchat to be a safe and positive experience for everyone.
We reserve the right to decide, in our sole discretion, what content violates that spirit and will not be permitted on the platform. Sexually Explicit Content 
We prohibit accounts that promote or distribute pornographic content.
We report child sexual exploitation to authorities.
Never post, save, or send nude or sexually explicit content involving anyone under the age of 18 — even of yourself.
Never ask a minor to send explicit imagery or chats.
Breastfeeding and other depictions of nudity in certain non-sexual contexts may be permitted.
 Harassment &amp.
Bullying 
We prohibit bullying or harassment of any kind.
Don’t send a Snap with the intention of making someone feel bad.
If someone blocks you, don’t try to contact them from another account.
Sharing another person’s private information and Snaps of people in private spaces — like a bathroom, bedroom, locker room or a medical facility — without their knowledge and consent is not allowed.
If someone is in your Snap and asks you to remove it, please do!
 Threats, Violence &amp.
Harm 
Encouraging violence or dangerous behavior is prohibited — never threaten to harm a person, a group of people, or someone’s property.
Snaps of gratuitous or graphic violence are not allowed.
We don’t allow the glorification of self-harm, including the promotion of self-injury or eating disorders.
 Impersonation, Deceptive Practices &amp.
False Information 
Pretending to be someone you’re not — this includes your friends, celebrities, brands, or other organizations — or attempting to deceive people about who you are is not allowed.
We prohibit spam and other deceptive practices, including manipulating content for misleading purposes or to imitate Snapchat content formats.
We prohibit spreading false information that causes harm or is malicious, such as denying the existence of tragic events, unsubstantiated medical claims, or undermining the integrity of civic processes.
 Illegal Content 
Don’t use Snapchat for any illegal activities — including to buy or sell illegal drugs, contraband, counterfeit goods, or illegal weapons.
We prohibit the promotion and use of certain regulated goods, as well as the depiction or promotion of criminal activities.
 Terrorism, Hate Groups, and Hate Speech 
Terrorist organizations and hate groups are prohibited from using our platform and we have no tolerance for content that advocates or advances violent extremism or terrorism.
Hate speech or content that demeans, defames, or promotes discrimination or violence on the basis of race, color, caste, ethnicity, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or veteran status, immigration status, socio-economic status, age, weight or pregnancy status is prohibited.

 Please remember that you can always file a report with our safety team using our in-app reporting feature or by completing this form.
We review these reports to determine whether there is a violation of these Guidelines and any action needs to be taken.
Please visit our Safety Center for more information about safety at Snapchat and detailed instructions on managing your Snapchat experience, including taking actions like updating your privacy settings, choosing who can see your content, and blocking other users.

If you violate these Community Guidelines, we may remove the offending content, terminate or limit the visibility of your account, and/or notify law enforcement.
If your account is terminated for violating our Terms of Service or these Guidelines, you may not use Snapchat again.
Please take these Guidelines seriously and honor them in the spirit in which they are intended.
© 2020 Snap Inc.
CitizenSnap
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Other Terms &amp.
Policies
Impressum
العربية中文（简体）中文（繁體）বাংলা (বাংলাদেশ)বাংলা (ভারতবর্ষ)DanskDeutschΕλληνικάEnglish (US)English (UK)EspañolEspañol (Argentina)Español (México)Español (España)FilipinoFrançaisગુજરાતીहिंदीBahasa IndonesiaItaliano日本語ಕನ್ನಡ한국어മലയാളംमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlandsNorskਪੰਜਾਬੀPolskiPortuguês (Brasil)Português (Portugal)RomânăРусскийSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుภาษาไทยTürkçeاردوTiếng Việt 
      