
         Snap Inc.
Careers
News
Investors
Advertisers
Cookie Policy A browser cookie is a small piece of data that is stored on your device to help websites and mobile apps remember things about you.
Other technologies, including Web storage and identifiers associated with your device, may be used for similar purposes.
In this policy, we say “cookies” to refer to all of these technologies.
Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect and use information from and about you when you use Snapchat and certain other Snap Inc.
services.
This policy explains more about how we use cookies and your related choices. How We Use Cookies Like most providers of online services, Snap Inc.
uses cookies, including third-party cookies, for a number of reasons, like protecting your Snapchat data and account, helping us see which features are most popular, counting visitors to a page, improving our users’ experience, keeping our services secure, providing relevant advertising, and just generally providing you with a better, more intuitive, and satisfying experience.
The cookies we use generally fall into one of the following categories. Category of cookies Why we use these cookies Necessary We use these cookies to run our site, and to identify and prevent security risks.
For example, we may use these cookies to store your session information to prevent others from changing your password without your username and password. Preferences We use these cookies to remember your settings and preferences, and to improve your experience on our site.
For example, we may use these cookies to remember your language preferences. Performance We use these cookies to collect information about how you use our site, monitor site performance, and improve our site performance, our services, and your experience.
For example, we can use these cookies to learn more about which features are the most popular with our users and which ones might need some tweaks. Marketing We use these cookies to deliver advertisements, to make them more relevant and meaningful to consumers, and to track the efficiency of our advertising campaigns, both on our services and on other sites or mobile apps.
Our third-party advertising partners Third-party advertising partners:×
Twitter
Pinterest
Google Analytics
LinkedIn
Bing
Pardot
Facebook
may use these cookies to build a profile of your interests and deliver relevant advertising on other sites.
Analytics and Advertising Services Provided by Others We may let other companies use cookies on our services.
These companies may collect information about how you use our services over time and combine it with similar information from other services and companies.
This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, and better understand your online activity.


Additionally, some companies, including our affiliates, may use information collected on our services to prevent fraud or other unauthorized or illegal activity and to measure and optimize the performance of ads and deliver more relevant ads on behalf of us or other companies, including on third-party websites and apps.
For more information about interest-based ads and the choices available to you, go here. Provided by Us We may collect information about your activity on third-party services that use cookies provided by us.
We use this information to improve our advertising services, including measuring the performance of ads and showing you more relevant ads.
Visit our Advertising Preferences page to learn more about Snapchat advertising and how you can control the information used to select the ads you see. Your Choices Your browser may provide you with the option to refuse some or all browser cookies.
You may also be able to remove cookies from your browser.
For more information about how to manage browser cookies, please follow the instructions provided by your browser.
Browser Cookies
Your browser may provide you with the option to refuse some or all browser cookies.
You may also be able to remove cookies from your browser.
For more information about how to manage browser cookies, please follow the instructions provided by your browser.
Mobile Device Identifiers
Your mobile operating system may let you opt-out from having certain device identifiers used for interest-based advertising.
You should refer to the instructions provided by your mobile device’s manufacturer.
this information is typically available under the “settings” function of your mobile device.
And of course, if your mobile device offers an uninstall process, you can always stop us from collecting information through the app by uninstalling the Snapchat app.
Change Your Settings
You can also block certain cookies by adjusting your settings on our sites.
Snap.com Cookie Settings
Snapchat.com Cookie Settings
Spectacles.com Cookie Settings
Yellowla.com Cookie Settings
Giftfromsnap.com Cookie Settings © 2020 Snap Inc.
CitizenSnap
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Other Terms &amp.
Policies
Impressum
العربية中文（简体）中文（繁體）বাংলা (বাংলাদেশ)বাংলা (ভারতবর্ষ)DanskDeutschΕλληνικάEnglish (US)English (UK)EspañolEspañol (Argentina)Español (México)Español (España)FilipinoFrançaisગુજરાતીहिंदीBahasa IndonesiaItaliano日本語ಕನ್ನಡ한국어മലയാളംमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlandsNorskਪੰਜਾਬੀPolskiPortuguês (Brasil)Português (Portugal)RomânăРусскийSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుภาษาไทยTürkçeاردوTiếng Việt 
      