
         Terms of Service These Terms Of Service apply to any service provided by snopyta.org.
We reserve the right to change the conditions at any time without prior notice.
Of course we do our best to notify users about changes via E-Mail, Mastodon and the status site.
1.
Account expiration
We do not expire unused accounts.
This may change if we are forced to save disk space for other users.
Such policy changes will be announced through all communication channels in a timely manner.
If you request deletion of your account the username will not be available for anyone in the future.
2.
Password and Recovery
For security reasons we cannot re-send you your account details.
When creating your account, you can select questions that will allow you to recover your password if you lose or forget it.
Remember to change your password periodically under account.snopyta.org.
We suggest to use a password manager to keep track of your password.
3.
Uploads
Uploading and (most importantly) publicly distributing copyrighted or illegal material can put other users and the entire project at risk, so just don't do it.
Ask for permissions before you upload.
Use copyleft material.
Accept it and support artists and projects that publish their works under these licenses.
4.
Ownership of and responsibility for content
All content, whether publicly published or privately transmitted, is the sole responsibility of the person who created such content.
Be aware that snopyta.org is not responsible for the safeguard of your own privacy.
We therefore invite you to make optimum use of all existing instruments to defend your rights.
Any use of or reliance on any content or material posted or obtained by you through the services is at your own risk .
However, in order to ensure our existence, we reserve the right to remove content if it violates applicable law.
Please refer to our privacy policy to learn more about how your information is being stored and used.
5.
Refraining from certain activities
You may not engage in the following activities through the services provided by snopyta.org: Harassing and abusing others through threats, stalking, doxxing or sending spam.
Abuse of services by spreading viruses or malware, by a denial of service attack, or by attempting to gain unauthorized access to a computer system, including a computer system.
Contribute to the abuse of others by distributing material in which the production process has resulted in violence or sexual assault against persons.
Activity not permitted by national or international law.
6.
Using services for commercial activities
Using Snopyta services for commercial purposes is not allowed and will be treated as abuse of the service.
Trading a service with third party is prohibited Accounts created for the purpose of generating profits will be subject to termination upon inquiry.
The use for any other commercial activity will be examined on a case-by-case basis and the decision to terminate such accounts will be taken on the basis of communication with the account holder and the nature of the activities concerned.
If you are unsure, feel free to ask.
Depending on the type of commercial activity we may allow the usage.
7.
No Warranty
You understand and agree that snopyta.org offers services "as is" and without warranty of any kind, either express, implied or statutory.
We expressly disclaim all implied warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.
We do not warrant the reliability, accessibility or quality of our services.
You agree that your use of our services is at your own risk.
8.
Questions
If you have questions about the above Terms of Service or noticed abuse, please contact us at legal@snopyta.org
