
         Search Search Menu Main Menu Become a Member Submit a Topic Shop Latest Top Fact Checks Collections News Archives Randomizer Cookie Policy No, not the cookies you eat.
Cookie Policy of Snopes  This document informs Users about the technologies that help Snopes to achieve the purposes described below.
Such technologies allow the Owner to access and store information (for example by using a Cookie) or use resources (for example by running a script) on a User’s device as they interact with Snopes.

 For simplicity, all such technologies are defined as "Trackers" within this document – unless there is a reason to differentiate. For example, while Cookies can be used on both web and mobile browsers, it would be inaccurate to talk about Cookies in the context of mobile apps as they are a browser-based Tracker.
For this reason, within this document, the term Cookies is only used where it is specifically meant to indicate that particular type of Tracker.

Some of the purposes for which Trackers are used may also require the User's consent, depending on the applicable law.
Whenever consent is given, it can be freely withdrawn at any time following the instructions provided in this document.
Snopes uses Trackers managed directly by the Owner (so-called “first-party” Trackers) and Trackers that enable services provided by a third-party (so-called “third-party” Trackers).
Unless otherwise specified within this document, third-party providers may access the Trackers managed by them. The validity and expiration periods of Cookies and other similar Trackers may vary depending on the lifetime set by the Owner or the relevant provider.
Some of them expire upon termination of the User’s browsing session. In addition to what’s specified in the descriptions within each of the categories below, Users may find more precise and updated information regarding lifetime specification as well as any other relevant information – such as the presence of other Trackers - in the linked privacy policies of the respective third-party providers or by contacting the Owner.
 To find more information dedicated to Californian consumers and their privacy rights, Users may read the privacy policy.
 Activities strictly necessary for the operation of Snopes and delivery of the Service Snopes uses so-called “technical” Cookies and other similar Trackers to carry out activities that are strictly necessary for the operation or delivery of the Service. Third-party Trackers SPAM protection This type of service analyzes the traffic of Snopes, potentially containing Users' Personal Data, with the purpose of filtering it from parts of traffic, messages and content that are recognized as SPAM. Google reCAPTCHA (Google LLC) Google reCAPTCHA is a SPAM protection service provided by Google LLC. The use of reCAPTCHA is subject to the Google privacy policy and terms of use.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
 Other activities involving the use of Trackers Basic interactions &amp.
functionalities Snopes uses Trackers to enable basic interactions and functionalities, allowing Users to access selected features of the Service and facilitating the User's communication with the Owner. Connecting Data This type of service allows the Owner to connect Data with third-party services disclosed within this privacy policy. This results in Data flowing through these services, potentially causing the retention of this Data. Registration and authentication By registering or authenticating, Users allow Snopes to identify them and give them access to dedicated services. Depending on what is described below, third parties may provide registration and authentication services.
In this case, Snopes will be able to access some Data, stored by these third-party services, for registration or identification purposes.
 Some of the services listed below may also collect Personal Data for targeting and profiling purposes.
to find out more, please refer to the description of each service. Auth0 (Auth0, Inc) Auth0 is a registration and authentication service provided by Auth0, Inc.
To simplify the registration and authentication process, Auth0 can make use of third-party identity providers and save the information on its platform.
Personal Data processed: Cookies, email address, first name, last name, password, picture and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
 Experience enhancement Snopes uses Trackers to provide a personalized user experience by improving the quality of preference management options, and by enabling interaction with external networks and platforms. Displaying content from external platforms This type of service allows you to view content hosted on external platforms directly from the pages of Snopes and interact with them. This type of service might still collect web traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it. Getty Images widget (Getty Images, Inc.) Getty Images is an image delivery service provided by Getty Images, Inc.
that allows Snopes to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
 Instagram widget (Facebook, Inc.) Instagram is an image visualization service provided by Facebook, Inc.
that allows Snopes to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
 YouTube video widget (Google LLC) YouTube is a video content visualization service provided by Google LLC that allows Snopes to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
 Vimeo video (Vimeo, LLC) Vimeo is a video content visualization service provided by Vimeo, LLC that allows Snopes to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
 Interaction with external social networks and platforms This type of service allows interaction with social networks or other external platforms directly from the pages of Snopes. The interaction and information obtained through Snopes are always subject to the User’s privacy settings for each social network. This type of service might still collect traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it. It is recommended to log out from the respective services in order to make sure that the processed data on Snopes isn’t being connected back to the User’s profile. PayPal button and widgets (PayPal Inc.) The PayPal button and widgets are services allowing interaction with the PayPal platform provided by PayPal Inc.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: See the PayPal privacy policy – Privacy Policy.
 Measurement Snopes uses Trackers to measure traffic and analyze User behavior with the goal of improving the Service. Analytics The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior. Google Analytics (Google LLC) Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google LLC (“Google”).
Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of Snopes, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
 Anonymized analytics services The services contained in this section allow the Owner, through the use of third-party Trackers, to collect and manage analytics in an anonymized form. Google Analytics with anonymized IP (Google LLC) Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google LLC (“Google”).
Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of Snopes, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. This integration of Google Analytics anonymizes your IP address.
It works by shortening Users' IP addresses within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
Only in exceptional cases will the complete IP address be sent to a Google server and shortened within the US.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
 Targeting &amp.
Advertising Snopes uses Trackers to deliver personalized marketing content based on User behavior and to operate, serve and track ads.
Some of the advertising services used by the Owner adhere to the IAB Transparency and Consent Framework, an initiative that facilitates responsible privacy practices across the digital advertising industry - providing Users with enhanced transparency and control over how their data are used for advertising tracking purposes.
Users can customize their advertising preferences at any time by accessing the advertising preferences panel from within the cookie notice or via the relevant link on Snopes.
Snopes participates in the IAB Europe Transparency &amp.
Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies.
Snopes uses iubenda (identification number 123) as a Consent Management Platform. Advertising This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes.
These communications are displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on Snopes, possibly based on User interests. This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose.
Information and conditions of use are shown below.
 Some of the services listed below may use Cookies or other Identifiers to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e.
displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside Snopes.
For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services. In addition to any opt-out feature offered by any of the services below, Users may opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.

Users may also opt-out of certain advertising features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or ads settings in general. Google AdSense (Google LLC) Google AdSense is an advertising service provided by Google LLC.
This service uses the “DoubleClick” Cookie, which tracks use of Snopes and User behavior concerning ads, products and services offered. Users may decide to disable all the DoubleClick Cookies by going to: Google Ad Settings.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
 AppNexus (AppNexus Inc.) AppNexus is an advertising service provided by AppNexus Inc.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt out.
 Sovrn (Sovrn Holdings Inc) Sovrn is an advertising service provided by Sovrn Holdings Inc.
Personal Data processed: Tracker and Usage Data.
Legal basis for processing: Legitimate interest.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
 Managing contacts and sending messages This type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the User. These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message. How to manage preferences and provide or withdraw consent There are various ways to manage Tracker related preferences and to provide and withdraw consent, where relevant:
Users can manage preferences related to Trackers from directly within their own device settings, for example, by preventing the use or storage of Trackers.
Additionally, whenever the use of Trackers is based on consent, Users can provide or withdraw such consent by setting their preferences within the cookie notice or by updating such preferences accordingly via the relevant consent-preferences widget, if available.
It is also possible, via relevant browser or device features, to delete previously stored Trackers, including those used to remember the User’s initial consent.
Other Trackers in the browser’s local memory may be cleared by deleting the browsing history.
With regard to any third-party Trackers, Users can manage their preferences and withdraw their consent via the related opt-out link (where provided), by using the means indicated in the third party's privacy policy, or by contacting the third party. Locating Tracker Settings Users can, for example, find information about how to manage Cookies in the most commonly used browsers at the following addresses:

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Apple Safari
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
Brave
Opera

Users may also manage certain categories of Trackers used on mobile apps by opting out through relevant device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile devices, or tracking settings in general (Users may open the device settings, view and look for the relevant setting). Advertising industry specific opt-outs Notwithstanding the above, Users may follow the instructions provided by YourOnlineChoices (EU), the Network Advertising Initiative (US) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (US), DAAC (Canada), DDAI (Japan) or other similar services.
Such initiatives allow Users to select their tracking preferences for most of the advertising tools.
The Owner thus recommends that Users make use of these resources in addition to the information provided in this document.

 The Digital Advertising Alliance offers an application called AppChoices that helps Users to control interest-based advertising on mobile apps.
 Owner and Data Controller Snopes Media Group, Inc.
864 Grand Ave #256 San Diego, CA 92109

Owner contact email: operations@snopes.com
Since the use of third-party Trackers through Snopes cannot be fully controlled by the Owner, any specific references to third-party Trackers are to be considered indicative.
In order to obtain complete information, Users are kindly requested to consult the privacy policies of the respective third-party services listed in this document.
Given the objective complexity surrounding tracking technologies, Users are encouraged to contact the Owner should they wish to receive any further information on the use of such technologies by Snopes. Definitions and legal references Personal Data (or Data) Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person. Usage Data Information collected automatically through Snopes (or third-party services employed in Snopes), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use Snopes, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment. User The individual using Snopes who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject. Data Subject The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers. Data Processor (or Data Supervisor) The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy. Data Controller (or Owner) The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of Snopes.
The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of Snopes. Snopes (or this Application) The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed. Service The service provided by Snopes as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application. European Union (or EU) Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area. Cookie Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser. Tracker Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device. Email Provides access to the User's primary email address. Legal information This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations, including Art.
13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).
This privacy policy relates solely to Snopes, if not stated otherwise within this document. Company About Us FAQ Contact Us Submit a Topic Navigate Home Search Archive Shop Sections Latest Top Fact Checks News Account Log In Create Account Like Us on Facebook Follow Us on Twitter Contact Us Use our RSS Feed © 1995 - 2021 by Snopes Media Group Inc.
This material may not be reproduced without permission.
Snopes and the Snopes.com logo are registered service marks of Snopes.com Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Don't Sell My Info Consent Preferences close× Main Menu Close Main Menu Become a Member What's New Fact Checks News About Us Contact Us Log In Create Account Search Search Snopes NoticeWe and selected partners use cookies or similar technologies as specified in the cookie policy.With respect to advertising, we and selected third parties, may use precise geolocation data and actively scan device characteristics for identification in order to store and/or access information on a device and process personal data (e.g.
browsing data, IP addresses, usage data or unique identifiers) for the following purposes: personalized ads and content, ad and content measurement, and audience insights.
develop and improve products.You can freely give, deny, or withdraw your consent at any time by accessing the advertising preferences panel.Learn more and customizeRejectAccept
      