
         Cookie Policy Cookies are small text files that browsers place on your device to enable certain features and functions.
Websites commonly use these files to help distinguish you from other users, provide secure access, or provide you with additional information about products and services, which can make your next visit easier and the site more useful. We use the following cookies: 

Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website.
They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website.
 

Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it.
This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
 

Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website.
This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
 

Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed.
We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests.
We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose  

Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control.
These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies.
However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site. &nbsp.

      