

(updated May 24th, 2018.
effective May 25, 2018)
 Introduction
This „Cookie Policy” applies to all visitors of Softpedia (http://www.softpedia.com and subdomains), an Internet web site owned and operated by SoftNews Net SRL, a company based in Bucharest, Romania, hereinafter referred to as the “Website”.
The information presented herein is meant to advise visitors and registered users of Softpedia on the usage of “cookies” by SoftNews Net SRL in regard to this “Website” and the services offered within. Definition
“Cookie” is a term used to refer to cookie modules and similar technologies through which information can be collected and stored.
An “Internet Cookie” (also known as “browser cookie” or simply “cookie”) is a small text file that contains alphanumerical data and is stored in the memory of computers, smartphones and other Internet-enabled devices.
A cookie has two components: the name and the content.

Cookies are installed (set) through instructions sent by a web server to a web browser (the application used to access a web site, such as Mozilla Firefox or Google Chrome) or by using a client-side scripting language (such as Javascript).
Cookies are “passive” by nature, meaning they cannot contain software applications, cannot contain malware and cannot themselves access information from the device they are stored on.
By design, cookies can only be accessed by the same web site that installed them, whenever the user returns to that web site. Cookie usage purposes
Cookies are used to improve the user experience of the Website, adapt some features to the preferences of each user, and ensure a smooth operation of the Website services.
Specifically:

Registering a user account
Saving user preferences
Anonymous web traffic statistics to the Website (this allows us to see how we are doing and which areas of the Website can be improved)
Delivery of online advertisements (since all Website services are free, this is how we are able to stay in business)
 Cookie lifetime
Cookie lifetime can vary depending on their purpose.
Based on lifetime, cookies fall in one of two categories:

Session cookies: stored temporary, deleted automatically when the web browser is closed
Persistent cookies: stored on the user’s device until a specific time (which can be minutes, days, or years in the future) or until deleted manually through web browser settings or specialized computer software
 Third-party cookies
Some parts of the content shown on the Website can come from external sources, which can add their own cookies, called “third-party cookies”.
Specifically:


YouTube: embedded videos (using youtube-nocookie for improved privacy) - privacy policy

Vimeo: embeded videos - privacy policy

Twitter: embedded tweets - privacy policy

Instagram: embedded instagram posts - privacy policy

Google Analytics: anonymous web traffic statistics (we use the following settings: anonymizeIP ON, Remarketing OFF, User-ID OFF) - details / settings / opt-out

Google Adsense/Doubleclick/AdManager: online advertisements - settings

33Across: online advertisements, non-personalized - policy/details - opt-out

Sovrn: online advertisements, non-personalized - policy for EU users - opt-out

Google reCAPTCHA: serviciu anti-spam/anti-bot - detalii
 Types of cookies used on the Website

Strictly necessary cookies: used to enable core web site functionality and store user preferences
Performance cookies: used
to
facilitate usage statistics, including web traffic statistics
Authentication cookies: used to allow registration of accounts as well as authentication (log in) to those accounts
Advertising cookies: used to allow statistics on the performance of advertisemens as well as target advertisements based on user interests
 First-party cookies list

__SP33K: used for user session handling (both visitors and authenticated users)
cooknotif2018: used to save acceptance of the privacy and cookie policies
sp6_news_viewtype: view type for News section homepage (list or grid)
nobubbleplz: permanently closing "related news" floating "bubble"
 Third-party cookies

_ga: Google Analytics, used to count sessions and unique users in web traffic statistics - details
_gid: Google Analytics, used to count sessions and unique users in web traffic statistics
_gat: Google Analytics, used to throttle requests to the statistics server
__gads/__gac: Google Adsense rate-limiting &amp.
performance - details
 Cookie management information
Disabling cookies makes the Website harder to use.
Some features will be degraded while others will not work at all.
For example, it is impossible to register or log in without cookies.
This way, using the download basket or the watchlist features is no longer possible.
Nevertheless, users can configure their web browser to reject (or accept) cookies sent by specific sites.
All modern browsers offer this functionality, which can be accessed through the “options” or “preferences” menu.
Disabling cookies will not stop advertisements from being show, but it might make them less relevant to users’ interests.

Here are a few useful links about managing cookies:


Video about cookies and cookie management
Cookie settings in Google Chrome
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Safari
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Opera
Cookie settings in Safari (iOS)
Cookie settings in Chrome (Android)
 Granular management for third party cookies
To learn more about the choices that advertisers provide generally for individuals to influence how information about their online activities over time and across third-party Web sites or online services is collected and used, visit:

European Digital Advertising Alliance
Network Advertising Initiative
Digital Advertising Alliance
 Additional information
For information regarding data collected by this Website and how collected data is used, see our Privacy Policy
Questions regarding cookie usage on this Website can be sent in written form, via email, to: dpo@softnews.ro
