
         PRIVACY POLICY 
© 2022 Sony Pictures Networks India Private Limited.
All rights reserved.

 1.
Application  This Privacy Policy is applicable to personally identifiable information collected, processed, stored and used in connection with http://www.sonyliv.com or via an dedicated application of the said URL accessible on Users’ mobile phones / tablets / other devices connected to the internet ("Site") operated by Sony Pictures Networks India Private Limited ("SPN"/ "we"/ "us"/ "our") having its office at Interface Building 7, 4th Floor, Off Malad Link Road, Malad (West), Mumbai – 400064, India.
This policy is in addition to the Privacy Policy incorporated otherwise on the URL.

 2.
Services  To facilitate your viewership and access of the content on the Site, the content may have been packaged by SPN differently, wherein the Content or Services may be accessible free of charge which may include advertisements or commercials or via a subscription model or a pay-per-view model with or without advertisements / commercials or with a combination of the foregoing.

 3.
Types of Information collected 
3.1 Information You Provide
 In order to use the Site and the services offered, Users ("User" / "You") must create an account with SPN ("SPN Account").
Creating the SPN Account may require the User to provide inter alia the following personal information associated with the User, including but not limited to his / her name.
gender.
residential address, including city / state / province (if applicable), postal code, country, and region.
phone and mobile number, e-mail address.
preferred language.
and login name and password ("Personal Information").

3.2 Automatic Information Collection
 3.2.1 SPN may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect information about how the Site is accessed and used ("Usage Information").
Usage Information may consist inter alia of the following data about your visit to the Site: content viewed, date and time of view, content listed on watch-later-list.
followed content.
favoured content.
access type depending on the model of services described hereinabove, number of website hits, type of computer operating system including the type of internet browser and internet service provider.
Usage Information is generally non-identifying in nature, but SPN may associate the same with other information collected and hence treats it as Personal Information.
 3.2.2 SPN also may automatically collect your IP address or other unique identifier for the computer, mobile device, technology or other device (collectively, "Device") which you use to access the Site.
A unique identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device when you access a web site or its servers, and our computers identify your Device by this number ("Device Identifier").
Some mobile service providers may also provide us with the physical location of the Device used to access the Site.

3.3 Cookies and Web Beacons
 3.3.1 By using the Site, you consent to our cookies, which are basically files that web servers place on your Device.
The use of cookies on the Site allows you to enjoy more seamless visits to the Site and more accurately measures your behavior on it.
There are two types of cookies that we may use: session and persistent.
Session cookies exist only during an online session and are removed from your Device when you close the browser software.
Persistent cookies remain on your Device after the browser has been closed.
While the cookies used on the Site do not identify you personally, they recognize your browser, unless you choose to identify yourself voluntarily.
You may choose to identify yourself for any one of the following reasons: by asking the browser to remember your username and password, or by requesting more information on any content or service available on the Site.
You may prevent the installation of cookies through your browser settings.
in which case not all functionalities of the Site may be available to you depending on the browser settings.
You may also configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set.
SPN requests you to check your browser and/or contact the administrators to learn how to change your cookie preferences. 3.3.2 SPN may also use Web Beacons in combination with cookies to understand how you interact with Site.
Web Beacons are typically transparent graphic images that are placed on the Site or in an email and allows the Site to measure your actions in opening the page that contains the Web Beacon. 3.3.3 SPN may also use other asynchronous methods and / or technology in combination with / without other tracking technologies to understand a User’s interaction with Site and content residing therein.
 3.3.4 This Site may also use a web analytics service provider who may use an Analytics Tool.
Analytics Tools use cookies, text files, SDKs, APIs that are stored on your Device and allow an analysis of your use of the Site.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Site, including the IP address, may be transferred to and stored on a server of analytics service provider, which may not be located within India and who may use such information, to analyze your use of the Site, to create reports about the web site activities and to provide further services associated with the use of the Site.
Furthermore, it may transfer such information to third parties, to the extent legally required or if such third parties process the data on behalf of the service provider.
By using the Site, you consent to such transfer of Personal Information including storage on servers not located within India.

3.4 Third Party Payment Gateway – Financial Information
 3.4.1 The Site uses third party payment gateways to process payments made on the Site.
The third party payment gateway service providers would require certain financial information including your credit card / debit card / mobile telephony operator account / other banking information.
Other than providing a confirmation upon receipt of payment against a membership account, SPN disclaims any and all liabilities in relation to your payment processing by such third party payment gateway service provider and the collection and processing of any information provided to the third party payment gateway service provider.
While using such payment gateways to make payments to SPN, you will be required to accept the terms of use and privacy policies of such payment gateway service providers.
We request you to please make yourself familiar with the terms of use and privacy policies of your respective payment gateway service provider before using such service.
You agree and acknowledge that SPN shall not be liable and in no way be held responsible for any losses whatsoever, whether direct, indirect, incidental or consequential, including without limitation any losses due to online fraud.
You can file / lodge any complaint with such payment gateways directly with the concerned third party payment gateway provider for redressal. 3.4.2 SPN advises you to be careful about phishing emails and advises you to be cognizant of the fact that identity theft can be committed through e-mail or other means, such as regular mail, fax or telephone by phishing.
Phishing is when you receive authentic-looking messages, but in reality it is sent by imposters using similar looking email addresses to obtain Personal Information especially personally sensitive data such as financial information.
Please remember that none of the payment gateways on the Site send e-mails that ask for unsolicited confidential information such as personally sensitive financial information by email and do not conduct or approve financial transactions over email.


 4.
Purpose of collection and usage of personal information  4.1 SPN may use the Personal Information collected for the following purposes, amongst others:  (1) process your registration; (2) enable you to visit the Site and enjoy more seamless visits to the Site; (3) enable you to use and receive the services offered on the Site, including e-mail communications informing you about the services and content provided by SPN through the Site.
 (4) contact you with regard to your SPN Account and in connection with any services or content subscribed through the Site; (5) tailor content and offers to you according to your preferences relating to business interests; (6) improve and enhance the Site according to your preferences relating to business interests and relating to website usage.
and  (7) other purposes specifically disclosed to you prior to the collection of your Personal Information or otherwise with your consent.
Subject to your consent, we may provide you with marketing materials about other services and content offered by SPN on the Site and may share your Personal Information with our affiliated companies only for marketing purposes.
 4.2 In particular, SPN may use tracking methods, mentioned hereinabove, for a number of purposes, including but not limited to: 4.2.1 provide general internal and customer analytics; 4.2.2 study traffic patterns in order to improve website performance, to customize the user experience, and to better match the users' interests and preferences; 4.2.3 keep track of preferences you specify while you are using SPN’s content or services; 4.2.4 recommendations of content to the user, based on usage; 4.2.5 support security measures, such as requiring re-login into the Site after a certain amount of time has elapsed; 4.2.6 when you login to the Site, cookies can also be used to save the username so that we can process the saved login information and quickly log you into the Site; 4.2.7 assist in identifying possible fraudulent activities;4.2.8 ensure if an email has been opened and acted upon.

 5.
Disclosure  We may share Personal Information with the following parties:
5.1 When You Agree To Have Your Personal Information Shared
 While on our Site, you may have the opportunity to opt-in to receive information and/or marketing offers from a third party or to otherwise consent to the sharing of your Personal Information with a third party.
If you agree to have your Personal Information shared, your Personal Information will be disclosed to the third party and the Personal Information you disclose will be subject to the privacy policy and business practices of that third party.

5.2 Third Parties Providing Services on Our Behalf
 We may from time to time employ third party service providers to perform functions on our behalf, such as hosting or operating our Site, hosting the Personal Information, executing interactive voice response programs, sending e-mail message communications, and providing data analysis services, within or outside India.

5.3 Affiliate Sharing and Business Transfers
We may share your Personal Information with other entities affiliated with us for internal reasons, primarily for business and operational purposes.
Subject to your explicit consent to receiving marketing materials from SPN affiliated companies, we may share your e-mail address and information on your preferences and interests with such affiliated companies in order for them to provide you with certain marketing and promotional communication.
SPN or any of its assets, including the Site, may be acquired/merged/de-merged/spun-off and/ or any other transactions may occur in which your Personal Information is one of the business assets of the transaction, your Personal Information may be transferred.

5.4 Legal Protections and Other Disclosures
We may transfer and disclose information, including your Personal Information, Usage Information and Device Identifier (including IP address), to third parties: to comply with a legal obligation.
when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.
at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation.
to verify or enforce the Site's Terms of Use or other applicable policies.
to respond to an emergency.
or otherwise to protect the rights, property, safety, or security of third parties, Users or the public.
Pursuant to valid requests by law enforcement agencies, we may also use Device Identifiers to identify users, and may do so in cooperation with copyright owners, Internet service providers, wireless service providers or law enforcement agencies, in our discretion.
Such disclosures may be carried out without notice to you.

 6.
SPN’S COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY AND CHOICES  6.1 SPN respects your privacy and is committed to protecting the personally identifiable information that you provide, in connection with your use of its Site.
SPN takes reasonable and appropriate precautions to protect your personally identifiable information from unauthorized disclosure and to prevent possible security breaches.
SPN has implemented a code of best practices for data protection which is compliant with the IS / ISO / IEC 27001 standard and hence in compliance with the standards set out under the provisions of the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules, 2011.
 6.2 You understand that part of the services offered via the Site is providing you with information about the content offered via the Site.
By providing your email address in the registration process you consent to the receipt of such content information via email.
You may opt out of receiving e-mail newsletters by following the opt-out instructions provided to you in the e-mail communication.
Please note that we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to your SPN Account or use of the Site in order to perform the requested services for you.
These transactional account messages will not be stopped even after you choose to opt-out from marketing communications.
In accordance with our routine record keeping, we may delete certain records that contain Personal Information you have submitted through the Site.
SPN is under no obligation to store such Personal Information indefinitely and hereby expressly disclaim any liability arising out of, or related to, the destruction of such Personal Information.
In addition, you should be aware that it may not be possible to completely remove or delete all of your Personal Information from our databases in order to effectuate any opt-out preferences you have made due to technical concerns with data backup and contingency support.
 6.3 SPN incorporates commercially reasonable safeguards to help protect and secure your Personal Information.
However, in light of the fact that electronic data can be intercepted, corrupted, lost or destroyed, please note that SPN cannot ensure or warrant the security of any data, and your use of the Site is at your own risk.
 6.4 You may contact us with your questions or comments or if you want to object to the processing and use of your personal information at: Sony Pictures Networks India Private Limited, Interface Building 7, 4th Floor, Off Malad Link Road, Malad (West), Mumbai – 400064, India.

 7.
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES AND YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE PRIVACY POLICY  SPN reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove any portion of the Privacy Policy in whole or in part, at any time.
Changes to the Privacy Policy will be effective when posted.
You agree to review the Privacy Policy periodically to become aware of any changes.
The use of the Site after any changes to the Privacy Policy are posted will be considered acceptance of those changes by you and will constitute your agreement to be bound thereby.
If you object to any such changes, your sole recourse will be to stop using the Site.

