
This web site is owned, operated and maintained by or for Sony Corporation ("SONY").

Please read these terms and conditions of use ("Terms and Conditions") carefully before accessing and browsing this web site ("Web Site").
You can use this web site only if you agree to and accept the Terms and Conditions without limitation or reservation.

SONY may, at its sole and exclusive discretion, change, alter, modify, add, and/or remove portions of the Terms and Conditions at any time by updating the contents of this page.
So you are requested to visit this page and check the then effective Terms and Conditions periodically.

This Web Site is linked to other web sites, also operated by SONY or its affiliates ("SONY Site").
In addition to the Terms and Conditions, use of each SONY Site shall also be subject to the terms and conditions particular to such SONY Site.
In the event that any of the terms, conditions, and notices contained in the Terms and Conditions conflict with the terms and conditions particular to such SONY Site, then the terms and conditions particular to such SONY Site shall prevail and govern such SONYSite. LIMITATION OF USE All materials on this Web Site is protected by copyright laws, and other applicable laws of each country throughout the world, and treaty provisions.
Except for personal, non-commercial internal use, you are prohibited to use (including, without limitation, coping, modifying, reproducing in whole or in part, uploading, transmitting, distributing, licensing, selling and publishing) any of the materials, without obtaining SONY's prior written permission.

Each software that is made available from this Web Site ("Software") is the copyrighted work of the respective owners and is protected by copyright laws and other applicable laws of each country throughout the world, and treaty provisions.
Use of the Software is subject to the terms and conditions of each end-user license agreement between the owner of such Software and end-user thereof.

The trademark "SONY" and any other product names, service names or logos of SONY used, quoted and/or referenced in this Web Site are trademarks or registered trademarks of Sony Corporation or any of its affiliates.
Other product names and/or company names used in the Web Site may be protected as their trademarks and/or trade names. PROHIBITED CONDUCT Please refrain from using this Web Site for any of the following acts: 

 (1) Infringing the legal rights (including the rights of privacy and publicity) of others 
 (2) Causing any damage or disadvantage to others 
 (3) Disturbing public order 
 (4) Criminal act 
 (5) Uploading or distributing any third parties' private information without obtaining approval from such third parties 
 (6) Using this Web Site for any commercial purpose.

 (7) Defaming, disgracing or libeling others 
 (8) Uploading files that contain viruses, corrupted files that may damage the operation of others' computers.

 (9) Any other activities that are unlawful or prohibited by any applicable laws.

 (10) Any other activities that SONY deems inappropriate.

 LINKS TO NON-SONY SITES The third parties' web sites (other than SONY Site) linked to or from this Web Site ("Linked Sites") are independently operated and maintained by such third parties and are not under the control and/or supervision of SONY.
Use of the Linked Site shall be subject to the terms and conditions stipulated by the operator of each Linked Site.
SONY would not be responsible for any loss or damage, however caused, in connection with the use of any Linked Site and your access to any of the Linked Sites shall be at your own risk.
Nothing contained in this Web Site shall be interpreted as a recommendation and/or endorsement by SONY of the contents of the Linked Sites and any products and/or services appeared on and/or provided through such Linked Sites.
Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to constitute a partnership or the like between the operators of the Linked Sites and SONY. PROPOSAL AND OFFER SONY and any of its affiliates have the policy not to accept, from the third parties, any proposal and/or offer for our products and/or services, including, without limitation, ideas for new or improved products, technologies, designs, processes, software, promotions, advertisements and marketing plans in order to avoid any possible future confusion between such proposal and/or offer from the third parties and our own.
So you are requested not to send any information which may contain your ideas, artwork, inventions, developments, suggestions or other works ("Idea").
Despite the foregoing request, if you send your Idea to our attention, then such Idea will be treated upon the understanding that you agreed to the following terms: 

 SONY has no obligation to treat the Idea as a confidential information.

 SONY has no obligation to study, evaluate or adopt the Idea.

 Even if SONY happens to adopt any idea identical or similar in whole or in part to the Idea, SONY has no responsibility and shall not be liable for any compensation therefor.

 DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTIES Except to the extent prohibited by applicable laws, SONY and/or any of its affiliates make no representation and warranty, either express or implied, statutory or otherwise, including warranties or representations with respect to the accuracy, reliability, completeness, fitness for particular purpose, non-infringement of third parties rights and/or safety of the contents of this Web Site, and any representations and warranties relating thereto are expressly disclaimed.
SONY and/or any of its affiliates shall not be liable for any loss or damage arising out of your use or access, or inability to use or access, the Web Site.

SONY may change and/or alter the contents of this Web Site, or may suspend or discontinue the services provided through this Web Site at any time without any prior notice.
Sony or any of its affiliates shall not be liable for any damages arising out of any alteration or change of the contents or inability to use this Web Site. APPLICABLE LAWS AND JURISDICTION This Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Japan unless otherwise expressly provided.
All controversies and disputes arising out of or relating to this Terms and Conditions shall be submitted to the Tokyo District Court in Tokyo, Japan as the Court of first instance.

 Trademarks 

