
         Privacy Policy Last updated: 24.11.2020 SpaceHey.com is owned and operated by tibush GmbH.
It is our policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, https://spacehey.com, and other sites we own and operate.
All information which is showing up publicly on your SpaceHey Profile can be edited by you and you can decide what is being displayed.
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you.
We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent.
We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service.
What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us.
Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
Please note that all Users on SpaceHey have full control over their SpaceHey Profiles and they are able to embed content from 3rd-party Servers.
This means that in addition to this privacy policy, you are bound by the privacy policy of any third party content provider that the user may have embedded in their profile.
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information.
If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
You can find our contact information in our Imprint.
