

 Search Support
 My Tickets 
 Privacy Statement  Home &gt.
Speaker Support &gt.
Terms of Service and Policies &gt.
Privacy Statement 
Simply Speaking, Inc.
has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for these websites:

speakermatch.com
speakermatchacademy.com
 Logging We may log your IP address and other information (such as browser type) to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Cookies Our site uses cookies to keep track of your session while you use our online software.
If your browser is set to reject cookies, you will not able to use our online applications, like the database of speaking opportunities.
We also use cookies to save your login ID (user name) so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site. Information Collection Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like your name and email address).
We use customer contact information from the registration form to create accounts on our system and to send the user information about our company.
The customer's contact information is also used to contact user via the phone when necessary.
This site contains links to other sites.
Simply Speaking, Inc.
is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services.
We collect customer's financial information (like their account or credit card numbers) when they place an order.
Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
We use third-party intermediaries to validate and process credit card information.
This information is passed through a secure payment system. Information Publishing Because of the nature of the services we provide, certain elements of the information entered by some users of the system is made available to other entities by default.
Your contact information, including your name, telephone number, address, website, email address, and images you post may be available for public access.
This is primarily the sharing of speaker's biography information with meeting planners and with other visitors to our web sites. 
Simply Speaking, Inc.
is the sole owner of the information collected on our websites.
We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Communication The services we provide are primarily business-to-business services, and as such will frequently send emails notifying users of information that makes our service valuable.
We also send regular newsletters to users.
At times we may use the phone to contact you regarding your account. Choice / Opt-out Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter may opt-out of receiving these communications by updating their email preferences from within their Member Center, by clicking the "unsubscribe" link in the message, or by submitting a ticket at https://support.speakermatch.com. Security This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Sensitive information, including credit card numbers, are encrypted with SSL before transmission.
Other than the appropriate financial institutions, only authorized employees of Simply Speaking, Inc.
and our authorized payment processing vendors are able to access credit card and other sensitive information. Legal Disclaimer Though we make every effort to preserve your privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our web site. Corrections/Updates This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.

Modify your profile in the online Member Center
Contact us via a method offered at https://support.speakermatch.com
 Cancel Account In order to cancel your account you must click the "Cancel My Acccount" link in your Member Center and complete the associated form.
Click here for more information about the SpeakerMatch Cancellation Policy. Notification of Changes If there is a significant change in our privacy practices, we will notify you by one or more of the following methods:

E-mail
Notice on home page of the Member Center
 Contacting Us If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, contact us via a support option at https://support.speakermatch.com Updated: Mar 21 (8 months ago) Other Articles 
 Affiliate Relationship Disclosure Policy 
 How do refunds work? 
 SpeakerMatch Terms of Service 
 How does your 8 week money back guarantee work? 
 How to cancel your SpeakerMatch Membership 
 About SpeakerMatch 
How It Works
Testimonials
Company Information
Who We Are
Client List
In The News
Press Releases
Careers
 Community 
Audio Interviews
Resources for Speakers
Affiliate Program
Mailing List
 Most Popular Articles 
How to cancel your SpeakerMatch Membership
How does SpeakerMatch Work?
How many speakers get booked through SpeakerMatch?
How many bookings does SpeakerMatch have every month?
What are the differences between Silver, Gold, and Platinum subscription plans?
SpeakerMatch Terms of Service
About Simply Speaking, Inc.
Who is behind the firm?
Privacy Statement
Interested in becoming a SpeakerMatch Affiliate?
 Policies 
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Cancellation Policy
 SpeakerMatch | 4807 Spicewood Springs Road, Suite 1120 | Austin, Texas 78759-8435 
      