
         Terms &amp.
Conditions 
Your Account &amp.
Decks
Responsibility of Contributors
Intellectual Property
Changes
Termination
Disclaimer of Warranties
Limitation of Liability
General Representation &amp.
Warranty
Indemnification
Miscellaneous

The following terms and conditions govern all use of the Speaker Deck website and all content, services and products available at or through Speaker Deck.
Speaker Deck is owned and operated by Speaker Deck LLC.

Speaker Deck is offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein and all other operating rules, policies (including, without limitation, Speaker Deck’s Privacy Policy) and procedures that may be published from time to time on this Site by Speaker Deck LLC.
(collectively, the “Agreement”).
Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using Speaker Deck.
By accessing or using any part of the web site, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement.
If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access Speaker Deck or use any services.
If these terms and conditions are considered an offer by Speaker Deck LLC, acceptance is expressly limited to these terms.
Speaker Deck is available only to individuals who are at least 13 years old. Your Speaker Deck Account and Decks If you upload a deck to Speaker Deck, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with the presentation.
You must immediately notify Speaker Deck LLC of any unauthorized uses of your account or any other breaches of security.
Speaker Deck LLC will not be liable for any acts or omissions by You, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions. Responsibility of Contributors Speaker Deck is only for sharing presentation slide decks.
If you upload a deck to Speaker Deck, or otherwise make (or allow any third party to make) material available by means of Speaker Deck (any such material, “Content”), You are entirely responsible for the content of, and any harm resulting from, that Content.
That is the case regardless of whether the Content in question constitutes text, graphics, an audio file, or computer software.
By making Content available, you represent and warrant that:

the Content is material that has been presented at a talk, such as at a conference, in a classroom, or other event;
the downloading, copying and use of the Content will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark or trade secret rights, of any third party;
if your employer has rights to intellectual property you create, you have either (i) received permission from your employer to post or make available the Content, including but not limited to any software, or (ii) secured from your employer a waiver as to all rights in or to the Content;
you have fully complied with any third-party licenses relating to the Content, and have done all things necessary to successfully pass through to end users any required terms;
the Content does not contain or install any viruses, worms, malware, Trojan horses or other harmful or destructive content;
the Content is not spam, is not machine- or randomly-generated, and does not contain unethical or unwanted commercial content designed to drive traffic to third party sites or boost the search engine rankings of third party sites, or to further unlawful acts (such as phishing) or mislead recipients as to the source of the material (such as spoofing);
the Content is not pornographic, libelous or defamatory (more info on what that means), does not contain threats or incite violence towards individuals or entities, and does not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party;

By submitting Content to Speaker Deck for inclusion in your account, you grant Speaker Deck LLC a world-wide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt and publish the Content solely for the purpose of displaying, distributing and promoting your deck.
Without limiting any of those representations or warranties, Speaker Deck LLC has the right (though not the obligation) to, in Speaker Deck LLC’s sole discretion (i) refuse or remove any content that, in Speaker Deck LLC’s reasonable opinion, violates any Speaker Deck LLC policy or is in any way harmful or objectionable, or (ii) terminate or deny access to and use of Speaker Deck to any individual or entity for any reason, in Speaker Deck LLC’s sole discretion.
Speaker Deck LLC will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid. Intellectual Property This Agreement does not transfer from Speaker Deck LLC to you any Speaker Deck LLC or third party intellectual property, and all right, title and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with Speaker Deck LLC.
Speaker Deck LLC, Speaker Deck, the Speaker Deck logo, and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with Speaker Deck are trademarks or registered trademarks of Speaker Deck LLC or Speaker Deck LLC’s licensors.
Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with Speaker Deck may be the trademarks of other third parties.
Your use of Speaker Deck grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any Speaker Deck LLC or third-party trademarks. Changes Speaker Deck LLC reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any part of this Agreement.
It is your responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes.
Your continued use of or access to Speaker Deck following the posting of any changes to this Agreement constitutes acceptance of those changes.
Speaker Deck LLC may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through Speaker Deck (including, the release of new tools and resources).
Such new features and/or services shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Termination Speaker Deck LLC may terminate your access to all or any part of Speaker Deck at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately.
If you wish to terminate this Agreement or your Speaker Deck account (if you have one), you may simply discontinue using Speaker Deck.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you have a paid subscription account, such account can only be terminated by Speaker Deck LLC if you materially breach this Agreement and fail to cure such breach within thirty (30) days from Speaker Deck LLC’s notice to you thereof.
provided that, Speaker Deck LLC can terminate Speaker Deck immediately as part of a general shut down of our service.
All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability. Disclaimer of Warranties Speaker Deck is provided “as is”.
Speaker Deck LLC and its suppliers and licensors hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
Neither Speaker Deck LLC nor its suppliers and licensors, makes any warranty that Speaker Deck will be error free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted.
You understand that you download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, Speaker Deck at your own discretion and risk. Limitation of Liability In no event will Speaker Deck LLC, or its suppliers or licensors, be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential damages.
(ii) the cost of procurement or substitute products or services.
(iii) for interruption of use or loss or corruption of data.
or (iv) for any amounts that exceed the fees paid by you to Speaker Deck LLC under this agreement during the twelve (12) month period prior to the cause of action.
Speaker Deck LLC shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond their reasonable control.
The foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law. General Representation and Warranty You represent and warrant that (i) your use of Speaker Deck will be in strict accordance with the Speaker Deck Privacy Policy, with this Agreement and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside) and (ii) your use of Speaker Deck will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party. Indemnification You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Speaker Deck LLC, its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of your use of Speaker Deck, including but not limited to your violation of this Agreement. Miscellaneous This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Speaker Deck LLC and you concerning the subject matter hereof, and they may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized executive of Speaker Deck LLC, or by the posting by Speaker Deck LLC of a revised version.
Except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise, this Agreement, any access to or use of Speaker Deck will be governed by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., and the proper venue for any disputes arising out of or relating to any of the same will be the state and federal courts located in San Francisco County, California.
Except for claims for injunctive or equitable relief or claims regarding intellectual property rights (which may be brought in any competent court without the posting of a bond), any dispute arising under this Agreement shall be finally settled in accordance with the Comprehensive Arbitration Rules of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Service, Inc.
(“JAMS”).
The arbitration shall take place in San Francisco, California, in the English language and the arbitral decision may be enforced in any court.
If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties’ original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect.
A waiver by either party of any term or condition of this Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof.
You may assign your rights under this Agreement to any party that consents to, and agrees to be bound by, its terms and conditions.
Speaker Deck LLC may assign its rights under this Agreement without condition.
This Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
