
         Updated: January 14, 2021 Privacy Policy Connectify cares about your privacy Your privacy and information security are as important to us as they are to you.
Connectify’s Privacy Policy explains exactly what data we gather, and how we process it.
We are only interested in gathering enough data to provide the service to you, and to tune Speedify's performance to be the fastest, most reliable VPN in the world.
If you have any questions please email us at: privacy@speedify.com
Thanks,
Alex Gizis
CEO
 The short version 
Connectify meets all the requirements of the GDPR.
Connectify collects the minimal amount of information that is needed to give you fast, reliable, secure communication.
Connectify does NOT track the websites you visit, the data you exchange, or anything related to your DNS requests.
Connectify does not share ANY personal information with third parties.
 WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT? When you use our website to learn about our services, we store your IP address, the type of browser you are using, the pages you access, and your operating system.
All data is stored on an anonymous basis.
We use this information so that we can display our website pages on your computer or mobile device.
At the time you purchase a Speedify subscription, you provide us with your name and email address.
We need this information so that we can create your account, and give you permission to access the services you subscribed to.
Your billing information is provided directly to Fastspring, Recurly, or Stripe payment services, and is not available to us.
For more information, please see Fastspring’s privacy policy, Recurly's privacy policy, and Stripe's privacy policy.
When you use Speedify to communicate over the Internet we receive your IP address and Device ID.
We also record at what time each connection begins, how long each connection lasts, and the amount of data used.
We use this information to provide you with a connection, troubleshoot issues, and improve performance.
If you contact us for support, we will need your email address so that we can respond to you.
If you wish, you may also provide us with your name (this is optional). HOW DOES CONNECTIFY PROTECT YOUR PRIVACY? We have no record of the websites that you visit.
We do not retain any of the data that you send or receive while using our services.
All of that information vanishes from our systems as soon as it is transmitted.
The personal information that we receive from you when communicating using Speedify is automatically deleted after six months.
Our backend servers and databases are encrypted and firewalled.
Those servers are located in the United States in physically secure facilities with restricted access.
We do not provide any personal information to third parties.
We do not provide governments with access to our data (unless we are required to by law). WHAT ABOUT COOKIES? Our website only has one cookie: _cfduid.
We use it to block malicious visitors from our website.
The data collected by the cookie is anonymized.
WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS? You can ask us to give you a copy of personal data that we have.
You can ask us to correct any personal data that is inaccurate.
You can also ask us to delete any personal information that we do not need to maintain your subscription.
You can ask us to delete all of your personal information (if you are ending your subscription), and we will do so without undue delay.
You can ask us to transfer your personal data to another company.
If you are in the European Union, you can lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority, or the Irish Data Protection Commissioner who we have designated as our lead supervisory authority in the European Union.
The address is:

Irish Data Protection Commissioner
Office of the Data Protection Commissioner
Canal House, Station Road, Portarlington, Co.
Laois, R32 AP23, Ireland
Phone +353 57 868 4757
Fax: +353 57 868 4757
Email: info@dataprotection.ie

If you are a California resident, please see our CCPA Privacy Policy here. HOW DO WE UPDATE OUR PRIVACY POLICY? By making changes on this website page, and indicating the effective date on the top of the document.
In some cases, we may send you a notification by email if you are a current subscriber.
If you do not accept the changes to our privacy policy, please let us know and we will close your account.
DO WE HAVE ANY AGE LIMITS FOR THE USE OF OUR SERVICES? Yes, we do.
If you are under age 16, then you are not permitted to use our services.
If you learn that someone under the age of 16 has opened an account with us, please let us know so we can close the account and delete their personal information.
HOW DO YOU CONTACT US? For Privacy Questions:
privacy@speedify.com For Other Questions:
support@speedify.com Mailing Address:
Connectify, Inc.
1429 Walnut Street, Suite 200
Philadelphia, PA 19102

