
         Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy describes how speedlight.io (also referred to herein as "SpeedLight", "our website", "we," "our" or "us") collect, use, and share information in connection with your use of our services (including website speedlight.io) and applications (collectively, the "Services").
This Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") does not apply to information our customers may process when using our Services.

We may collect and receive information about users of our Services ("users," "you," or "your") from various sources, including: (i) information you provide through your user account on the Services (your "Account") if you register for the Services.
(ii) your use of the Services.
and (iii) from third-party websites, services, and partners.

We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in full to ensure you are fully informed.
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at support@speedlight.io.
 Information we collect 
Information You Provide

1.
Account information.
When you register for an Account, we may ask for your name and email address.
2.
User content.
SpeedLight allows you to publish content on our Services.
By using SpeedLight, you agree that information you intentionally post to public (such as, but not limited to forum posts, blog posts, comments, testimonials, reviews and similar data) may be viewed and used by other users and third parties we do not control.

3.
Communications.
If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide.


Log Files

Like many other Web sites, our website makes use of log files.
These files merely logs visitors to the site - usually a standard procedure for hosting companies and a part of hosting services's analytics.
The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks.
This information is used to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement around the site, and gather demographic information.
IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.


Cookies and Web Beacons

Our website uses cookies to store information about visitors' preferences, to record user-specific information on which pages the site visitor accesses or visits, and to personalize or customize our web page content based upon visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.


General browsing cookies:


 Allow users to opt out of certain types of modeling, tailoring, or personalization in our products 
 Collect information on our users' preferences in order to create more useful products 
 Maintain the regular business operations of our Advertising and Marketing departments (such as one-time pop-ups or "hero" displays when first visiting a site and to collect impressions and click data) 
 Help to diagnose and correct downtime, bugs, and errors in our code to ensure that our products are operating efficiently 


User account cookies:


Validate the authenticity of persons attempting to gain access to a specific user account
Store user local browsing settings to adjust account layouts and simplify the data entry
Allow users to save the documentation searches they perform
Allow users to opt-out from specific information line careers offers pop-ups and such
Create a channel of direct communication between our support staff and users who request assistance


Third Party Cookies

The use of cookies, the names of cookies, and other cookies related cookies technology may change over time and SpeedLight will make all reasonable efforts to notify you by updating our cookies table where material changes occur and from time-to-time.


Restricting cookies

If you don't want SpeedLight to store specific cookies, you may clean them from within your browser's history and stop using the specific Services.
Please note that some Services may become unusable without cookies, however, you are not enforced to use all of Services if you need a limited set of Services only.


Our Advertising Partners

Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site.
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology in their respective advertisements and links that appear on our website and which are sent directly to your browser.
They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs.
Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) may also be used by our site's third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on the site.
 How we use the information We use the information we collect in various ways, including to:

 Provide, operate, and maintain our Services.

 Improve, personalize, and expand our Services.

 Understand and analyze how you use our Services.

 Develop new products, services, features, and functionality.

 Communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, including for customer service, to provide you with updates and other information relating to the Service, and for marketing and promotional purposes.

Find and prevent fraud;
 For compliance purposes, including enforcing our Terms of Service, or other legal rights, or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial process or governmental agency.



How we share the information

We may share the information we collect in various ways, including the following:

 Vendors and Service Providers.
We may share information with third-party vendors and service providers that provide services on our behalf, such as helping to provide our Services, for promotional and/or marketing purposes, and to provide you with information relevant to you such as product announcements, software updates, special offers, or other information.

 Aggregate Information.
Where legally permissible, we may use and share information about users with our partners in aggregated or de-identified form that can't reasonably be used to identify you.

 Analytics.
We use analytics providers such as Google Analytics.
Google Analytics uses cookies to collect non-identifying information.
Google provides some additional privacy options regarding its Analytics cookies at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.

 Business Transfers.
Information may be disclosed and otherwise transferred to any potential acquirer, successor, or assignee as part of any proposed merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction, or in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets.

 As Required By Law and Similar Disclosures.
We may also share information to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request.
(ii) enforce this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations hereof.
(iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
(iv) respond to your requests.
or (v) protect our rights, property or safety, our users and the public.
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and spam/malware prevention.

 With Your Consent.
We may share information with your consent.



Third Party Privacy Policies

You may access other third-party services through the Services, for example by clicking on links to those third-party services from within the Services.
We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices of these third-party services.

You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices.
Our website's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.


Children's Information

We believe it is important to provide added protection for children online.
We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children to observe, participate in and/or monitor and guide their online activity.

SpeedLight does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.
If a parent or guardian believes that our website has in its database the personally-identifiable information of a child under the age of 13, please contact us immediately (using the contact in the first paragraph) and we will use our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.


Security

SpeedLight is committed to protecting your information.
To do so, we employ a variety of security technologies and measures designed to protect information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information.
However, please bear in mind that the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure.


Data retention

We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements).

When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.


Your data protection rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

If you are a resident of the EEA, you have the following data protection rights: 

 If you wish to access, correct, update, or request deletion of your personal information, you can do so at any time by emailing support@speedlight.io.


In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information, or request portability of your personal information.
Again, you can exercise these rights by emailing support@speedlight.io.


 You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time.
You can exercise this right by clicking on the "unsubscribe" or "opt-out" link in the marketing emails we send you.
To opt-out of other forms of marketing, please contact us by emailing support@speedlight.io.

 Similarly, if we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time.
Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.

 You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information.
For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.


We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.


Consent

By using our website, you hereby consent to our privacy policy and agree to its terms.


Update

This Privacy Policy was last updated on: Friday, November 28th, 2019.
Should we update, amend or make any changes to our privacy policy, those changes will be posted here.

