
SpigotMC Terms &amp.
Rules
Please read before using this website or any services provided by SpigotMC Pty.
Ltd. SpigotMC Pty.
Ltd.
(SpigotMC, Spigot, we, us, our) provides a number of online services primarily catered towards multiplayer gaming and programming.
In order to ensure that these services are used appropriately and that a positive environment is created for all, we have a number of terms and rules that must be abided by.
These are written primarily with the Spigot Forums in mind, however unless otherwise stated they apply to all services provided by SpigotMC, including those under the spigotmc.org and spi.gt domains.

Terms of Service

Please see https://www.spigotmc.org/wiki/spigot-terms/

Rules



Keep all content respectful and appropriate.

If you think it might be disrespectful or inappropriate, don't say it.
Content of an adult or sexual nature is strictly prohibited.
The general guideline for this is that content must be "PG-13" or below.





Racism, sexism, or other forms of bigotry are strictly prohibited.

Do not use racial slurs or bigoted remarks (e.g.
concerning English abilities or choice of programming language) towards other users.



Any form of trolling, flaming, flame-baiting, or being overly aggressive towards other users it not permitted.

Keep discussion civil.
Do not harass or threaten other users, or use SpigotMC as a place to coordinate attacks on others.
Keep discussion relevant.
Do not derail threads with irrelevant material.
The offtopic section is for threads that don't fit within any other category of the forums.
They should still stay on track with their given topic.


Do not insult other users.
If it isn't nice, just don't say it.
Even if another user is insulting you, it is best to just report their content and move on.



Do not abuse any feature of the forums or your privileges may be revoked.

Do not abuse the resources system.
Posting malicious resources is strictly not allowed.
This includes plugins which are malicious towards players (e.g.
crashing their client).
Posting someone else's plugin or resource is not allowed.
This includes minor edits such as configuration changes and code taken directly from tutorials or other resources.
"Premium Resources" are held to a higher standard of originality and have greater punishments associated with breaching of these rules.


Refrain from commenting on "Premium Resources" which you have not purchased, especially if you are criticising its price or worth.
Do not distribute "Premium Resources" to those who have not purchased them.
Using pay-per-click sites such as adf.ly or similar services to distribute resources is forbidden.
You are allowed to obfuscate your resources, however the decompiled code must be somewhat legible by staff and is subject to the following limitations:
Free resources may only use basic name obfuscation (ie what Mojang does with Minecraft).
This limits you to certain free publicly available obfuscators (eg Proguard, yGuard).
See https://www.spigotmc.org/threads/420746/ for a complete list of approved obfuscators and settings.


Do not use string obfuscation or anything that hides code flow.
In exceptional circumstances exceptions to this rule may be granted.


All resources must retain an unobfuscated package root and main class name.
com.example.myplugin.MyPlugin is an acceptable main class name, com.example.myplugin.a, a.a.a.MyPlugin or a.a.a.a.
are not.
com.example.myplugin.a.a is an acceptable secondary class name, a.a.a.SecondaryClass or a.a.a.a are not.


Obfuscation designed to crash inspection tools is not allowed.

All parts of a class must be visible when decompiled and it must be clear what all parts of the code is supposed to do.
Class encryption is not allowed.
It does not add meaningful security anyway.


Obfuscated class or member names should not be unnecessarily long or difficult to inspect.
Long (eg llililililillllllliiiillliiiiillii) or illegal (eg CON1) names are not more secure than any other method of name obfuscation — don't use them.


Obfuscation techniques that unnecessarily increase the file size are not allowed.
We may request you use a different obfuscator or none at all.
We reserve the right to remove obfuscated resources without consultation, especially if we believe obfuscation is being used to hide rule-breaking code.


You may not use the name of other servers or brands to advertise your resource unless consent has been given.
This means that resources such as "XXXX inspired by YYYY.net" / "AAAA like BBBB" are not allowed unless YYYY.net has given permission for their brand to be used in this way.


This includes the "post ratings" feature which is designed to be used appropriately and in moderation.
Do not attempt to bypass restrictions such as minimum character or word count.
Do not access the forums via automated mechanisms.
Do not blank out question threads after you have received an answer.
Doing so will lead to a 1 week ban.



Swearing should be used in moderation.

Shouldn't be directed at other people or businesses.
Shouldn't be excessive.
Shouldn't contravene other rules.



Do not post content in the wrong category.

Spigot has several categories available to allow us to keep content organized.
Please post in the correct category, and if you are unsure, post it in what you think is the closest match.
Where applicable, please follow the category specific sticky threads which outline what content is and isn't acceptable, as well as what format to post it in.
Where SpigotMC software is concerned, discussion, support and distribution should be limited to official versions and sources.
Resources that require third party software to load (e.g.
Skript) should clearly state so in the description.



No advertising servers, products, or services outside of the "Services &amp.
Recruitment" section.

Many of our users are already very busy with their own servers, so advertising your own is not generally productive.
Instead consider using the "Rate My Server!" section for suggestions on improvement.
Only post an IP or server address if it is necessary for the purpose of the thread.


Do not post threads asking for the community to "Name your X", including, but not limited to usernames, servers, services, products, etc.
This includes threads asking for an appraisal of price or "Would you buy X?".


Threads and posts advertising or requesting products/services will be removed without warning.
This includes hosting services and YouTube videos.
Affiliate links may not be used in forum posts.


Sending unsolicited private messages to users containing any sort of offer, recommendation, service, product, etc.
is not allowed.
Advertisements (including sponsorships) are allowed on resource pages within the following limits:
Advertising must be secondary to the resource itself.
That is the primary focus must be on the resource and not other content.
Resources that appear to only exist only to advertise may be removed.

Advertisements that are more than a line or two must be kept out of the first half of the description.
Please put banners and large bodies of text towards the end of the description (ie below the fold).

Please keep advertisements limited to what is reasonably necessary.


Advertising must be limited to the resource page itself.
You may not use resource updates, the resource itself (eg console or in-game messages), or any other location for any advertisement whatsoever.

Advertisements must be directly related to running or developing a Spigot based Minecraft server or network.
SpigotMC reserves the right to determine what constitutes an advertisement and to disallow specific advertisements at any time for any reason.
Advertisements may not include products or services in competition with SpigotMC or its affiliates.


You must have an actual business arrangement with the advertisement target or sponsor.
This means that you cannot promote your resource by feigning endorsement or sponsorship.


The advertisement must not contravene other forum rules.
Authors that are found to be abusing the use of advertisements may lose the option to do so.
This rule is not subject to 'grandfathering' as prior to it all forms of advertisement were against the rules.





Do not threaten other users, servers, or communities.

We do not support hate towards others, including, but not limited to threatening DDoS attacks, harassment, or similar activities.
Any release of private or personal information is not permitted under any circumstances.
This includes addresses, locations, or IP addresses.



Keep content in English as much as possible.

Please use a translating service to translate your content before posting if you are unable to speak English.
English speaking users should be kind and courteous to other users who aren’t as fluent in English.
Deliberately harassing the user for a lack of English proficiency is not permitted.



Discussion or distribution of illegal content is not permitted in any form.

This includes, but is not limited to pirated content and nulled licenses for paid software.
In addition to this, the community will not support users of such software.


It is not permitted to give or request advice of a legal nature on these forums.
Such requests should be handled by a legal professional licensed to practice in your jurisdiction.



Creation of multiple accounts is not permitted.

If you have a legitimate need for a second account, please email tmp-support@spigotmc.org to request permission first.
Permission will only be granted if the account is used for a single, specific purpose, and subject to the condition that the individual accounts of all users with access remain in good standing.


You are responsible for all actions performed by your account.
Keeping your account secure is your responsibility.
"I was hacked" and "It was my friend/brother" are not excuses.
We provide additional mechanisms such as "two factor authentication" to help you with this.


Usage of a public proxy or VPN is at your own risk.
If the IP address you use is shared with banned users, you too may be banned.


Name changes are generally available only to donors and only at our discretion.
If however your account name contains personally identifiable information, then you may be granted one name change, again at our discretion.

Using an alternative account to bypass a ban or other punishment will result in an extension of your punishment.
If you wish to obtain more information about your ban, please send an email to tmp-support@spigotmc.org.
Discussion of your ban, or other user's bans is strictly prohibited.
Accounts may not be sold without specific permission from SpigotMC.
If there is any indication you are attempting to, or have sold your account it will be permanently banned.



Be sure to follow any and all section specific rules, and their implications across the forums as a whole.

Services and Recruitment
Resources
Resource reviews will not be moderated or removed by staff unless they violate a general forum rule.
This means that "false" reviews will not be removed unless there is evidence of targeted harassment.


If users are found to be abusing the review system, specific punishments may be enacted.
Resources may only be transferred to another user if the current author requests so via the report feature.
Resource transfers are final and cannot be reverted except by following the same process.





If you require staff assistance, please open a report.
Do not private message staff members.

Please only use the support email address, tmp-support@spigotmc.org for questions that require admin intervention.
Typical wait times for a response are on the order of one week.



These rules are subject to change at any time and are in no way permanent.
We are not responsible for notifying you of changes.


Moderator's decisions are final and may involve enforcement of other unlisted rules.

Any complaints about a moderator's actions must be directed to the administration team at admin@spigotmc.org.




Punishment System


Punishments for violations of these rules are issued by moderators and highly dependent on context.
The following is provided as a guideline only and extreme variations may be encountered:
The more specific the rule is, the harsher the punishment will be.
This means for example that if you make a slightly rude post, it may just be deleted with a warning, whereas if you post a malicious resource then the punishment may be an instant ban.
Moderators will always consider previous behaviour before issuing a punishment.
This means that persistent rule breakers will be subject to progressively harsher punishments and may ultimately be permanently excluded from our services.




Thanks,
~ Spigot Team 
      