
         This site is optimized for Javascript enabled browsers.
Please turn on Javascript for a better browsing experience.



Sign In
Search
MLB
NFL
NBA
NHL
NCAA Basketball
NCAA Football
MLS
Premier League
Other








Profile


Settings


Sign out




Sign In 
MLB
NFL
NBA
NHL
NCAAB
NCAAF
MLS
Premier
More
Shop
 Privacy Statement &nbsp.
Why do you need my email? 
To communicate with you: We need your e-mail to confirm you are an actual person, and to communicate with you about your account with SportSpyder.
We will only send you updates about SportSpyder if you choose to receive such emails.


We keep it to ourselves: SportSpyder uses your information for internal purposes only.
We keep this information private and will never sell, share, or distribute this information to anyone else.
 What type of personal information do you gather? 
What you give us: We store any information you give us when registering and logging into our website.
Any customizations to the website that you do are stored so that you can keep these personalized settings for a later date.


IP address: This site uses your IP address to help administer our site and identify any problems that may occur.
Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information, specifically to understand what browsers visitors to this site use, and from what regions of the planet they access our site.


Cookies: Cookies are bits of information that are stored on your computer to help us remember you when you come back to SportSpyder.
We use cookies to display preferences when you access the site as well as allowing you to login and customize your experience on SportSpyder.

 We use third-party advertising companies to serve the ads displayed on our website.
These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email or phone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see http://networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
 Can I change my privacy preferences? 
Your SportSpyder profile: When logged in you can change your privacy preferences on your "Fan Profile" page.


Removing your account: If for some reason you would like us to erase all history of your account with SportSpyder you can do so by submitting a request on the Contact area of our website.


Contacting the Web Site: If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can get in touch with us on the Contact area of our website.


 Follow us on Twitter 
 Like us on Facebook 
 Send us Feedback © 2005-2021 SportSpyder, LLC All rights reserved.
About | Contact Us | Advertise | Privacy Other marks, names, and titles are property of their respective owners.

SportSpyder is not affiliated with MLB, NFL, NBA, NHL, MLS, EPL, or NCAA in any way.
 Please Sign in Close 
 Don't have an account yet? Sign up → Username Password  Forgot your password?  Cancel Sign in Sign Up for a SportSpyder Account Close 
 Already have an account? Sign in → Username* Your nickname on Sportspyder.
At least 4 characters.
Password* Something hard to guess.
At least 4 characters.
Email* Cancel Sign up Upgrade to PRO Close 

 This feature requires a SportSpyder PRO account.
 Cancel Learn More Ad Blocker Detected Close 

 We notice you're running ad-blocking software.
Please consider supporting us by disabling ad blocking for SportSpyder, or sign up for a free trial of our ad-free SportSpyder Pro service.

 - or - 
 Sign into your existing account.
 Username Password  Forgot your password?  Cancel Sign in Are you sure? Close 

Are you sure?

 Cancel Confirm 
      