

Last Updated: November 17, 2020
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by Sporcle, Inc.
("Sporcle").
This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you use the Sporcle websites and any other Sporcle website, mobile applications and other products and services that link to this policy (collectively, the "Services").
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time.
If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you an email notification).
We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy. Collection of Information Information You Provide to Us We collect information you provide directly to us.
For example, when you create an account, we collect your username and email address.
We may also collect information if you choose to provide it in other ways, such as when you create or update your profile, submit or comment on a quiz, participate in any community features of the Services, participate in a contest or promotion, invite friends, post a bulletin, join a trivia league, apply to be a host, fill out a form, send a message, request customer support, or otherwise communicate with us.
The types of information we may collect include your name, photo, contact information (such as email address, address and phone number), city, state, country, gender, credit card or other payment information, and other information you choose to provide.
If you choose to create a bio for your profile, we collect whatever information you include in that bio.
If you win prizes through one of our offline events, we will collect the information contained in any required forms that you complete and send to us. Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Services When you access or use our Services, we automatically collect information about you, including:


Activity Information: We collect information about your activity on our Services, such as quizzes you have taken, quizzes you have created, and quiz rankings.

Transactional Information: When you make a purchase or sign up for a Sporcle Orange account, we collect information about the transaction and the date of the transaction.

Log Information: We log information about your use of our websites, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to our website.

Device Information: We collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access our Services, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers and mobile network information.

Location Information: When you use our Sporcle Live app, we may collect information about the location of your device if you consent to the collection of this information through your device.
For more details, please see "Your Choices" below.

Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: We (and our service providers) use tracking technologies, such as cookies and web beacons, to collect information on our Services about you.
Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us to improve our Services, improve your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular, and count visits.
We may also collect information using web beacons (also known as "tracking pixels").
Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Services or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon.
For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see "Your Choices" below.
 Information We Collect from Other Sources We may also obtain information from third-party sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services.
For example, we may collect information about you from advertising networks and data analytics providers.
Additionally, if you create or log into your account through a social media service such as Facebook or Google+, we may have access to certain information from that service, such as your name, account information and friends lists, in accordance with your privacy settings for that service. Use of Information We use the information we collect about you to:

Provide, maintain and improve our Services;
Provide and deliver the services you request, process transactions and send you related information, including confirmations, notifications, and invoices,
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service;
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by Sporcle and others, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services;
Detect, investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities and protect the rights and property of Sporcle and others;
Personalize and improve the Services and provide advertisements, content or features that match user interests;
Process and deliver contest entries and rewards;
Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your interests and provide you with better service.
and
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.

We and our service providers may transfer your personal information to, or store or access it in, other countries where the laws may not provide levels of protection for your personal information equivalent to the protection provided by the laws of your home country. Sharing of Information We will not share your information except in the following circumstances or as otherwise specified in this Policy:

With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf such as companies that assist us with web hosting, payment processing, fraud prevention, customer service, and marketing and advertising;
If you post content in one of the public areas of our Services, we share this information publicly on our Services;
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation;
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of Sporcle or others;
With our lawyers and other professional advisors where necessary to obtain advice or otherwise protect and manage our business interests;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
and
With your consent or at your direction, including if we notify you through our Services that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information.

Your profile information and any information you post in any public area of the Services or submit for publication will be publicly available.
This includes, for example, information contained in any quizzes or comments you post.
Information about your achievements may also be publicly shared, such as through our Leaderboard page.
We may also share aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify you. Social Sharing Features The Services may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Facebook "Like" button), which let you share actions you take on our Services with other media, and vice versa.
The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature.
For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies and your privacy settings of the entities that provide these features. Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others We allow others to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet and in mobile apps, as well as to provide analytics services.
These entities may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites, including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in mobile apps, links clicked and conversion information.
This information may be used by Sporcle and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other web services, and better understand your online activity.
For example, Google and its partners use cookies to serve ads based on your visit to our website and/or other sites on the Internet.
You may opt out of the use of this cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Another example is the use of Google Analytics to help us understand the use of our Services, such as what pages are being accessed.
We also use a specific part of Google Analytics called Demographics and Interest Reporting to better understand our users.
Should you wish to opt-out of this please visit here.
When you use our website, we share information that we collect from you, such as your email (in hashed form), IP address or information about your browser or operating system, with our identity partners/service providers, including LiveRamp Inc.
LiveRamp returns an online identification code that we may store in our first-party cookie for our use in online and cross-channel advertising and it may be shared with advertising companies to enable interest-based and targeted advertising.
To opt out of this use, please click here.
For more information about Internet-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit https://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and https://www.aboutads.info/choices .
If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), visit https://www.youronlinechoices.eu .
Your device may also include a feature (“Limit Ad Tracking” on iOS or “Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads” or “Opt Out of Ads Personalization” on Android) that allows you to opt out of having certain information collected through mobile apps used for behavioral advertising purposes. Security Sporcle takes reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Transfer of Information to the United States and Other Countries Sporcle is headquartered in the United States, and we have operations and service providers in the United States and other countries.
Therefore, we and our service providers may transfer your personal information to, or store or access it in, jurisdictions that may not provide levels of data protection that are equivalent to those of your home jurisdiction. Residents of the European Economic Area If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (“UK”), you have certain rights and protections under the law regarding the processing of your personal data, as described in this section. Legal Basis for Processing When we process your personal data, we will only do so in the following situations:

We need to use your personal data to perform our responsibilities under our contract with you (e.g., providing the Sporcle services you have requested).
We have a legitimate interest in processing your personal data.
For example, we may process your personal data to communicate with you about changes to our Services, and to provide, secure, and improve our Services.
We have your consent to process your personal data.
We are required by law to process your personal data.
 Data Subject Requests If you are a resident of the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, you have the right to access personal data we hold about you and to ask that your personal data be corrected, erased, or transferred.
You may also have the right to object to, or request that we restrict, certain processing.
To exercise these rights, you may contact us as indicated below. Data Retention We store the information we collect about you for as long as is necessary for the purposes for which we originally collected it.
We may retain certain information for legitimate business purposes or as required by law. Questions or Complaints If you are a resident of the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK and have a concern about our processing of personal data please contact us as indicated below.
If we are not able to address your concerns, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data privacy authority where you reside.
For contact details of your local Data Protection Authority, please see: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm Consumer Privacy for California Users The California Consumer Privacy Act or “CCPA” (Cal.
Civ.
Code § 1798.100 et seq.) affords consumers residing in California certain rights with respect to their personal information.
If you are a California resident, this section applies to you. California Consumer Privacy Act In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information as defined under Cal.
Civ.
Code § 1798.140(o): Identifiers (if you create an account with us), Commercial Information (if you make a purchase), Characteristics of Protected Classifications Under California or Federal Law (if you create a profile and include such optional information in your bio), Internet or other Electronic Network Activity Information, and Geolocation Data (if you use our Sporcle Live App).
For details about the precise data points we collect and the categories of sources of such collection, please see the Collection of Information section above.
We collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in the Use of Information section above.
Sporcle does not sell your personal information.
We do allow our advertising partners to collect certain device identifiers and electronic network activity via our Services to show ads that are targeted to your interests.
To opt out of having your personal information used for targeted advertising purposes, please see the Advertising and Analytics section above.
We do not knowingly sell personal information about consumers under the age of 16.

Subject to certain limitations, you have the right to (1) request to know more about the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, and disclose, (2) request deletion of your personal information, (3) opt out of any “sales” of your personal information that may be occurring, and (4) not be discriminated against for exercising these rights.
You may make these requests by emailing us at privacy@sporcle.com.
We will verify your request by asking you to provide information related to your recent interactions with us.
Note that, if you do not have a Sporcle account, we may not have enough information about you to verify your Right to Know and Right to Delete requests.
We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under the CCPA.
If we receive your request from an authorized agent, we may ask for evidence that you have provided such agent with a power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf.
If you are an authorized agent seeking to make a request, please contact us at privacy@sporcle.com. Your Choices Account Information You may request to update, correct or delete information about you at any time by emailing us at privacy@sporcle.com.
Certain information may also be updated through your online account.
If you wish to delete or deactivate your account, please email us at privacy@sporcle.com, but note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.
We may also retain cached or archived copies of information about you for a certain period of time. Location Information When you first launch any of our mobile applications that collect location information, you will be asked to consent to the application's collection of this information.
If you initially consent to our collection of location information, you can subsequently stop the collection of this information at any time by changing the preferences on your mobile device.
You may also stop our collection of this location information by following the standard uninstall process to remove our mobile apps from your device.
If you stop our collection of this location information, some features of our Services may no longer function properly, such as the ability to locate nearby bars and venues where you can use our Sporcle Live app to play trivia. Cookies Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default.
If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies.
Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services. Notifications and Promotional Communications You may indicate your preferences for receiving certain notifications and communications from Sporcle through the Settings page at https://www.sporcle.com/settings/notifications/.
You may also opt out of receiving promotional or certain other emails from Sporcle by following the instructions in those emails or through the same Settings page on the websites Services.
If you opt out, we may still send you certain non-promotional communications, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations. Mobile Push Notifications/Alerts With your consent, we may send promotional and non-promotional push notifications or alerts to your mobile device.
You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device. Contact Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: privacy@sporcle.com.
