

 Privacy Policy Your privacy is critically important to us.
At Sproutary we have a few fundamental principles:

We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it.
(We can’t stand services that ask you for things like your gender or income level for no apparent reason.)
We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.
In our product, we aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control what’s visible to the public, seen by search engines, kept private, and permanently deleted.

Below is our privacy policy which incorporates these goals.
If you have questions about deleting or correcting your personal data please contact our us at support@sproutary.com.
Sproutary LLC.
("Sproutary") operates Sproutary.com.
It is Sproutary’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. Website Visitors Like most website operators, Sproutary collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request.
Sproutary’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Sproutary’s visitors use its website.
From time to time, Sproutary may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Sproutary also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users.
Sproutary only discloses logged in user IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below. Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information Certain visitors to Sproutary's website choose to interact with Sproutary in ways that require Sproutary to gather personally-identifying information.
The amount and type of information that Sproutary gathers depends on the nature of the interaction.
For example, we ask users who sign up to provide a username and email address.
Those who engage in transactions with Sproutary – by signing up as a care center, for example – are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions.
In each case, Sproutary collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the users’s interaction with Sproutary.
Sproutary does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
And users can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities. Aggregated Statistics Sproutary may collect statistics about the behavior of users to its website.
For instance, Sproutary may monitor the most popular Care Centers.
Sproutary may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Sproutary does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information Sproutary discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Sproutary's behalf or to provide services available at Sproutary's website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others.
Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country.
by using Sproutary’s website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them.
Sproutary will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone.
Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Sproutary discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Sproutary believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Sproutary, third parties or the public at large.
If you are a registered user of the Sproutary website and have supplied your email address, Sproutary may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Sproutary and our products.
We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum.
If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users.
Sproutary takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information. Cookies A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns.
Sproutary uses cookies to help Sproutary identify and track visitors, their usage of the Sproutary website, and their website access preferences.
Sproutary users who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Sproutary’s website, with the drawback that certain features of Sproutary’s website may not function properly without the aid of cookies. Business Transfers If Sproutary, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Sproutary goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party.
You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Sproutary may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy. Ads While we currently do not have ads on our website, leave open the possibility that we may introduce them.
Ads appearing on our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer.
This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Sproutary and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. Privacy Policy Changes Although most changes are likely to be minor, Sproutary may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Sproutary’s sole discretion.
Sproutary encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy.
If you have a WordPress.com account, you should also check your blog’s dashboard for alerts to these changes.
Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.

Change log:



June 11, 2015: First version of Privacy Policy.

Thanks to Automattic.com for releasing their Privacy Policy under a Creative Commons Sharealike 4.0 license.
We've copied it and modified it to our needs.
 © 2021 Sproutary • Privacy Policy • Terms of Service  Happy families, happy sprouts.



