
        This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn moreGot it! Toggle navigation 
Home
 Hosting 


Shared Hosting
WordPress Hosting
Reseller Hosting
Nextcloud Hosting


Dedicated
 Colocation 


Phoenix Colocation
Single Server Colocation


VPS
 Data Centers 


Phoenix, AZ
Dallas, TX


Contact
Client Portal
 DMCA Takedown Requests
If your work is being infringed upon, and have proof to support this, please submit a copyright takedown notice.


Takedown notices are to be mailed to:

Spry Servers, LLC
ATTN: Tab Fitts Re: DMCA Takedown
PO Box 29012
Scottsdale, AZ 85255

They may be e-mailed to: dmca@spryservers.net.


Requirements for takedown:

A physical or electronic signature (i.e., /s/NAME) of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright that is allegedly infringed.
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright that is allegedly infringed.


Sample DMCA Takedown Notice
My name is INSERT NAME and I am the INSERT TITLE of INSERT COMPANY NAME.
A website that your company hosts (according to WHOIS information) is infringing on at least one copyright owned by my company.
An article was copied onto your servers without permission.
The original ARTICLE/PHOTO, to which we own the exclusive copyrights, can be found at:
PROVIDE WEBSITE URL
The unauthorized and infringing copy can be found at:
PROVIDE WEBSITE URL
This letter is official notification under Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (”DMCA”), and I seek the removal of the aforementioned infringing material from your servers.
I request that you immediately notify the infringer of this notice and inform them of their duty to remove the infringing material immediately, and notify them to cease any further posting of infringing material to your server in the future.
Please also be advised that law requires you, as a service provider, to remove or disable access to the infringing materials upon receiving this notice.
Under US law a service provider, such as yourself, enjoys immunity from a copyright lawsuit provided that you act with deliberate speed to investigate and rectify ongoing copyright infringement.
If service providers do not investigate and remove or disable the infringing material this immunity is lost.
Therefore, in order for you to remain immune from a copyright infringement action you will need to investigate and ultimately remove or otherwise disable the infringing material from your servers with all due speed should the direct infringer, your client, not comply immediately.
I am providing this notice in good faith and with the reasonable belief that rights my company owns are being infringed.
Under penalty of perjury I certify that the information contained in the notification is both true and accurate, and I have the authority to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright(s) involved.
Should you wish to discuss this with me please contact me directly.
Thank you.
YOUR NAME
Address
City, State Zip
Phone
E-mail
CONTACT US

 +1 844-799-HOST
 sales@spryservers.net You need JavaScript to view email addresses 

FOLLOW US

Follow on Twitter
Like us on Facebook
Find us on LinkedIn 

TOOLS &amp.
LINKS

Phoenix Mirrors
PHX1 Network Test
DAL1 Network Test

COMPANY

Legal
Contact
Affiliates
Network Status























Copyright © 2013-2021 | Spry Servers, LLC.
A United States Based Limited Liability Company.
All Rights Reserved.
