
        This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn moreGot it! Toggle navigation 
Home
 Hosting 


Shared Hosting
WordPress Hosting
Reseller Hosting
Nextcloud Hosting


Dedicated
 Colocation 


Phoenix Colocation
Single Server Colocation


VPS
 Data Centers 


Phoenix, AZ
Dallas, TX


Contact
Client Portal
 Privacy Policy
Revision date: 04/23/21
Spry Servers, LLC has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site.


Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our web site.
We use this information for no other reason.


Order Forms
Our site uses an order form for customers to request services.
(128-256 bit encryption).
We collect sensitive information which is used only for billing and contact information.
This information is not sold, distributed or used in any other way.
Quantum Gateway, our credit card gateway provider, will have access to your sensitive information solely for the purpose of processing payment.
They also use 256-bit high-grade encryption.
We do store your encrypted credit card information in our system for recurring billing.
You may opt-out of this.

Contact information from the order forms is used to get in touch with the customer when necessary.
If you opt-in, we may contact you from time to time with special offers or newsletters.

Billing information collected is used to bill the user for services.

Unique identifiers are collected from web site visitors to verify the user’s identity.

Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site.

We use this data to tailor our visitor’s experience at our site showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.


Security
This site and our mobile applications have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
We use strong SSL encryption to ensure your privacy.


Third Parties

Information collected on this site is strictly for our use, NO OTHER OUTSIDE PERSONS MAY VIEW YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION SUCH AS BILLING INFORMATION, ADDRESS, ETC.
The only exceptions to this are as follows:



Our merchant credit card processing services and gateways, Quantum Gateway, Stripe &amp.
PayPal.
You may view PayPal’s privacy policies on their respective website.
Certain 3rd parties for whom we resell products and services.
We may share your e-mail and order number securely with TrustPilot, in order to aggregate reviews.
You may opt out of this via TrustPilot's website.


spryCloud Specific Policies

Certain optional features in spryCloud allow you to connect to external accounts.

How we use your Google user data:




Permissions used for the spryCloud Google data import tool:



Google Calendar API (https://www.googleapis.com/auth/calendar): We use this to import your calendar and schedules into spryCloud.

Google Drive API (https://www.googleapis.com/auth/drive): We use this to import your documents and files from your Google Drive account.

People API (https://www.googleapis.com/auth/contacts): We use this to import your Google contacts into spryCloud.

Photos Library API (https://www.googleapis.com/auth/photoslibrary): We use this to import your photos into your spryCloud account.

 The import tool will connect to the domain https://cloud.spryservers.net 
 Your private Google data is not used for any other reason than to import your data into your spryCloud account.
Data is not shared with or accessible by any other 3rd party.
Once connected, you must explicitly click import to import your Google data.

Warrants and Civil Subpoenas

We will not share your personal information or data hosted on our servers with outside entities or authorities not explicitly defined within this privacy agreement.
(such as our payment processor) The only exception to this, is if we are served with a warrant or civil subpoena by a government authority.


Contacting the Web Site

If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact: legal@spryservers.net CONTACT US

 +1 844-799-HOST
 sales@spryservers.net You need JavaScript to view email addresses 

FOLLOW US

Follow on Twitter
Like us on Facebook
Find us on LinkedIn 

TOOLS &amp.
LINKS

Phoenix Mirrors
PHX1 Network Test
DAL1 Network Test

COMPANY

Legal
Contact
Affiliates
Network Status























Copyright © 2013-2021 | Spry Servers, LLC.
A United States Based Limited Liability Company.
All Rights Reserved.
