

General
Cookie PolicyDigital cookies and similar technologies help us make our services better to use by doing things like recognizing when you’ve signed in, analyzing how you use our services so we can make them more useful to you, giving you a more personalized experience, and making our ads to you work better.
This cookie policy describes how Squareup International Ltd., with its office at Fumbally Square, Fumbally Lane, Dublin 8, Ireland, and our affiliates (collectively, “Square,” “we,” and “us”) uses “cookies” and other similar technologies (which we refer to collectively as “cookies” in this policy), in connection with our Site and Services. What are Cookies and Similar Technologies 
A “cookie” is a text file that websites send to a visitor’s computer or other internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser.
A “web beacon,” also known as an internet tag, pixel tag, or clear GIF, is a tiny graphic image that may be used in our websites or emails.
A Flash Cookie (also known as a Local Stored Object) is a small data file placed on a computer using Adobe Flash technology.
A Silverlight Cookie is a small data file placed on a computer using Microsoft’s Silverlight technology.
Flash and Silverlight are applications that allow delivery of dynamic content, such as video clips and animation.
Server logs record activities on our websites.
Other types of logs collect similar information from our apps.
These logs record information about the device you use to access our website, your operating system type, browser type, domain and other system settings, as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone where your device is located.
 How We Use Cookies and Similar Technologies When you interact with our online services and mobile applications, or open emails we send you, we obtain certain information by using automated technologies, such as cookies, web beacons, and other technologies described above.
These technologies help us to:

Remember your information so you do not have to re-enter it.
This allows us to identify the number of unique visitors we receive, so that we can provide enough capacity to accommodate all of our users;
*Track and understand how you use and interact with our online services and emails (e.g.
when you use certain features or upload attachments);
*Tailor and customise elements of the promotional layout and content of our online services to your preferences;
*Measure how useful and effective our services and communications (including advertising campaigns) are to you with the goal of improving these services and communications;
*Allow our business partners (including third parties) to use these tracking technologies to track your behaviour on our behalf on our Services (including when you use multiple devices) and on our partner websites
*Enable third parties to track how you interact across sites outside of our Services.
and
*Collect anonymous statistical information about how you use the Services (including the length of your web or application session) and the location from which you access the Services, so that we can improve the Services and learn which elements and functions of the Services are most popular with our users.
 Who Sets The Cookies We set some of these automated technologies ourselves (First Party Cookies) and others are set by other companies who deliver services on our behalf (Third Party Cookies).
For example, we may use other companies’ web analytics services (described in the “Third-Party Analytics Services” section of the Privacy Notice), which use automated technologies to help us evaluate how customers use our websites. Types of Cookies We Use Some cookies are “strictly necessary” for us to provide our Services to you and these cannot be turned off or opted out of.
Other cookies help us in other ways, as described below.
This list of cookies is not exhaustive and may be updated from time to time.
Certain cookies we use last only for the duration of your web or application session and expire when you close your browser or exit the application.
Other cookies are used to remember you when you return to use the Services and, as such, will last longer. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly necessary cookies are cookies that enable you to navigate and use all the features in the Services provided by us.
For example, without these, you would not be able to stay logged in while navigating between pages on the website. Functionality Cookies These cookies enable us to remember you have used our Services before, preferences you may have indicated and information you have provided to us to give you a customised experience.
For example, this would include ensuring the continuity of your registration process.
Common functionality that we provide in our websites and mobile applications that require cookies includes:

Caching data from our servers in order to reduce loading times
Remembering your user preferences
Hiding tooltips and popups that were dismissed
Saving unsubmitted content you have drafted
Artificial intelligence from Solvvy for our automated support products

Square may also include cookies and similar technology from third-party companies in order to provide extra functionality in our websites and mobiles applications.
These companies include: How to Opt Out You may opt out of cookies, other than those that are necessary to provide you with our Services.
You may visit Square’s Cookie Preferences Center to manage your cookie preferences at any time.
You can switch some cookies off through the Your Online Choices site.
You may need to do this each time you use a different IP address, device, or virtual private network.
Your browser may allow you to manage your cookie preferences.
Your browser can alert you when cookies are placed on your device, and how you can stop or disable them via your browser settings.
Please note, however, that without certain necessary or functionality cookies all of the features of our online services may not work properly.
If you use a mobile device, you can manage how your device and browser share certain device data by changing the privacy and security settings on your mobile device.
You can learn more about cookies and how to manage your preferences by visiting http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
When you change your preferences in Square’s Cookie Preference Center, there may be certain third party cookies that continue to persist on your device, as you may have previously consented to those cookies.
In order to ensure that such cookies are removed from your device, you may need to reload the website or app. Contact
You can contact our privacy team with any questions about this Cookie Policy at privacy-eu@squareup.comGeneralPrivacy NoticeTerms of ServiceGovernmentAdditional Point of Sale TermsDeclaration of ConformityDeveloper Terms of ServiceFee ScheduleHardware Policies and Limited WarrantyPayment TermsE-sign Consent
      