

General
Additional California Privacy DisclosureWhat You Need to Know About the California Consumer Privacy Act and Internet-Based Advertising As described in our privacy notice, Square and third parties that provide advertising or other functionality on our behalf, may use cookies, pixel tags, and other technology to help us advertise our products and services to you as informed by your interests.
This approach is called interest-based advertising, which means we tailor our ads to you based on information that gives us a sense of what interests you, such as information collected from your activity on the web, including but not limited to, browsing or purchasing products on or through our websites or on third party websites, your activity on mobile sites and applications, or your responses to our marketing emails.
Square does not sell your data, has not in the past, and is committed not to do so in the future.
While the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) lacks clear guidance whether this type of interest-based advertising would be considered a “sale” of personal information under that law, we do not believe this information constitutes a “sale” under CCPA.
However, we also want to provide you with ways for you to control the cookies and internet-based information you may share with us.
You can always restrict the placement of cookies on your computer or remove them from your browser by going to your browser settings.
More information on how to manage these settings on common browsers and devices are below.

Manage cookie settings in Chrome and Chrome Android and Chrome iOS
Manage cookie settings in Firefox
Manage cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Manage cookie settings in Microsoft Edge
Manage cookie settings in Safari and Safari iOS

You can also opt out of receiving interest-based ads from third party advertisers who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt out pages on the NAI website and DAA website.

Please note that cookie-based opt outs are applicable only to the browser and device you use when you opt out.
If you wish to opt out across all devices, you must replicate your choices across each device, including your mobile device.
In addition, if you clear or delete your cookies on that browser or device, you will need to reset your cookie opt out.
