
         Stack Exchange, Inc.
Cookie Policy  HOW DOES STACK OVERFLOW USE COOKIES? 
 A cookie is a small piece of text that allows a website to recognize your device and maintain a consistent, cohesive experience throughout multiple sessions.
If you use the Stack Overflow Network, both Stack Overflow and third parties will use cookies to track and monitor some of your activities on and off the Stack Overflow Network, and store and access some data about you, your browsing history, and your usage of the Stack Overflow Network.

 This policy describes how both Stack Overflow and other third parties use cookies both within and without the Stack Overflow Network and how you can exercise a greater degree of control over cookies.
Please keep in mind that this may alter your experience with our platform, and may limit certain features (including being logged in as a user).

 General Browsing: We use cookies that are important for certain technical features of our website, like logging into user accounts and implementing fixes and improvements to our platform.

 These cookies: 

 Enable behavior in our Products and/or Services that is tailored to the activity or preferences of a person visiting our properties 
 Allow users to opt out of certain types of modeling, tailoring, or personalization in our products 
 Collect information on our users’ preferences in order to create more useful products 
 Maintain the regular business operations of our Advertising and Marketing departments (such as one-time pop-ups or “hero” displays when first visiting a site and to collect impressions and click data) 
 Help to diagnose and correct downtime, bugs, and errors in our code to ensure that our products are operating efficiently 

 Public Q&A Platform: We use cookies that support and enhance our public Q&A platform by enabling important functionality.
Such activity includes tracking and attributing activities and badges.

 These cookies: 

 Validate the authenticity of persons attempting to gain access to a specific user account 
 Enable the core platform of community-generated questions and answers, including diagnosing and resolving issues within our Q&A platform 
 Identify individual users to attribute activities and awards 
 Allow you to create an optional, résumé-like listing of user achievements and employment history, comparable to a resume, which users can reference when applying for new jobs through our Talent platform or externally 

 Talent Platform: We use cookies to run our Talent platform, allowing prospective employers to recruit for open positions and users to view and apply for those positions.

 These cookies: 

 Validate the authenticity of persons attempting to gain access to a specific user account 
 Help us to comply with legal requirements in recruitment and hiring 
 Provide a means of contact for Talent employers (including opting out of the Talent candidate listings) 
 Allow employers to target specific users (via searches and marketing efforts) who are likely to qualify for a given position 
 Allow users to save searches in order to more quickly identify newly listed jobs 
 Create a channel of direct communication between our support staff and users who request assistance 
 Support integration of job applications and listings from our platform to third-party applicant tracking systems (ATS).


 Stack Overflow Teams: We use cookies for our Teams platform, enabling groups to access our secured, private Q&A solution.

 These cookies: 

 Validate the identity of authorized persons and accounts to gain access to a specific Team or Company account 
 Enable the core platform of team-generated questions and answers, including diagnosing and resolving issues within our Teams Q&A platform 
 Identify individual users to attribute activities and awards 

 Advertising: We use cookies to enable advertising with our third-party Partners, which in turn allows us to provide many of our services free of charge.

 These cookies: 

 Customize the ad experience for our users, including tailoring job and display ads to the technologies a person has previously looked at, the communities a person has visited, and the job ads a person has already seen 
 Allow direct communication between a 3rd party partner who hosts a promotional event with us, and users who have opted into the promotion 
 Allow us to track when a Stack Overflow user sees or clicks on an ad or later visits a third-party website or purchases a product on a third-party website 
 Collect impressions and click data for internal reporting and product optimization 

 Analytics: We use cookies to compile usage activity in order to better cater our Products and Services offerings to you, and to third parties.
We DO NOT share identifiable “raw” data with our clients or any third parties, however we do make high-level decisions based on aggregated data about your usage of our Products and Services.

 These cookies: 

 Monitor site traffic and behavior flows of users 
 Measure the effectiveness of on-site products 
 Measure the effectiveness of off-site marketing campaigns and tactics 

 WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED ON ME VIA COOKIES? 
 In general, we collect most data from you via form submission.
However, there are cases when visiting our site and/or using our platforms in which we may receive certain information through the use of cookies.
This data will generally not include personally identifying information about you.


 Unique identification tokens 
 User preferences such as favorite tags (for anonymous users only) 

Third Party Cookies
 The use of cookies, the names of cookies, and other cookies related cookies technology may change over time and Stack Overflow will make all reasonable efforts to notify you by updating our cookies table where material changes occur and from time-to-time.
Please also note that companies and other organization that sponsor pages on Stack Overflow may use cookies or other technologies to learn more about your interest in their products and services and in some cases to tailor such products and services to you.

 HOW DO I RESTRICT COOKIES? 
 If you don’t want Stack Overflow to use cookies when you visit the Stack Overflow network of sites, you can opt-out of certain cookie related processing activities in your account settings page.
If you opt-out of cookies, we (ironically) have to set a cookie to tell us that.
Please note that Stack Overflow may not work properly and you may have diminished functionality if you opt-out of certain cookies.

 If you decide that you do not want cookies to be set on your device by our third-party Partners, you can adjust the settings on your internet browser and choose from the available Cookies setting to best meet your preferences.
While setting options may vary from browser to browser, you can generally choose to reject some or all cookies, or instead to receive a notification when a cookie is being placed on your device.
For more information, please refer to the user help information for your browser of choice.
Please keep in mind that cookies may be required for certain functionalities, and by blocking these cookies, you may limit your access to certain parts or features of our sites and platforms.

 Finally, while cookies are set for varying durations on your device, you can manually delete them at any time.
However, deleting cookies will not prevent the site from setting further cookies on your device unless you adjust the settings discussed above.

 CONTACT US 
 If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding this Cookies Policy, please contact Stack Overflow at: 
 privacy@stackoverflow.com 
