


For our cloud servers and databases, we use Amazon Web Services.
For credit card payment processing, we use Stripe.
For PayPal payments, we use Braintree/PayPal.
For
anonymous cryptocurrency payments, we use CoinPayments.
For transactional emails and campaigns, we use Amazon Simple Email Service.
We do not
use Mailchimp or a similar service.
We do not use analytics across our web, desktop, and mobile applications.
For our
website, we use a self-hosted, privacy-respecting
analytics software called Matomo.
For error reporting on our web, desktop, and mobile applications, we use Bugsnag.
Bugsnag is non-invasive, and collects only what it needs (see
this article
for web and desktop, and this article
for mobile) to produce helpful error reports that help us maintain application stability.
For server-side error reporting and monitoring, we use Datadog.
We do not collect or store IP addresses as part of our Datadog
configuration.
For our open-source
repositories, we use GitHub.
We
also use GitHub as our CDN for desktop application downloads.
For Windows application code signing, we use a Digicert
Extended Validation Certificate.
For macOS code
signing, we use a verified Apple Developer account.
Code signing ensures that the
application you download and run has not been modified or tampered with, and does not
deviate from the code we produce and ship on our end.
For general email inquiries to help@standardnotes.org, we use Google Apps.
For
encrypted support to standardnotes@protonmail.com, we use Protonmail.
Apart
from optional Google Drive integration, this marks the only integration point we have
with Google.
We do not use Google Analytics anywhere in our ecosystem, nor do we use
Google's reCAPTCHA for
spam control.
This summarizes the list of external services we use in our daily operation.
When it comes to protecting your sensitive, actual data, we're proud to rely on no
other entity than the laws of mathematics and cryptography.
Your notes are always
encrypted with a secure key that no one has besides you, and this key never leaves your
computer or touches a cloud.
Simply put: you are the only person that can read your private notes.


