
        Privacy PolicyIntellectual PropertyStarlink Privacy PolicyLast updated January 1, 2021
We don’t sell your personal information, but we still have to tell you what we collect from you and how we use it.
We may update this policy from time to time.
Your continued use of this site indicates your agreement to the updated terms.
If you use the Starlink services through your organization’s subscription, please ask your organization’s administrator for information about how we process your personal information.1.What Personal Information Do We Collect and How Do We Collect It?We collect specific types of personal information directly from you.
Click here to learn more.
chevron_rightDepending on how you interact with our website, we may collect the following personal information about you, which we have grouped together as follows:


Identity Data, which may include first name, last name, title.

Contact Data, which may include delivery/service address, email address, and phone numbers.

Profile Data, which may include username and password, purchases or orders made by you, customer service requests, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
and preferences in receiving marketing and non-marketing communications from us.

Financial Data, which includes payment card details.

Transaction Data, which includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.

Website Technical Data, which includes the following information if you use our online portal and services: Internet protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and the ways in which you use or interact with our online portal and services.

Customer Technical Data, which includes data about throughput delivered to you over time, service connectivity, latency, quality metrics, sky obstruction data, device orientation and location, WiFi quality metrics, WiFi device information, and the public IP address information assigned to you over time.
2.How and Why Do We Use Personal Information?We only use your personal information for specific business purposes related to the goods and services we provide.
Click here to learn more.
chevron_right

How and Why Do We Use Personal Information?

Below are descriptions of the purposes for which we may use certain groups of personal information as described in Section 1.Purpose of UseGroup of Personal Information Concerned
To process and deliver customer orders
To manage payments, fees and charges
To manage our relationship with customers, such as communicating with them about our goods and services, providing customer service, and notifying them of changes to our terms or privacy policy
To administer and protect our business and services, including troubleshooting, and performing data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data
To detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, including by monitoring and enforcing compliance with our terms of use, appropriate use policies, and privacy policies
To defend our interests in the event of a dispute
To comply in good faith with applicable laws, legal processes, and lawful government requests


Identity
Contact
Profile
Financial
Transaction
Website Technical Data
Customer Technical Data


To understand what may be of interest to a customer
To deliver relevant news, offers and other content to a customer and measure and understand the effectiveness of the content
To ask and enable a customer to take a survey


Identity
Contact
Profile
Transaction
Website Technical Data


To use data analytics to debug, optimize, and improve our products and services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences


Website Technical Data
Customer Technical Data
3.With Whom Do We Share Personal Information?We do not sell your personal information, but we may share your personal information with the following categories of people: Click here to learn more.
chevron_right

Our Service Providers: We may share your personal information with our affiliates and service providers for the purposes we outline above.
For example, we may rely on service providers to host and maintain our online services, perform backup and storage services, process payments, transmit communications, and perform analytics services.
Our service providers are currently located and process personal information in United States and the United Kingdom.

Government Agencies, Regulators and Professional Advisors: Where required by applicable law, we may also need to transfer your personal information to government agencies and regulators (e.g., tax authorities, courts, and government authorities).

Organizations Involved in Business Transfers: If we sell, merge or reorganize our company, we expect that the personal information that we have collected will be transferred to the surviving or acquiring entity in accordance with applicable law.

As a Starlink services customer, you may share information with third parties (for example, when you send an email or communicate with a third-party website).
In this context, we are not sharing personal information.
you are using our service to share data and we are merely connecting you to the Internet.4.How Do We Protect Personal Information?We implement technological, physical and administrative procedures to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal information.
We encrypt information sent via the Starlink services to and from your Starlink equipment.Although we endeavour to keep information secure, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent every unauthorized attempt to access, use or disclose personal information.
We maintain procedures to deal with any suspected breach of personal information, and we will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.5.Your Privacy RightsYou may have legal rights to access, update, or erase certain personal information that we have about you, or restrict or object to how we use it.
If you have such rights and you make a legitimate request, we will do what you request.
To exercise these rights, please contact us using the details in the “Contact Us” section below.
For your security, we may need to request specific information from you to help us make sure the request is coming from you and not someone who has no right to receive it.6.Contact UsEmail: privacy@spacex.com
Postal Mail: Space Exploration Technologies Corp., Attn: Privacy/Legal, 1 Rocket Road, Hawthorne, CA 90250 7.Other RightsIf you are a resident of California, our CCPA Privacy Policy also applies to you.
If you are located in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland (collectively “EEA+”), our EEA+ Privacy Policy also applies to you.TRADEMARKS, COPYRIGHTS AND OTHER IP AT SPACEX &amp.
STARLINKLast updated February 1, 2021Our Name and Logo:In order to avoid any risk of confusion, the SpaceX and Starlink name, logo or other trademarks (such as Falcon, Dragon, and Hyperloop) should not be used to endorse any product, entity or idea without our express written permission, unless otherwise allowed under current trademark law, (e.g., the fair use doctrine).
If you have any questions concerning the usage of SpaceX trademarks, please submit your request to media@spacex.com.Unsolicited Materials/Ideas:SpaceX and its employees do not accept or consider unsolicited materials or ideas, including ideas for new or improved technologies, processes, services, materials, promotions, or marketing plans.
This policy exists to avoid any misunderstandings or disputes if your ideas are similar to those SpaceX has developed or is developing independently.
Unless SpaceX has a prior agreement with you, please don’t submit unsolicited materials, ideas, concepts, suggestions or other works in any form to us.
Despite the policy, if you do submit anything, and regardless of what you state in your submission, you agree: (1) SpaceX will consider your submission to be non-confidential and nonproprietary.
(2) SpaceX has no obligation to review the submission.
and (3) SpaceX is free to use any such submission or content for any purposes whatsoever, including, without limitation, developing and marketing products and services, without any liability or payment of any kind to you.
SpaceX takes no responsibility for any unsolicited materials or ideas transmitted to us.Copyright Infringement:If you are a content owner (or agent) and have evidence that a Starlink user is using the service to download your copyrighted materials without the right to do so, please send a notice to copyrightabuse@spacex.com.
It is our policy to terminate the account of repeat copyright infringers in appropriate circumstances.
Please note that Starlink is a passive provider of internet access, and any copyrighted materials do not reside on our system or network.
If you are seeking removal of these materials from the Internet, please contact the service responsible for hosting them.
      