
        &nbsp.
</div></div>Support RegisterLoginPlay a Game.
Learn a Skill.
 Earn a Living.#1 Training game that teaches you  how to advertise online.Play NowRevolutionizing EducationEducation continues to be one of the slowest industries to evolve.
Online education has taken over a decade to become mainstream.
Startup Alley, the first property and product of Pixlwise, promises to disrupt the education industry by allowing users to learn online marketing tactics using gaming mechanics.
In other words: We make a game.
You play game.
You learn.Experts at the tip  of your hands.Online Marketing goes beyond creating brand recognition and can be a very competitive game of cat and mouse, not only with your competitors but also with today’s constantly evolving technology.
The market landscape changes everyday, and having the ability to communicate with experts puts you in the best position for success.
Our experts have thousands of hours of experience that can help you avoid the pitfalls that those who are new to the industry are unaware of.Gaming for you brainOnline gaming and video games have proven to positively affect our brains’ function and agility.
They have also been recognized as improving decision-making and supplying better processing of our visual input.
With this knowledge, our online marketing experts created StartUp Alley to bring greater value to aspiring marketing professionals.
"Education should be more like video games for kids...
they should want to do it."Elon Musk (SXSW 2013)
Play NowA skill set that can make you an average of $65,766* a yearStartup Alley will help you acquire the skills set that, when used wisely, can make you even more than the average salary mentioned above.
Online Marketing professionals can make well over $100k as they continue to gain experience.
Take hold of your future with Startup Alley and make it be more than you could ever imagine.
*Source: 2014 Moz Industry Survey.The freedom to make as much as you want from where you wantUnderstanding the world of online marketing is an extremely valuable skillset with endless possibilities.
Being an Online Marketing Expert allows you to:


Be your own boss
Work from Wherever, Whenever
Manage your own salary
Influence any industry of your choosing
Choose your own professional title: Marketing Analyst, Media Buyer, Online Marketing Manager, and more

"Video games could provide a potent training regimen for speeding up reactions in many types of real life situations."University of Rochester
Play NowA community of experts as your support groupA skillset in Online Marketing is just the foundation for your future success.
Having a team of experts supporting your every move and guiding you through the process is what’s going to elevate your value to the industry.
As you grow within the community you’ll be rewarded with access to exclusive Tips and Secrets, from our marketing experts.
These secrets are a valuable asset and will continue to elevate your skills to the next level.Less Money.
Less Time.
Less Effort.
Maximum Reward
Do not devote hours of your time to Trial and Error
Avoid investing time and money into unprofitable projects
Gain access to priceless information, Now
Learn to avoid pitfalls
Experience the fast track to Success
Achieve Mastery by playing StartUp Alley

"Video gamers really do see more: Gamers capture more information faster for visual decision-making."Duke University
Play Now
Payment Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Affiliates

© Pixlwise.
All Rights Reserved. Leave us a message!+
−
Our agents are unavailable right now.
Sorry about that, but please leave us a message and we'll get right back.

Name *
Email *
Message *
Connecting...



Agent can view your screen Allow agent to access your screen Agent has access to your screen 
Your access to the screen has been withdrawn 
 Agent seeks access to your screen DenyAllowAgent is requesting access to your screen DenyAllow

+End your screensharing session
×Payment PolicyYou may access parts of the PlayStartupAlley.com site for free, and other services and products require payment of subscription fees.
This Payment Policy is incorporated into the Startup Alley Terms of Service, and applies to users who have purchased a Startup Alley subscription plan to access PlayStartupAlley.com online, and to individuals whose payment details have been used to purchase the Pixlwise services ("Startup Alley subscription" or "subscription").1) Overview of Subscription Plans and PaymentsWe offer many different types of individual plans, gift plans, and friends and family plans, and the specific pricing terms applicable to your account may vary depending on promotions, the type of subscription and the term you select at the time of purchase (e.g., 7 day Trial, monthly, yearly).
In addition, some of our subscription plans renew automatically, as described in more detail below.
If you have questions regarding your plan following your purchase, please refer to your Account page after your purchase.
Our online subscription plans are billed in one payment for the term.
This means, for example, that if you purchase a monthly plan, you will be charged for the full month’s payment each month.
and if you purchase a yearly plan, you will be charged for the entire year at one time.
Please note that we may use a third-party payment processor to facilitate your payments.
Both our mobile and online subscription plans are billed in one payment for the term.
This means, for example, that if you purchase a monthly plan, you will be charged for the full month’s payment each month.
and if you purchase a yearly plan, you will be charged for the entire year at one time.
Please note that we may use a third-party payment processor to facilitate your payments.2) Refund PolicyStartup Alley yearly subscriptions made online at PlayStartupAlley.com (not including the 7 day trial or monthly plan) offer a 30 day, 100% money back guarantee.
You may receive a refund by contacting our Customer Service team at pixlwise.freshdesk.com/support/home within 30 days of your purchase.
After that 30 day window, we will not provide a refund.
We do not prorate refunds or offer partial refunds, and we do not offer refunds for monthly subscriptions.

Please note that if you purchase a subscription through the Apple iTunes Store or our iPhone or iPad applications, the sale is final, and we will not provide a refund.
Your purchase will be subject to Apple’s applicable payment policy, which also may not provide for refunds.
3) RenewalsAll Startup Alley subscriptions renew automatically using the payment details on file for your account.
If you purchase a subscription with automatic renewal, you acknowledge and agree that we are authorized to use the payment information on file for the renewal fee.
You may cancel automatic renewal at any through your Account page or by contacting our Customer Service team at pixlwise.freshdesk.com/support/home.
This will stop future subscription charges from accruing to your account.
For annual subscriptions, we will refund renewal payments if you contacting our Customer Service team at Support@Pixlwise.com within 30 days after each renewal occurs.
We do not offer refunds for renewal payments for monthly subscriptions.
If you signed up with a promotion, your renewal rate may be higher than your initial rate.
Please refer to your Account page after your initial purchase to review details about the renewal amount and the date of the next renewal.4) Pricing Change PolicyOur prices may change in the future.
If the pricing for your subscription does change, we will notify you, and provide you an opportunity to change your subscription, before applying those changes to your account or charging your payment details in connection with an automatic renewal.5) Payment InformationBy providing payment information to us, you agree that the payment information is valid and (1) in your name or (2) in the name of an individual who has authorized you to use their payment information for your subscription purchase.
If you provide someone else’s payment information, you agree that we may refund payment to that person if they so request and if the account is eligible for a refund under this Payment Policy.
This may cause interruption to or termination of your Startup Alley subscription.
