
        Introduction Dear user,

Welcome to our Terms of Use.
Here you will find the main principles that you must agree with, in order to use our service.
These are our main principles:


Fair use policy. We designed start.me as a free service for individual users, with an option to upgrade to a premium membership.
We also offer team subscriptions and subscriptions for Enterprises.
You may use it to add content in the form of bookmarks, notes, images, or other data you own pages.
You can share your data with other start.me users or with the world, or export your data at any time.
All other uses, including excessive or spammy link building, are not permitted.

Community Guidelines. If you decide to publish a start.me page and share it with other users or the world, you agree to abide by our Terms, and to contribute to the safety and security of our platform.
That is our main concern.
All users should feel safe and welcome with us.
You also agree to follow the current laws of the Netherlands, where our company is located.
Furthermore, we do not tolerate discrimination on any ground, racism, (child) sexual exploitation, bullying, or other forms of harmful or hateful behavior.

Flag content. If you come across content on a public start.me page that violates our Community Guidelines, please let our support team know as soon as possible.
Send an email to report-abuse@start.me.
We will evaluate the content and take appropriate measures.
We are not obligated to inform you of our decisions.

Data ownership. The content you add to your page or pages will be stored in our systems, until you decide to erase it yourself.
It will be private by default.
If you decide to make a page public or to share it with a link, and we decide it harms our community, or violates the law, we retain the right to delete a user account and all its data without warning or delay.
If this user has a paid subscription, there will be no refund.
We are not obliged to inform our users about our decision to delete harmful or illegal data, nor to explain it.
We can, however, inform the police if we deem it necessary or our legal duty.

Subscriptions. We offer a no questions asked refund policy for all subscriptions within the first thirty days.
We also retain the right to unilaterally modify our subscription tariffs and prices.
For a more detailed description of our Terms of Use, please continue reading this page.


If you have any questions about our Terms of Use, please email us at privacy@start.me and we'll get back to you within 24 hours.
 Best regards,  Arjen Robijn  Founder &amp.
CEO  start.me 
