
        &nbsp.
</div></div>Support RegisterLoginPlay a Game.
Learn a Skill.
 Earn a Living.#1 Training game that teaches you  how to advertise online.Play NowRevolutionizing EducationEducation continues to be one of the slowest industries to evolve.
Online education has taken over a decade to become mainstream.
Startup Alley, the first property and product of Pixlwise, promises to disrupt the education industry by allowing users to learn online marketing tactics using gaming mechanics.
In other words: We make a game.
You play game.
You learn.Experts at the tip  of your hands.Online Marketing goes beyond creating brand recognition and can be a very competitive game of cat and mouse, not only with your competitors but also with today’s constantly evolving technology.
The market landscape changes everyday, and having the ability to communicate with experts puts you in the best position for success.
Our experts have thousands of hours of experience that can help you avoid the pitfalls that those who are new to the industry are unaware of.Gaming for you brainOnline gaming and video games have proven to positively affect our brains’ function and agility.
They have also been recognized as improving decision-making and supplying better processing of our visual input.
With this knowledge, our online marketing experts created StartUp Alley to bring greater value to aspiring marketing professionals.
"Education should be more like video games for kids...
they should want to do it."Elon Musk (SXSW 2013)
Play NowA skill set that can make you an average of $65,766* a yearStartup Alley will help you acquire the skills set that, when used wisely, can make you even more than the average salary mentioned above.
Online Marketing professionals can make well over $100k as they continue to gain experience.
Take hold of your future with Startup Alley and make it be more than you could ever imagine.
*Source: 2014 Moz Industry Survey.The freedom to make as much as you want from where you wantUnderstanding the world of online marketing is an extremely valuable skillset with endless possibilities.
Being an Online Marketing Expert allows you to:


Be your own boss
Work from Wherever, Whenever
Manage your own salary
Influence any industry of your choosing
Choose your own professional title: Marketing Analyst, Media Buyer, Online Marketing Manager, and more

"Video games could provide a potent training regimen for speeding up reactions in many types of real life situations."University of Rochester
Play NowA community of experts as your support groupA skillset in Online Marketing is just the foundation for your future success.
Having a team of experts supporting your every move and guiding you through the process is what’s going to elevate your value to the industry.
As you grow within the community you’ll be rewarded with access to exclusive Tips and Secrets, from our marketing experts.
These secrets are a valuable asset and will continue to elevate your skills to the next level.Less Money.
Less Time.
Less Effort.
Maximum Reward
Do not devote hours of your time to Trial and Error
Avoid investing time and money into unprofitable projects
Gain access to priceless information, Now
Learn to avoid pitfalls
Experience the fast track to Success
Achieve Mastery by playing StartUp Alley

"Video gamers really do see more: Gamers capture more information faster for visual decision-making."Duke University
Play Now
Payment Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Affiliates

© Pixlwise.
All Rights Reserved. Leave us a message!+
−
Our agents are unavailable right now.
Sorry about that, but please leave us a message and we'll get right back.

Name *
Email *
Message *
Connecting...



Agent can view your screen Allow agent to access your screen Agent has access to your screen 
Your access to the screen has been withdrawn 
 Agent seeks access to your screen DenyAllowAgent is requesting access to your screen DenyAllow

+End your screensharing session
×Privacy Policy
Last Modified: July 17,20151) IntroductionThis Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes how Pixlwise, Inc.
(“Pixlwise” or “We”) collects and uses the information you provide through the Startup Alley website at www.PlayStartupAlley.com (along with all subdomains, collectively, the “Site”) or the Services provided by Pixlwise (“Services”).
This Privacy Policy is only applicable to the Site and Services, and not to any other websites that you may be able to access from the Site, each of which may have data collection, storage, and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Privacy Policy.
We never knowingly collect or maintain information from those we know are under 18 years old, and no part of our Site or Services is directed at or structured to attract anyone under 18 years old.
Visitors younger than 18 years of age may not use the Site or the Services and must leave immediately.2) California Privacy Rights NoticeUnder California’s "Shine the Light" law, if you are a California resident and provide personal information to us for a non-commercial use, you are entitled to request from us once per calendar year, information about the categories of information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses.
If you would like to make the foregoing request information, please send an email message to Privacy@Pixlwise.com with "My California Privacy Information" in the subject line and in the body of your message.
If you do not receive a confirming email within 72 business hours, please contact Pixlwise again.
We will respond to your e-mail address within 45 days.3) Information Collection PracticesTypes of Information CollectedTraffic Data Collected.
We automatically track and collect the following categories of information when you visit our Site or use our Services: (1) IP addresses.
(2) domain servers.
(3) types of computers accessing the Site.
(4) types of web browsers used to access the Site (collectively “Traffic Data”).
(5) data collected by Google Anayltics and similar platforms.
and (6) data from integrated Google+, Facebook APIs and Plugins for which you have provided permission.
Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you but is helpful for marketing purposes or for improving your experience on the Site and when using our Services.
Cookies and web beacons are very small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit certain web pages.
Pixlwise collects information through cookies and web beacons about your web browsing activities such as the address of the page you are visiting, the address of the referrer page you previously visited, the time you are viewing the page, your browsing environment and your display settings.
We use cookies and web beacons on our Site and when you interact with our Services to:

Understand traffic patterns and the number of visitors to the Site and our Services and other non-Pixlwise websites that we partner with;
Understand how you use and interact with the Site and our Services;
Improve the Pixlwise products and services;
Optimize your experience on our Site and with our Services;
Provide anonymous individual or aggregate auditing, research, modeling and reporting for our advertisers and other partners (no personally identifiable information about you is shared with our advertisers and other partners as part of these activities);
Store your password so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site or use the Services.
Provide you relevant advertising and content.
and
Properly manage our Site and our Services.

Please note that some cookies may be placed by a third party service provider who performs some of these functions for us.
Other companies’ use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one.
If you are concerned about cookies, most browsers permit individuals to decline cookies.
A user refusing cookies can still fully navigate our Site.
Transactional Information Collected.
In order for you to use our Services, we may require you to provide us with a credit card number and other billing information which will be used to bill you for the Services.
We will only share this information with the third parties we use to process the credit card transaction(s).
Personal Information Collected.
In order for you to access the Services offered via the Site, we may require you to provide us with certain information that personally identifies you (“Personal Information”).
Personal Information includes Contact Data which may include, but is not limited to your name, mailing address, e-mail address, and telephone number.
If you communicate with us by e-mail, post messages to any of our chat groups, bulletin boards, or forums, or otherwise complete online forms, surveys, or contest entries, any information provided in such communication may be collected as Personal Information.
If you chose to sign up for our Services via Social Network, such as Facebook or Google+, you give us permission to collect and store specified data (which is listed when you consent to connect) from that social media account.
This information is also considered Personal Information.
Tracking.
At this time, when we collect information from you for the purpose of tracking your online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services, we do not respond to "Do Not Track" signals or frameworks requesting an alteration to our online tracking of individual users who visit our Site or use our Services.
We may also partner with third-party service providers to serve ads on our behalf on non-affiliated third party sites.
Some of those ads may be personalized, meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on information we or the online advertising network serving the ad collect about your online activities here and elsewhere over time.
To opt out of these types of ads, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative for information about how to opt-out of interest-based advertising by their members.
See http://www.networkadvertising.org for general information about the NAI and http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp for the opt-out page.
You may also visit http://www.aboutads.info/consumers/ to learn about online behavioral advertising and how to opt-out from online behavioral ads served by some or all participating companies.Uses of Information CollectedWe use your Personal Information to send you information about our company or our products or services, or promotional material from select third parties, or to contact you when necessary.
You consent to our use of your personal information in these ways.Sharing of Personal Information.We share certain categories of information we collect from you in the ways described in this Privacy Policy.
We transfer and license Traffic Data and Personal Information to advertisers, list brokers, and other third parties.
The other parties with whom we share the information may want to send you information about their products or services, or to subsequently provide your personal information with other companies that want to send you marketing information and advertisements.
If you do not want us to share your Personal Information with any third parties, please email us at Privacy@Pixlwise.com.
Once Pixlwise has received your request, you will receive an email confirming that your opt-out has been processed.
If you do not receive a confirming email within 72 business hours, please contact Pixlwise again.
Please understand that such a request will likely limit your ability to take advantage of all of the features and services we offer on the Site.Direct Mail and Email MarketingWhen submitting any information on our website you expressly authorize Pixlwise and its affiliates to use your Personal Information as explained in this privacy policy, and you consent to receiving commercial email and direct mail from Pixlwise and affiliates.
You can expect to receive offers regarding specific products and/or services, newsletters, promotions, and other similar offers.
Should you wish to discontinue receiving these e-mailings simply unsubscribe using the link in the email you receive
Further, if you are residing outside the United States, by registering and using this Site or the Services, you acknowledge that the processing of your Personal Information may involve the transfer of such Personal Information from within or outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”) to countries within or outside the EEA whose data protection regulation may not be as stringent as that within the European Union.
We may use Personal Information to provide the services you’ve requested, including services that display customized content and advertising.Wireless CommunicationsIf the e-mail address you provide to Pixlwise is a wireless e-mail address, you agree to receive messages at such address from Pixlwise or third parties with whom Pixlwise shares your information (unless and until you have elected not to receive such messages by following the instructions in the unsubscribe portion of this policy).
You understand that your wireless carrier’s standard rates apply to these messages.
You represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received, and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges.4) Confidential and Security of Personal InformationUser Ability to Access, Update, and Correct Personal InformationWe maintain a procedure in order to help you confirm that your Personal Information remains correct and up-to-date.
At any time, you may contact Pixlwise via email: Privacy@Pixlwise.com to update your Personal Information or request that your Personal Information no longer be shared by Pixlwise.
You can request that Pixlwise stop using your Personal Information for purposes that are not directly related to your use of our Site and Service (for example, to stop receiving advertisements from us for products not directly related to Startup Alley).
You may stop receiving emails unrelated to your use of our Site and Services by sending your request in writing via email to Privacy@Pixlwise.com.
Once Pixlwise has received your request, please give Pixlwise 10 days to remove you from its mailing lists.
SecurityThe information stored on Pixlwise’s computer use industry standard security measures (such as a firewall and password protections) in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under Pixlwise’s control.
Notwithstanding such measures, Pixlwise cannot guarantee that its security measures will prevent its computers from being illegally accessed, and the Personal Information on them stolen or altered.5) Public InformationThe Site and our Services may contain links to other websites.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
In the future, we may also make chat rooms, forums, message boards, and news groups available to you.
Please understand that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information.
We have no control over its use and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your Personal Information.6) Updates and Changes to Privacy PolicyWe reserve the right to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Policy.
Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site.
In the event of a substantive change to this Privacy Policy, you will be required to assent to the new terms, and you may also be notified by email.
If any modification is unacceptable, your only recourse is not to use our Services and the Site.
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or want to contact us, please send an email to Info@Pixlwise.com or write to us at: Pixlwise, Inc., 6965 El Camino Real No.
105-439, Carlsbad, CA 92009.
