

 Illinois 
 About 
 State of Illinois Privacy Notice 
 State of Illinois Privacy Notice www.illinois.gov, www.il.gov, www.state.il.us
The State of Illinois Home Page is a portal with links to other websites.
These include links to web sites operated by Illinois agencies and officials, other government agencies, nonprofit organizations and private businesses.
When you link to another site, you are subject to the privacy policy of that new site. LEGAL NOTICES Access to the State of Illinois websites is provided subject to the following terms and conditions.
Please read these terms carefully as use of these sites constitutes acceptance of all of the following terms and conditions: Disclaimer of Liability Neither the State of Illinois, nor any of its agencies nor any of its employees shall be held liable for any improper or incorrect use of the information described and/or contained herein and assumes no responsibility for anyone's use of the information.
In no event shall the State web site or its employees be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, procurement or substitute goods or services.
loss of use, data, or profits.
or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of this system, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.
This disclaimer of liability applies to any damages or injury, including but not limited to those caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of record, whether for breach of contract, tortious behavior, negligence or under any other cause of action. Disclaimer of Warranties and Accuracy of Data Although the data found using the State of Illinois' access systems has been produced and processed from sources believed to be reliable, no warranty, expressed or implied, is made regarding accuracy, adequacy, completeness, legality, reliability or usefulness of any information.
This disclaimer applies to both isolated and aggregate uses of the information.
The State provides this information on an "as is" basis.
All warranties of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, freedom from contamination by computer viruses and non-infringement of proprietary rights are disclaimed.
Changes may be periodically made to the information herein.
these changes may or may not be incorporated in any new version of the publication.
If you have obtained information from any of the State's web pages from a source other than the State pages, be aware that electronic data can be altered subsequent to original distribution.
Data can also quickly become out of date.
It is recommended that careful attention be paid to the contents of any data associated with a file, and that the originator of the data or information be contacted with any questions regarding appropriate use.
If you find any errors or omissions, we encourage you to report them to webmaster@illinois.gov via email. Disclaimer of Endorsement The State of Illinois is a distributor of content sometimes supplied by third parties and users.
Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information or content expressed or made available by third parties, including information provided by users, or others, are those of the respective author(s) or distributor(s) and do not necessarily state or reflect those of the State of Illinois and shall not be used for advertising or product endorsement purposes.
Reference herein to any specific commercial products, process, or service by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the State. Disclaimer for External Links The State of Illinois is not responsible for the contents of any off-site pages referenced.
The user specifically acknowledges that the State is not liable for the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of other users, links, or third parties and that the risk of injury from the foregoing rests entirely with the user.
Links from the State of Illinois' web pages on the World Wide Web to other sites do not constitute an endorsement from the State.
These links are provided as an information service only.
It is the responsibility of the web surfer to evaluate the content and usefulness of information obtained from other sites.
The State's web site contains links to other related World Wide Web Internet sites and resources.
Since the State's web site is not responsible for the availability of these outside resources or their contents, you should direct any concerns regarding any external link to its site administrator or webmaster. Disclaimer of Duty to Continue Provision of Data Due to the dynamic nature of the Internet, resources that are free and publicly available one day may require a fee or restricted access the next, and the location of items may change as menus, homepages, and files are reorganized.
The user expressly agrees that use of the State's web site is at the user's sole risk.
The State does not warrant that the service will be uninterrupted or error free.
The documents and related graphics published on this server could contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors.
Changes are periodically added to the information herein.
The State and/or its respective agencies and programs may make improvements and/or changes in the information and/or programs described herein at any time. Security The Department of Innovation & Technology (DoIT), as developer and manager of this web site, has taken several steps to safeguard the integrity of its communications and computing infrastructure, including but not limited to authentication, monitoring, auditing, and encryption.
Security measures have been integrated into the design, implementation and day-to-day practices of the entire (DoIT) operating environment as part of its continuing commitment to risk management.
This information should not be construed in any way as giving business, legal, or other advice, or warranting as fail proof, the security of information provided via (DoIT) supported web sites . Google Analytics This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.
("Google").
Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States .
Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf.
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. Choice of Law Construction of the disclaimers above and resolution of disputes thereof are governed by the laws of the State of Illinois.
The laws of the State of Illinois, U.S.A., shall apply to all uses of this data and this system.
By use of this system and any data contained therein, the user agrees that use shall conform to all applicable laws and regulations and user shall not violate the rights of any third parties.
