
         Docs categories 
 Contributor Guide 
 Technical FAQs 
 Contributor Workflow 
 Running A Status Node 
 Status Node Step-by-Step 
 Github Labels 
 Perfect Forward Security 
 Build Status 
 Build Status-Go 
 Status-React Quick Start 


 Other Guides 
 Deploy an EC2 Instance 




 DApp Integration Center 
 Why Status 
 Run on Status 
 Mobile Developer Tools 
 DApp Store Requirements 
 Implement EIP-1102 
 Asset Guidelines 


 Status DApp API 
 Whisper &amp.
QR Codes 


 Curated DApp Store 
 Register DApps 




 User Guides 
 Pairing Devices 
 Security Best Practices 
 Desktop Beta Installation 
 GPG Signature Verification 


 Audits 
 Jobs at Status 
 Status App Terms of Use

Status strives to be a secure communication tool that upholds human rights.
Designed to enable the free flow of information, protect the right to private, secure conversations, and promote the sovereignty of individuals.
Status provides a secure messaging app, crypto wallet, and Web3 browser, built with state of the art technology, integrated into one powerful super app.
These and any other Status services available through the application are simply called the Status app.
These Terms of Use are a contract between you and Status.
You agree to these terms by installing or using the Status app on any device.
If you don’t agree to these terms, don’t use the Status app.
Who we areThe Status Network is an open set of projects building peer-to-peer technologies for people to transact securely, communicate freely, and organize with confidence.
Together, anyone participating in the Status Network helps to build financial and social technology that empowers people to advance their own sovereign communities.
Whenever “Status” or “we” is used in these terms, we’re referring to Status Research &amp.
Development GmbH, the Swiss company that distributes the Status app.
Our contact information can be found on our website. Our Principles drive our decisionsThe goal of Status is widespread adoption of the decentralized web.
Our challenge is achieving mass adoption while staying true to our Principles.
These terms are designed to reflect our Principles and goal for mass adoption, while providing important legal protections for Status and the Status community of users.
You agree to use the Status app in a way that promotes the Status Principles.
In order to offer the Status app on distribution platforms, such as third party app stores, we must include certain provisions required by those distribution platforms in these terms.
In circumstances where the required provisions conflict with our Principles, we’re actively searching for alternative solutions, but in the meantime, the Status app is subject to such third party provisions and you agree to all provisions of these terms.
How to use the Status appThe Status app is free, and account generation is pseudo-anonymous.
You’ll never be asked for a phone number, email address, bank account, or any other personal information when generating a Status app account.
When generating an account, a randomization process is started on your own device that generates a key pair.
You’ll then be given display name options to choose from (derived from this key pair).
Only you have access to your private keys, so only you’re responsible for keeping them safe.

Click here to learn more about account generation.
We care about your privacyStatus uses an open-source, peer-to-peer protocol with end-to-end encryption and metadata suppression to protect your identity, messages, wallet, and browsing information from third parties.
We don’t monetize your private user data, including private messages and browser information, to advertisers or other third parties.
Users may be asked to opt-in to share usage data for the purpose of helping us develop the software.
Be aware that information posted to a blockchain is public.
Guided by our principles, Status is designed to protect your privacy and process as little personal data as possible for the network to thrive.
Status enables pseudo anonymity, strives to provide the right of total anonymity, and offers ways to selectively reveal oneself to the world.
Status can’t, by design, and won’t try to, access your account, private messages, or activity on the Status app without your consent.
All private messages sent in the Status app are encrypted end-to-end by default, to help ensure your privacy.
However, your privacy may be compromised if you use third party services offered within the Status app, such as DApps or Ethereum transactions.
Our full terms regarding third party services are described below.
Learn more about how seriously we protect your data by reading our Privacy Policy and Security Protocol.
 You’re responsible for your activitiesWe believe in the sovereignty of individuals.
As a platform that stands for the cause of personal liberty, we aim to maximize social, political, and economic freedoms.
This also means you’re fully responsible for all activities that occur under your account.

You’re entirely responsible for the information you submit through the Status app, including any harm resulting from that information, and Status shall not be liable for any acts or omissions by you.
When you generate an account, your private keys are generated and stored locally on your own device.
This means that Status doesn’t know which keys belong to you and doesn’t process any personal data in this respect.
You may also choose to store your keys on a keycard (such as the Status Keycard).
of course, Status doesn’t have access to your keycard either.
Status will never have access to or control over your keys or wallet assets, as Status isn’t a custodian.
You’re responsible for taking precautions to protect yourself and your devices from viruses and other harmful content.
You’re also responsible for any carrier or connection charges, fees, and taxes associated with the devices on which you use the Status app.
To use the Status app, you must be fully able and competent to agree to these terms and to use all services provided on the Status app.
To use the Status app without parental permission, you must meet the minimum age requirements in your country of residence.

Status is open-sourceThe software we create is a public good.
The Status source code is made available via free and open-source licenses, for anyone to share, modify, and benefit from (according to the applicable license).
We believe in permission-less participation.
Information regarding the Status app’s current software can be found here.
Our view on censorshipOne of the Status Principles is censorship resistance under cryptographic and cryptoeconomic design.
We enable free flow of information, and no content is under surveillance.
Status hasn’t reviewed, can’t review, and won’t review the content posted by users within the Status app, and therefore, we can’t be responsible for any user’s content.
Status aims to provide the tools for user communities to voluntarily self-regulate their own content.
While using the Status app, you may view content that’s offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable.
content containing technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other errors.
and material that violates others’ rights, including privacy and intellectual property rights.
Status doesn’t endorse any user content or activity on the Status app and disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from user content or activities.
For an explanation about how Status has no means of removing users or user generated content from the Status app, see the section on decentralization and the Waku protocol below. Please limit certain usesWe strive for complete openness and symmetry of information within the Status organization and with our community.
We ask you to respect the Status community too.
You agree to use the Status app in a way that doesn’t harm or violate the rights of Status, Status app users, or others in any way.
You agree that you won’t, and you won’t assist others to: (i) gain or try to gain unauthorized access to the Status app or any Status system.
(ii) disrupt the integrity or performance of the Status app or any Status system.
(iii) generate accounts on the Status app through unauthorized means.
(iv) install any viruses, worms, malware, Trojan horses, or other harmful or destructive code or content.
(v) use spam, data mining, or other unsolicited promotional methods, machine generated content, or unethical or unwanted commercial content.
(vi) engage in phishing, spoofing, or similar fraudulent acts.
(vii) spread misinformation or misleadingly impersonate another person or company.
(viii) stalk, bully, harass or abuse another individual in any way.
(ix) violate the privacy rights of others.
or (x) copy, distribute, sell, license, create derivative works from, or in any other way exploit any copyrighted material, trademarks, or any intellectual property rights of others.
The Status app is decentralizedWe minimize centralization across the software and the organization itself by maximizing the number of physical computers composing the network, and maximizing the number of individuals who have control over the system(s) we’re building.
The Status app is a generic chat app for connecting to the global Waku communication network, just as Chrome/Safari is a generic web browser for connecting to the Web, and just as Google/Apple doesn’t control the content on the Web, Status doesn’t control the content on Waku.
The Status app utilizes a peer-to-peer network that doesn’t rely on any centralized servers from which communication can be blocked.
Instead, the Status app uses a distributed network of nodes connected to the Waku peer-to-peer network.
Learn more about Waku here.
Our services may changeAs Status is an open-source, community-driven project, users can both request and contribute to feature development.
Some or all of the services on the Status app may change or be discontinued at any time, including features or support for certain devices and platforms.
Any and all new services or features added to the Status app are also subject to these terms.
We’ll keep you updatedFrom time to time, we provide updates to the Status app in order to enable new features and enhanced functionality.
If you installed the Status app from a third party app store, you consent to the policies of that app store, which may include automatic downloading and installing of updates to the Status app.
If you installed the Status app from a source other than an app store, Status won’t push automatic downloads or updates without your opt-in consent.
The Status app may be intentionally or unintentionally interrupted, including for maintenance, upgrades, or network or equipment failures.
Sometimes we use third party providersCertain services on the Status app may allow you to access, use, or interact with third party products and services, such as websites, blockchain wallet transactions, apps and DApps, support services, and group chat community spaces.
When you use any third party service, their terms and conditions, including privacy policies, govern your use of those services, and Status shall not be liable for your use of or activities on or with any third party service. Utility of the Status Network TokenYou can interact within the Status app using any compatible token including the Status Network Token (SNT).
SNT is an ERC-20 (Ethereum standard) compatible utility token, used to access and power decentralized services in the Status Network, as well as utilities on third party platforms.
Certain features and functionalities within the Status app require users to deposit or spend SNT or other tokens.
Utility of the SNT token is a primary goal of the Status Network and may include network incentivization, sticker market use, ENS user name registration, DApp curation, and governance, among others.
If you interact within the Status app using SNT, you agree to any and all SNT terms and conditions, including without limitation the SNT Governance Terms.
Respect the Status brandWe create software incentivized to continue to exist and improve, without the stewardship of a single entity or any of the current team members.
The Status community has worked hard to build a brand and goodwill that will also continue to exist and improve over time.
Status owns all copyrights, domains, trade dress (look and feel), design rights and themes, trademarks, logos, graphics, and other intellectual property rights associated with the Status app and the Status brand.

We love to see creative work by users from the Status community, but please let us know in advance if you want to use trademarks, logos, or graphics that are modified from our standard colors and designs.
If you write articles or blogs, create websites, or talk about Status, make sure it’s clear you aren’t speaking for, on behalf of, or under endorsement by Status.
To request permission to use our copyrighted material or trademarks, such as logos, please contact marketing@status.im.
We may change these termsWe may modify or replace any part of these terms.
You’re responsible for checking our website periodically for any changes.
Your continued use of the Status app following posted changes to these terms means that you accept those changes.
Status makes no warrantiesWhenever used in these terms, “representatives” means Status’ affiliates, directors, officers, employees, partners, agents, core contributors, and any other representatives.
The Status app is provided on an “as is” basis, and you use any and all services on the Status app at your own discretion and risk.
Status disclaims all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including without limitation the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.
You understand and agree that Status doesn’t have control over, doesn’t warrant, and has no duty to take any action: (i) that any information provided by Status is complete, accurate, or useful.
(ii) that the Status app and Status systems will be operational or free from failures, disruptions, errors, or delays, including without limitation processing virtual currency or tokens.
(iii) regarding failure of hardware, software, or Internet connections.
(iv) that the Status app and Status systems will be secure, safe, or free from viruses or other malicious code being introduced.
(v) that third parties may obtain unauthorized access to information stored in the Status app, such as your wallet address, private key, seed phrase, or personal data.
(vi) regarding changes to or errors in the Ethereum network.
(vii) regarding risks related to cryptographic and cryptoeconomic systems, virtual currencies, SNT, or other tokens, such as change in transaction costs.
(viii) regarding legal or regulatory risk, inquiry, or action.
(ix) regarding any custodial or fiduciary risk or responsibility, of which Status and its representatives have none.
or (x) regarding third party content accessed through the Status app.
Risks you should know aboutYou represent and warrant that you understand the inherent risks associated with cryptographic and cryptoeconomic systems and have an understanding of the usage and intricacies of virtual currency and tokens (such as Ether (ETH)), smart contract based tokens (such as ERC 20), and blockchain-based systems.
You acknowledge and agree that: (i) Status and its representatives aren’t responsible for the underlying protocols of open source blockchain based networks, which may be subject to sudden changes in operating rules (such as forks), (ii) such changes may materially affect the Status app, and (iii) Status may, in our sole discretion, decide not to support a forked network.
Status and its representatives aren’t responsible whatsoever for any underlying software protocols, whether forked or not.
You acknowledge and understand that cryptographic and cryptoeconomic systems are an emerging technology with inherent risks.
For example, advances in technology, such as cryptography or quantum computers, could result in the theft or loss of your tokens or wallet assets.
While security is at the forefront of our priorities (which is why many functions on the Status app are privacy-mode by default) and Status intends to continuously update its security measures, Status can’t and doesn’t guarantee full security of the Status app, its underlying protocols, or your tokens or wallet assets.
Status has no ongoing duty to alert you to potential security risks, but you can check our Status app security channel for updates when available.
Releases you should read closelyYou release Status and its representatives from all liability related to any claim, cause of action, controversy, dispute, loss, or damages, known or unknown, related to, arising from, or in any way connected with: (i) user error, such as forgotten passwords, incorrectly constructed transactions, or mistyped virtual currency addresses.
(ii) delays, server failure, or data loss.
(iii) unauthorized access to the Status app, your account, or your private data.
(iv) bugs or other errors in the Status app software and code or any Status system.
(v) any unauthorized third party activities, including without limitation the use of viruses, phishing, brute forcing, or other means of attack against the Status app or Status systems.
(vi) risks associated with cryptographic and cryptoeconomic systems, including use or utility of SNT or other tokens.
(vii) fluctuations in transaction costs.
(viii) loss of wallet assets.
and (ix) your use of or activities on any third party service. Status’ liability is limitedIn no event will Status or its representatives be liable under any contract, negligence, strict liability, or other legal or equitable theory for any lost profits, cost of procurement for substitute services, or any special, incidental, or consequential damages related to, arising from, or in any way connected with these terms, Status, or your use of any and all services on the Status app or Status systems, including without limitation use of SNT or other tokens, even if Status or its representatives have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
In any event, Status’ aggregate liability for such claims is limited to One Hundred Euros (100 EUR).
These disclaimers and limitations of liability will apply to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.
You indemnify Status against claimsYou agree to indemnify and hold harmless Status and its representatives from and against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of your use of the Status app or any Status system, including without limitation your violation of these terms.
Where Status operatesStatus Research &amp.
Development GmbH is a Swiss company that conducts global marketing campaigns but doesn’t conduct business activities within the United States of America, District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S.
Virgin Islands, and all other U.S.
territories and possessions, as well as all Swiss Embargoed Countries.
Your use of any and all services on the Status app, including without limitation SNT or other tokens, shall not subject Status or its representatives to jurisdiction in any such prohibited area under any circumstance.
The Status app isn’t intended for distribution in any country where such distribution would subject Status to regulations or jurisdiction of a foreign court, and we reserve the right to limit distribution of the Status app in any country.

How disputes are resolvedWhenever used in these terms, “dispute” has the broadest meaning enforceable by law and includes any claim you make against or controversy you may have with Status and its representatives. Please read this section carefully!We usually prefer arbitration because we believe arbitration is less drama-filled than litigation and meets our Principle of solving problems in the most effective way possible at lower economic costs.
You agree to the following arbitration clause, which is essentially a waiver of your right to litigation and all opportunity to be heard by a judge.
You understand that court review of an arbitration award is limited.
You waive all your rights to a jury trial (if any) in any and all jurisdictions.
Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by you and Status, any dispute related to, arising from, or in any way connected with these terms, Status, or your use of any and all services on the Status app or Status systems, in an amount greater than Seven Hundred Fifty Thousand Euros (750,000 EUR) shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration administered by the Swiss Chambers’ Arbitration Institution in accordance with the Swiss Rules of International Arbitration for the time being in force, which rules are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference, and the arbitral decision may be enforced in any court.
The seat of the arbitration shall be Zug, Switzerland (via video conference virtual/online methods whenever possible), the tribunal shall consist of one arbitrator, all proceedings shall be kept confidential, and the language of the arbitration shall be English.

Any dispute not subject to the paragraph above will be brought exclusively in the courts of Zug, Switzerland, and you submit to such exclusive jurisdiction and venue.

Regardless of any applicable statute of limitations, any claim must be brought within one year after the claim arose or the time when you should have reasonably known about the claim.
You waive the right to participate in a class action lawsuit or a classwide arbitration against Status or its representatives.Swiss law governs these terms and any disputes between you and Status, whether in court or arbitration, without regard to conflict of laws provisions.
What happens if you stop using the Status appIf, at any time, you no longer agree to these terms, you must stop using and uninstall the Status app from all your devices.
Be aware that, even after uninstalling the Status app from all your devices, messages you sent may remain on the device of the recipient, blockchain transactions you made may remain recorded on the blockchain, and smart contracts you deployed to a blockchain may remain deployed.
Even after you stop using the Status app, all provisions of these terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including without limitation warranty disclaimers, indemnity, limitations of liability, dispute resolution, and governing law.
About these termsThese terms cover the entire agreement between you and Status regarding the Status app.
If these terms are considered an offer by Status, acceptance is expressly limited to these terms.
The captions and headings identifying sections and subsections of these terms are for reference only and don’t define, modify, expand, limit, or affect the interpretation of any provisions of these terms.
We provided illustrative graphics and links to websites for your information and education.
Unless otherwise specifically indicated, neither those resources nor the information they contain are included in or part of these terms.
If any part of these terms is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be severable from these terms, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect.
If we fail to enforce any of these terms, that doesn’t mean we’ve breached them or waive the right to enforce them.
If you have specific questions about these terms, please contact us at compliance@status.im.
This document is CC-BY-SA.
 Last update: 2021-12-02 On this page

Status App Terms of Use
Who we are
Our Principles drive our decisions
How to use the Status app
We care about your privacy
You’re responsible for your activities
Status is open-source
Our view on censorship
Please limit certain uses
The Status app is decentralized
Our services may change
We’ll keep you updated
Sometimes we use third party providers
Utility of the Status Network Token
Respect the Status brand
We may change these terms
Status makes no warranties
Risks you should know about
Releases you should read closely
Status’ liability is limited
You indemnify Status against claims
Where Status operates
How disputes are resolved
Please read this section carefully!
What happens if you stop using the Status app
About these terms

