
        This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn moreGot it! 












 Privacy Policy We at StepsApp respect your privacy.
We are glad to tell you more about which data is accessed, how it is used, and which services we use to enhance your StepsApp experience.

iPhone
Android
Web
 1.0 Data Controller and Owner
StepsApp GmbH
Karmeliterplatz 4c
8010 Graz
Austria
info@steps.app
2.0 How we visualize your activity data
StepsApp analyzes your Android device’s built-in pedometer data to generate our visual graphs and to calculate your daily burned calories.
In no case is your personal data ever transferred to a third party.
It is exclusively stored on your device within the application container of StepsApp.
If you choose to have StepsApp integrate with Google Fit, the app will have access only to the health data types you opt-in to accessThe data read from Google Fit is used solely for visualizing your data within the app.
It is not collected or disclosed outside of your local installation of the app.
2.1 Challenges
If you opt in to participate in one of our challenges, you agree that your anonymous activity data is securely uploaded to our servers.
Note that you can opt out of this at any point by disagreeing with the respective terms of service in the app's settings.
Further you can always contact us if you want all of your anonymous data to be removed from our servers completely.
3.0 How we try to make StepsApp even better
We use analytics services as described in Sections 3.1, 3.2 and 3.3 of this Privacy Policy that help us understand how StepsApp is being used.
The processing of your personal data takes place in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
We do not share any personal or Apple Health Kit data.

Usage Information

We collect information about your activity on our services, for instance how you use them (such as frequency, duration of usage, app crashes, features you've been using, advertising that you click on).

Device information

We collect information from and about the device(s) you use to access our services, including:

hardware and software information such as IP address, device ID and type, device-specific and apps settings and characteristics, app crashes, app version, app name, type of user (pro/free), advertising IDs (such as Google's AdvertisingID and Apple's IDFA, both of which are randomly generated numbers that you can reset by going into your device's settings), browser type, version and language, operating system, time zones, identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser (e.g., IMEI/UDID and MAC address).
information on your wireless and mobile network connection, like your service provider and signal strength.

3.1 Facebook Custom Audience
Facebook Custom Audience is a remarketing service provided by Facebook, Inc.
that enables us to better target our Facebook advertising.
Facebook Custom Audience Privacy
3.2 Google Analytics &amp.
Crashlytics
Google Analytics is an analytics service provided by Google, Inc.
Google Analytics Privacy
3.3 E-Mail &amp.
Support:
The only situation we may get access to your personal identifiable information (PII) is when you personally decide to email us your feedback or to provide us with a bug report.
The PII we may get from you in that situation are strictly limited to your name, email address and the contents of your response only.
In above situation, we guarantee that your PII will only be used for contacting you and improving our services.
We will never use such information (e.g.
your name and email address) for any other purposes, such as to further market our products, or to disclose your personal information to a third party for commercial gains.
3.4 Re-Targeting (Ads):
You might see marketing messages (ads) on the platforms listed below, if you give us your explicit consent to share your advertising identifier (IDFA, GAID) with those platforms.
In addition, other users who have similar characteristics to you on those platforms could see marketing messages on those platforms as well (i.e.
Facebook Lookalike audience).
As described in Sections 4.0 of this Privacy Policy an opt-out is possible at any time in your privacy settings.
It may take a few days after the opt-out until you are removed from all audiences.
List of our ad networks and ad exchanges: Admob, AdX, Facebook AN, MoPub, Amazon, Inmobi, SmartAdServer and, Criteo 
4.0 Cookies and other similar data collection technologies
As described in Sections 3.0 of this Privacy Policy, we sometimes work with third parties to deliver ads or offers.
Sometimes we or these third parties do so through a mobile "SDK." The SDK is a bit of computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable data to be collected and ads to be shown.
We may use this and similar technology to deliver certain advertising through mobile applications and browsers based on data associated with your mobile device, and we may work with third parties who likewise embed their SDKs into our services, for third party advertising.
If you'd like to opt-out from having ads tailored to you in this way on your mobile device, please follow the instructions below.
If you wish to opt out of interest-based cross-application tracking through your mobile device, you can do so through your device "settings", as follows (but please note that the below is for informational purposes only and Apple, Google, or other device platforms may change the manner in which their "opt out" settings work at any time): Please note that if you opt out through these settings, you will continue to receive advertising after you opt-out, but it may not be tailored to your interests.
For instance, that advertising may be based on your real-time or "contextual" application usage or general location inferred from IP address.
4.1 Opting out on Android Devices
If you have an Android device and would like to opt out of mobile interest-based or "cross-app" advertising, you may do this as follows: Open the Settings app on your device -&gt.
Go to “Google” -&gt.
Select Ads -&gt.
Opt out of interest-based ads
More information on our use of cookies on our websites can be found in our Cookie Policy.
5.0 Children's Privacy
Our services are intended for general audiences over the age of 13 years old (or over the age of 16 if you are resident in the EEA).
We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 years old, or 16 years old in the EEA.
If you are not over 13 years old (or 16 years old in the EEA) then DO NOT DOWNLOAD OR USE THE SERVICES.
6.0 Last Updated
This Privacy Policy was last modified on July 21, 2021.
If you have any questions regarding privacy, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at info@steps.app
© 2015–2021 StepsApp GmbH
 StepsApp | Help &amp.
Support | Releases | Press Kit | Imprint | Privacy Policy | StepsApp Blog 


