
         MENU 
 Features 
 Password manager 
 Autofill &amp.
autologin 
 Password generator 
 Dark Web Monitoring 
 Digital wallet 
 Secure notes 
 Secure sharing 
 Emergency Access 
 Synchronization 
 Platforms &amp.
browsers 
 USB password manager 


Security
Free × Premium


 More 
 Teams 
 Support 
 Help center 
 Discussion board 
 Downloads &amp.
releases 
 Log in 


 Company 
 Blog 
 About us 
 Saving manatees 
 Contact 


 Log in 


 Get Free 
 Lifetime available Buy Premium 




 Terms &amp.
Conditions 1.
Basic Provisions These Terms &amp.
Conditions govern the relationship between the parties of the Sales Contract between the company Lamantine Software, a.s., (Company Reg.
No.
28325125, VAT CZ28325125), with offices at Orli 483/1, Brno, 60200, registered in the Commercial Register of the Regional Court in Brno under Section B, Inset 5787 as the seller (hereinafter referred to as the "Seller"), and the buyer (hereinafter referred to as the "Buyer").

Buyer - a person or a business entity who buys the Product for her/his own use or for resale to other end users.
By placing an order, Buyer confirms having read these Terms&Conditions.
Unless otherwise specified, the relationship between Buyer and Seller is determined by applicable laws and by these Terms&Conditions by which both parties commit to abide.
These Terms&Conditions define and specify the rights and responsibilities of Seller and Buyer and are an integral part of the Sales Contract.


Sticky Password (hereinafter referred to as the “Product”) – a password management software product produced by Seller and offered for sale on Stickypassword.com (the Website).
Product is made available to Buyers via software download, and activated using “License Keys” delivered via email.

StickyAccount – the password-protected section of Seller´s website intended for consumers, where Buyers can manage their personal License Keys including perform renewals, maintain their personal settings as well administer their devices and browsers.
Buyers also have access to information about the product as well as the ability to contact Sticky Password customer support with any questions. 2.
Placing an order and the Sales Contract 
By placing an order, Buyer confirms that he/she accepts and agrees with these Terms&Conditions, as well as Seller’s refund policy.
The order is a proposed Sales Contract by Buyer.
By completing and submitting an order (on the part of Buyer), and consequent acceptance of this order by Seller, Buyer’s order becomes binding.
In order for the online order placed in Seller’s e-shop at https://www.stickypassword.com/shop to be valid, it is necessary that Buyer completes all required fields during the order process.
Product licenses are not renewed automatically.
it is at Buyer’s sole discretion whether he/she purchases a renewal at the time the license period expires.
The Product License Keys will be sent to the email address designated by Buyer as part of the online order form completed during the order process.
the email address will also be a unique identifier of the Buyer.
The License Keys are also available in Buyer’s StickyAccount.
Buyer becomes the owner of a license upon receipt of the Product License Key after having paid for the Product, either by a credit/debit card, PayPal or wire transfer.

By completing and submitting the online order form in Seller´s e-shop at https://www.stickypassword.com/shop, Buyer consents to Seller collecting and archiving Buyer’s personal details and a list of the purchased License Keys.
This information will be used to identify Buyer and to facilitate communication with Buyer (please check Seller’s Privacy Policy for more details).

 3.
Prices and Payment 
Payment of the purchase price is required before Product will be sent to the Buyer.
The prices of products and services listed on www.StickyPassword.com are inclusive of VAT, and include all other applicable taxes and fees.
VAT and fees are as mandated by Czech law.
 4.
Seller’s Rights and Responsibilities 
Seller’s responsibility is to fulfill Buyer’s order and deliver the ordered License Keys to the email address indicated by Buyer in a timely manner upon receipt of the required payment at Seller’s bank account (the required amount is determined by the order).
The Buyer will receive a receipt or an invoice for the ordered License Keys in PDF format plus any additional information about the license.

All personal information provided by Buyer during the order process is confidential and is subject to the Seller’s Privacy Policy.

Seller may use Buyer’s email address for the Product’s commercial purposes, but Buyer has the option of removing her/his email address from Seller’s mailing list (as specified below).

Upon receiving a written request from Buyer, Seller will remove Buyer’s email address from Seller’s commercial database within one month of receipt of the written request from Buyer.

Seller has the right to reject or cancel any order if Buyer does not fulfill his/her duty to pay for the license(s) or complete the order form as required.

Seller has the right to amend or correct the end user price for a placed order (e.g.
in cases of errors in pricing and prices not displaying correctly).
Buyer will be informed about any corrections in a timely manner.
Buyer has the option to confirm or decline the order at the new sales price.
In the case where Buyer paid for the License Keys in advance (by bank/wire transfer) and decides to withdraw from the contract of purchase for the above-mentioned reason, Seller will refund the purchase price of the License Keys’ within 10 days of receiving a written request from Buyer stating his/her decision to withdraw from the contract (this withdrawal can be submitted by e-mail).
 5.
Buyers’ Rights 
Buyer is obligated to enter a correct and complete e-mail address, to which the Product license(s) will be delivered.
Buyer is obligated to pay the total price.
The total price is indicated to the Buyer during the order process (on the checkout page) prior to the order being submitted.
Buyer has the right to cancel the completed and submitted order or to ask for a refund within 30 days of receiving the License Keys – by contacting Sticky Password customer support – no explanation required.
Seller will return to Buyer the full purchase price, without unnecessary delay and no later than fourteen days after having received the written request.
Payment of the cancellation/refund will be processed in the same manner as the purchase (e.g.
credit card, PayPal, etc.).
All cancellation or refund requests must include the following information: name of Buyer (consumer or a company name), ID customer (mentioned in the receipt/invoice) and the number of the receipt or invoice.
 6.
Final Provisions 
These Terms&Conditions are fully valid as posted on Seller’s website.
By completing the electronic order, Buyer accepts all provisions of these Terms and Conditions that are current on the date of submitting the order.
Buyer also accepts the then-current end user price of the Product(s) as listed in the e-shop at https://www.stickypassword.com/shop.

Warranty and Liability – check Seller’s warranty and liability in the EULA.
These Terms&Conditions will be construed in accordance with and governed in all respects by the laws of the Czech Republic, without regard to any conflicts of law principles that would result due to application of laws of any other jurisdiction.
 PRODUCT 
 Password manager 
 Autofill &amp.
autologin 
 Password generator 
 Dark Web Monitoring 
 Digital wallet 
 Secure notes 
 Secure sharing 
 Emergency Access 
 Synchronization 
 Platforms &amp.
browsers 
 USB password manager 
 Security 
 Reviews 
 PLANS 
 Free × Premium 
 Teams 
 Privacy 
 Terms 
 EULA 
 SUPPORT 
 Help center 
 Downloads &amp.
releases 
 Log in 
 COMPANY 
 Blog 
 About us 
 Partner programs 
 Saving manatees 
 Cookies 
 Contact 


 English 
 Deutsch

 Русский

 Français

 Česky

 日本語


By buying a Premium license you help to save endangered manatees around the world.
 See more
 © 2001 — 2023 Lamantine Software.
Protecting millions of passwords since 2001.
Intel and the Intel logo are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S.
and/or other countries.

Facebook
Twitter
Youtube

Consent to the use of cookies
We work with cookies on our website, which helps us to improve our services and personalize our offers.

Cookies remember how you work with your browser on the given device.
As a result, the website works for you and is able to adapt to your preferences.
Blocking certain file types may affect your user experience with our site, and may impact the offers we are able to provide based on your preferences. Manage options Reject all Accept all 
      