
         Streamlare 


 Support 
 Login 
 Create an Account 
 Privacy Policy  This privacy policy explains how we collect, use and disclose information about you when you use the services provided by Streamlare Inc.
(“Streamlare,” “we,” “us” or “our”) via https://streamlare.com (the “Site”) (collectively, the “Service”).
 1.
Information We May Collect You may post content to the Services without creating an account.
When you do this, our servers automatically collect certain technical information (“Technical Data”) about your use of the Services.
Technical Data is collected as follows: 
(a) Log Data.
Our servers automatically recognize and log visitors' IP addresses (the number assigned to computers on the Internet), Internet service provider, browser type, computer platform, referring web site, date and time of access, links clicked through, and possibly other information as well.
(b) Cookies.
Depending on how you access the Services, we may use the standard "cookies" feature of major browser applications or similar technologies such as HTML 5 local storage that allow us to store a small piece of data on your computer about your visit to our Services.
When we use cookies, we may use “session” cookies (that last until you close your browser) or “persistent” cookies (that last until you or your browser delete them).
For example, we may use cookies to store your preferences or other settings so you don‘t have to set them up every time you visit our Services.
Some of the cookies we use are associated with your account (including personal information about you, such as the email address you gave us), and other cookies are not.
Advertisers may also use cookies on our Services.
We have no access to or control over these cookies once our third-party advertisers have been given permission to set cookies.
This Policy only covers use of cookies by us, and does not cover use of cookies by any third-party advertiser.
(c) Other Device and Contact Information.
Certain features of the Services require access to your device's native phonebook and image storage applications (e.g., to find friends or to store a message in your photo gallery).
If you choose to find friends, the phone numbers in your device's native phonebook will be transmitted to our servers.
When you create an account with us, you may voluntarily provide us with certain information in addition to the Technical Data above which may include personally identifying information (“Account Information”).
(d) Account Information.
This may include, without limitation, your username, password, email address, profile photo or avatar, biographic information, comments, and any other information you may provide to us when you sign up or as you use the Services.
When you use a third-party service, like Facebook or Twitter, to create and authenticate an account, you also agree to their terms of service, privacy policy, and other agreements between you and them.
 2.
Use of Information We use the information we collect to provide our Services to you, as well as to improve them, develop new products, and protect ourselves and our users.
For example, we may keep track of how people use two different versions of a product, which can help us learn which version is better.
 We may also use your information as follows: 
(a) Account Information.
We may use your personal information to verify your identity or to help your friends find you on the Services.
We may also use your contact information to respond to your questions or comments, to inform you of any changes to our Services, to send you additional information about Streamlare and/or the Services, and to offer you other products, programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you from time to time.
(b) Technical Data.
We use anonymous Technical Data to analyze our website traffic, but we do not examine this information for individually identifying information.
In addition, we may use anonymous IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our servers, to administer our Services, or to display the content according to your preferences.
Traffic and Site activity information may also be shared with advertisers and other third parties on an aggregate and anonymous basis.
(c) Cookies.
We may use cookies (and other technologies having similar functions, such as HTML 5 local storage) to deliver content specific to your interests, to remember you when you return to the Services, or for other purposes.
Promotions or advertisements displayed on our Services may also contain cookies (or technologies with similar function).
We do not have access to or control over information collected by outside advertisers on our Services.
3.
Disclosure of Information When you post content to the Services, your content becomes public and anyone can view it.
We may disclose other information about you or your use of the Services, which may include Technical Data and/or Account Information, under certain appropriate circumstances, such as:  When we have a good-faith belief that we must in order to comply with the law or with legal process served on us or our affiliates, When necessary to protect and defend our rights or property, or those of our users, or to act under exigent circumstances to protect the safety of our users or the public at large.
or To facilitate a sale of the Services or a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or similar transaction or proceeding that involves the transfer of the information described in this Policy.
4.
Security We have security measures in place to prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information that we obtain from you, but we can make no assurances regarding our ability to prevent any such loss, misuse or alteration.
5.
Consent to Communications You consent to receive communications from us electronically and agree that we may communicate with you by email, by posting notices on the Services, or via push notifications on your mobile device.
You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
 We will never email you to ask for your password or other account information.
If you receive such an email, please contact us.
6.
Contacting Us If you have any questions about this Policy, or, our practices related to our Services, please contact us.
7.
Changes We may change this policy from time to time, and if we do we’ll post any changes on this page.
If you continue to use the Services after those changes go into effect, you agree to the revised Policy.
If the changes are significant, we may provide more prominent notice or get your consent as required by law.
Streamlare 
 Contact Us 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Copyright Policy 
 Privacy Policy 
 Affiliate Program 
 API 
 © 2022 Streamlare.
All rights reserved 
      