
         English 


Arabic
čeština, český jazyk
Danish
Deutsch
English
Español
Suomeksi
Français
Magyar
Indonesian
Italiano
日本語
한국어
Lietuvių kalba
Nederlands
Norsk
Język polski
Português (Brazil)
Português
Русский
Slovenian
Cрпски језик
Svenska
Türkçe
Український
Tiếng Anh
简体中文 (Chinese Simplified)
繁體中文 （Chinese Traditional）




 Login 
 Prime 
 Streamlabs OBS 
 Design Your Stream 
 Stream Overlays 
 Alert Box Themes 
 Alert Box Sounds 
 Logo Maker 
 Multistream 
 Custom Tip Page 
 Tips 
 Mobile App 
 App Store 
 Merch 
 Cloudbot 
 Charity 
 Sponsorships 
 Content Hub 
 Articles 
 Discord 
 Contact Us Products 

Products
Explore our range of products and features



 Prime 
 Streamlabs OBS 
 Design Your Stream 
 Stream Overlays 
 Alert Box Themes 
 Alert Box Sounds 
 Logo Maker 
 Multistream 
 Custom Tip Page 
 Tips 
 Mobile App 
 App Store 
 Merch 
 Cloudbot 
 Charity 
 Sponsorships 








 Widgets 

Engage
Entertain and engage with your audience

 Alert Box 
 Event List 
 Chat Box 
 Stream Labels 
 Viewer Count 
 End Credits 
 Spin Wheel 
 Media Share 

Monetize
Let viewers support you and monetize your stream

 Goals 
 Tip Jar 
 Stream Boss 
 Sponsor Banner 
 Tip Ticker 
 Content Hub Support 

Support



 Articles 
 Discord 
 Contact Us 
 English 


Arabic
čeština, český jazyk
Danish
Deutsch
English
Español
Suomeksi
Français
Magyar
Indonesian
Italiano
日本語
한국어
Lietuvių kalba
Nederlands
Norsk
Język polski
Português (Brazil)
Português
Русский
Slovenian
Cрпски језик
Svenska
Türkçe
Український
Tiếng Anh
简体中文 (Chinese Simplified)
繁體中文 （Chinese Traditional）
 Login 
 Prime Download Terms of Service Last Updated on September 3, 2020 OVERVIEW  This website ("streamlabs.com"), Creator Sites, Streamlabs OBS, Streamlabs Merch, Streamlabs OBS App Store and Streamlabs Mobile App is operated by Streamlabs.
Throughout the site, the terms “we”, “us”, and “our” refer to Streamlabs.
Streamlabs offers this website, including all information, tools, and services available from this site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies, and notices stated here.

 By visiting our site and/or using our service, you engage in our “Service” and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Service”, “Terms”), including those additional terms and conditions and policies referenced herein and/or available by hyperlink.
These Terms of Service apply to all users of the site, including without limitation users who are browsers, vendors, customers, tippers, merchants, and/or contributors of content.

 Please read these Terms of Service carefully before accessing or using our website.
By accessing or using any part of the site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service.
If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the website or use any services.
If these Terms of Service are considered an offer, acceptance is expressly limited to these Terms of Service.

 Any new features or tools which are added to the service shall also be subject to the Terms of Service.
You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time on this page.
We reserve the right to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and/or changes to our website.
It is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes.
Your continued use of or access to the website following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.
 INTRODUCTION  Streamlabs is the #1 live streaming tools for Creators.
Streamlabs offerings span live streaming desktop software, mobile application, Creator Sites, Merch, Developer App Store, and offers services for the Creator to customize, monetize, and optimize their live stream.
Streamlabs offers a free service, as well as a premium paid services for both the viewer and the Creator.
Streamlabs is a service that allows viewers to send and receive money ("tips") through third-party payment processors.
Our service also features a variety of tools and widgets that can utilize various data from our services, and data from authorized third parties.
 USER TERMS  The Streamlabs Services are not available to persons under the age of 13.
If you are between the ages of 13 and 18 (or between 13 and the age of legal majority in your jurisdiction of residence), you may only use the Streamlabs Services under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to be bound by these Terms of Service.

 The Streamlabs Services are also not available to any users previously removed from the Streamlabs Services by Streamlabs.
Finally, the Streamlabs Services are not available to any persons barred from receiving them under the laws of the United States or applicable laws in any other jurisdiction.You may not use our service for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor may you, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).
You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature.
A breach or violation of any of the Terms will result in an immediate termination of your Services.

 BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, OR OTHERWISE USING THE STREAMLABS SERVICES, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE AT LEAST 13 YEARS OF AGE, THAT YOUR PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF SERVICE IF YOU ARE BETWEEN 13 AND THE AGE OF LEGAL MAJORITY IN YOUR JURISDICTION OF RESIDENCE, AND THAT YOU HAVE NOT BEEN PREVIOUSLY REMOVED FROM OR PROHIBITED FROM RECEIVING THE STREAMLABS SERVICES.
 GENERAL CONDITIONS We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.
 You understand that your content, may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks.
and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.

 You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service or any contact on the website through which the service is provided, without express written permission by us.

 The headings used in this Agreement are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms.
 ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, AND TIMELINESS OF INFORMATION  We are not responsible if information made available on this site is not accurate, complete, or current.
The material on this site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or timelier sources of information.
Any reliance on the material on this site is at your own risk.

 This site may contain certain historical information.
Historical information, necessarily, is not current and is provided for your reference only.
We reserve the right to modify the contents of this site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on our site.
You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to our site.
 MODIFICATIONS TO THE SERVICE AND PRICES Prices and/or fees for our Service are subject to change without notice.
 We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time.

 We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension, or discontinuance of the Service.
 SENDING TIPS  We allow you to send tips (also referred to as “donations”) through this Service using multiple payment methods.
We reserve the right to change these payment methods at any time.
We reserve the right to impose limits on the number of transactions you can send through our Service.
When sending tips, the recipient is not required to accept or acknowledge them.
You agree that you will not hold us liable for any unclaimed or unacknowledged tips.

 By sending a tip or donation to the recipient, you agree that the card is your own and authorize us to charge each tip transaction in full.
This charge is non-refundable, non-profitable, and/or exchangeable and cannot be withdrawn or charged back.
You acknowledge that you are not receiving any goods/services in return for this tip.

 You, the Tipper, have the option to pay for the processing fee at the point of the tip transaction.
By checking the fee option, you agree to authorize us to deduct any associated processing fees as needed by the payment processor.
Due to currency exchange discrepancy from our API and our payment processor’s API the total charge to the tipper may off by a minimal amount and any overcharged fees will be given to the Creator.
If you decide not to opt in to pay the fee, the Creator is fully responsible for it.
 THIRD PARTY SITE PROMOTIONS  When using Streamlabs, you may have the option to utilize a third party site to earn credits for the use of Streamlabs as well as other promotional offers.
You authorize Streamlabs to share information with these third party sites if you choose to take part in the promotion.
You additionally agree to the Terms of Service of these third party sites when utilizing them, as well as the Terms of Service of Streamlabs when leaving the Streamlabs site to take part in the third party site’s interface to earn these credits or promotions.
Streamlabs and the third party service reserve the right to withhold points earned for any reason.
Streamlabs reserves the right to remove your account credit balance if you are in a breach of the Terms of Service, or suspected of a breach in the Terms of Service, on the third party site or on Streamlabs.
 RECEIVING TIPS  We reserve the right to collect a fee for tips received.
Fees are subject to change without prior notification, it is your responsibility as the user to stay updated on Fees and changes to the Fees.
When receiving tips, you are liable for any chargebacks or disputes that may occur thereafter in association with those transactions.
We are not liable for any charges that may be incurred from these chargebacks or disputes.
At any point our payment processors determine you are incurring excessive Chargebacks, your Streamlabs account may results in additional controls and restrictions on your balance.

 You agree to send any type of identification that is asked for in order to complete a withdrawal request.
You agree to pay a fee for any withdrawal.
If bank account information and country of issuance is incorrect, you are subject to a delay in your withdrawal and/or account deletion.
If country of issued bank account is incorrect, you will not be able to change it.
You must contact Streamlabs support immediately.

 By accepting this agreement, you authorize us to hold, receive, and disburse funds on your behalf when such funds from the Card Networks are settled into your account.
We may make available to you information in the Streamlabs management dashboard regarding anticipated settlement amounts received on your behalf from the Card Networks and are being held pending settlement.
This settlement information does not constitute a deposit or other obligation of Streamlabs or our payment processor to you.
This settlement information reflected in the Streamlabs management dashboard is for reporting and informational purposes only, and you are not entitled to, and have no ownership or other rights in settlement funds, until such funds are credited to your designated bank settlement account.
Your authorizations set forth herein will remain in full force and effect until your Streamlabs account is closed or terminated.

 You agree to pay all fees assessed by us to you for providing our payment processors services.
Tippers have the option to pay for your fee at the point of the tip transaction.
Due to currency exchange discrepancy from Streamlabs’ API and our payment processor’s API the total charge to the tipper may off by a minimal amount and overcharged fees will be given to the Creator.
If they decide not to opt in to pay the fee, you are fully responsible for it.
 Registration  To register your account to start receiving credit card tips, you must provide your personal information (which cannot be changed after registration) and bank account information.
To enable withdrawals and transfers from your account, you must submit valid personal and bank information which will be sent for verification to our payment processor.
This private information is never saved on Streamlabs’ website.
You will able be required to submit valid government identification if requested by our payment processor for further verification.
In consideration of use of the Service, you agree to maintain and update true, accurate, current and complete Registration Data.
If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or if our payment processor has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, our payment processor may suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service or any portion thereof.
Failure to submit required information may limit your ability to withdraw and/or transfer your pending balance.

 To register your account to start receiving PayPal tips, you must provide your email associated with your Paypal account.
Failure to submit the correct information may limit your ability to receive tips.
 Chargebacks  In the event a Chargeback is issued, you are immediately liable for the full amount of the transaction related to the Chargeback.
You are also liable for any associated fees, fines, expenses, or penalties.
You agree that any associated fees, fines, or expenses will be deducted from your Streamlabs balance (see Reserves).

 For credit card tips, Streamlabs will be elected to contest Chargebacks assessed against you.
You agree to provide us with the necessary information, in a timely manner and at your expense, to investigate or help resolve any Chargeback.
You also grant us permission to share records or other information required with financial institutions and Card Networks to help resolve any disputes.
You acknowledge that your failure to provide us with complete and accurate information in a timely manner may result in an irreversible Chargeback being assessed.
If the Chargeback is resolved in your favor, the Chargeback amount and any associated fees will be recovered to your Streamlabs balance.

 At any point our payment processors determine you are incurring excessive Chargebacks, your Streamlabs account may results in additional controls and restrictions on your balance.

 For Paypal tips, you are solely responsible for contesting Chargebacks and disputes.
You are liable for any chargebacks or disputes that may occur thereafter in association with those transactions.
We are not liable for any charges that may be incurred from these chargebacks or disputes.
 Reserves  You agree that a 60 day reserve may be accounted on your balance to cover any Chargebacks at the point of credit card tip sign up.
This reserve may decrease or increase depending on the history and activity of your account.

 In certain circumstances, we may determine that a Reserve on your account is necessary to provide the payment services to you.
You agree that Streamlabs, in its sole discretion, will set the terms of a Reserve on your account, where needed.
Streamlabs will notify you of such terms, which may require that a certain amount (including the full amount) of the funds received for your transaction is held for a period of time or that additional amounts are held in a Reserve Account.
 Withdrawal/Transfers  You may transfer funds from your available account balance once your bank account information is completely filled on your Streamlabs account.
Funds from credit card tips are only available for transfer through bank accounts.
You agree to send any type of identification that is asked for in order to complete a withdrawal request.
You agree to pay a fee for any withdrawal.

 If bank account information and country of issuance is incorrect, you are subject to a delay in your withdrawal and/or account deletion.
If country of issued bank account is incorrect, you will not be able to change it.
You must contact Streamlabs support immediately.
 Handling of Funds  By accepting this agreement, you authorize us to hold, receive, and disburse funds on your behalf when such funds from the Card Networks are settled into your account.
We may make available to you information in the Streamlabs management dashboard regarding anticipated settlement amounts received on your behalf from the Card Networks and are being held pending settlement.
This settlement information does not constitute a deposit or other obligation of Streamlabs or our payment processor to you.
This settlement information reflected in the Streamlabs management dashboard is for reporting and informational purposes only, and you are not entitled to, and have no ownership or other rights in settlement funds, until such funds are credited to your designated bank settlement account.
Your authorizations set forth herein will remain in full force and effect until your Streamlabs account is closed or terminated.
 Fees  You agree to pay all fees assessed by us to you for providing our payment processors services.
Tippers have the option to pay for your fee at the point of the tip transaction.
Due to currency exchange discrepancy from Streamlabs’ API and our payment processor’s API the total charge to the tipper may off by a minimal amount and overcharged fees will be given to the streamer.
If they decide not to opt in to pay the fee, you are fully responsible for it.
 Your Privacy  Your privacy is important to us, and you acknowledge that you have read in full agreement to our Privacy Policy.
 STREAMLABS OBS APP STORE TERMS  Streamlabs OBS App Store (herein referred to as the “App Store”) is an online application platform and store, owned and operated by Streamlabs.
You become an App Store user by downloading Streamlabs OBS.
This agreement takes effect the moment that you download the Streamlabs OBS application, and by doing so, you agree to be bound by the entire terms within this agreement.
 SUBSCRIPTIONS, CONTENT &amp.
SERVICES  As an App Store user, you may obtain access to download Third-Party Applications through the App Store, herein referred to as “Apps”, which grant you certain services, software and content, herein referred to as “Content and Services”.

 Each App allows you to access particular Content and Services.
Some Apps may impose additional terms specific to that App ("Terms of Service" or an end user license agreement specific to the Content and Services of that App).

 By downloading the App, you agree to be bound by the App’s Terms, Privacy Policy, as well as this agreement, and the Streamlabs Privacy Policy.
 LICENSE OF APP STORE CONTENT  App licenses are provided to you by the Third Party Developer (“App Provider”).
Streamlabs acts as an agent for App Providers in providing the APp Store and is not a party to the sales contract agreement between you and the App Provider.
Any App that you acquire is governed by the Licensed Application End User License Agreement (Standard EULA) set forth below, and/or the App Provider’s Terms of Service and Privacy Policy, or custom EULA.
The App Provider of any Third Party App is solely responsible for its content, warranties, and claims that you may have related to the Third Party App.
You acknowledge and agree that Streamlabs is a third-party beneficiary of the Standard EULA or the App Provider’s terms or custom EULA applicable to each Third Party App and may therefore enforce such agreement.
 LICENSED APPLICATION END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT  Apps made available through the App Store are licensed, not sold, to you.
Your license to each App is subject to your prior acceptance of either this Licensed Application End User License Agreement (“Standard EULA”), or a custom end user license agreement between you and the Application Provider (“Custom EULA”), if one is provided.
Your license to any Streamlabs App under this Standard EULA or Custom EULA is granted by Streamlabs, and your license to any Third Party App under this Standard EULA or Custom EULA is granted by the Application Provider of that Third Party App.
Any App that is subject to this Standard EULA is referred to herein as the “Licensed Application.” The Application Provider or Streamlabs as applicable (“Licensor”) reserves all rights in and to the Licensed Application not expressly granted to you under this Standard EULA.

 a.
Scope of License: Licensor grants to you a nontransferable license to use the Licensed Application on any Streamlabs-branded products that you own or control and as permitted by the Usage Rules.
The terms of this Standard EULA will govern any content, materials, or services accessible from or purchased within the Licensed Application as well as upgrades provided by Licensor that replace or supplement the original Licensed Application, unless such upgrade is accompanied by a Custom EULA.
Except as provided in the Usage Rules, you may not distribute or make the Licensed Application available over a network where it could be used by multiple devices at the same time.
You may not transfer, redistribute or sublicense the Licensed Application and, if you sell your Streamlabs Device to a third party, you must remove the Licensed Application from the Streamlabs Device before doing so.
You may not copy (except as permitted by this license and the Usage Rules), reverse-engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, modify, or create derivative works of the Licensed Application, any updates, or any part thereof (except as and only to the extent that any foregoing restriction is prohibited by applicable law or to the extent as may be permitted by the licensing terms governing use of any open-sourced components included with the Licensed Application).

 b.
Consent to Use of Data: You agree that Licensor may collect and use technical data and related information—including but not limited to technical information about your device, system and application software, and peripherals—that is gathered periodically to facilitate the provision of software updates, product support, and other services to you (if any) related to the Licensed Application.
Licensor may use this information, as long as it is in a form that does not personally identify you, to improve its products or to provide services or technologies to you.

 c.
Termination.
This Standard EULA is effective until terminated by you or Licensor.
Your rights under this Standard EULA will terminate automatically if you fail to comply with any of its terms.

 d.
External Services.
The Licensed Application may enable access to Licensor’s and/or third-party services and websites (collectively and individually, "External Services").
You agree to use the External Services at your sole risk.
Licensor is not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy of any third-party External Services, and shall not be liable for any such third-party External Services.
Data displayed by any Licensed Application or External Service, including but not limited to financial, medical and location information, is for general informational purposes only and is not guaranteed by Licensor or its agents.
You will not use the External Services in any manner that is inconsistent with the terms of this Standard EULA or that infringes the intellectual property rights of Licensor or any third party.
You agree not to use the External Services to harass, abuse, stalk, threaten or defame any person or entity, and that Licensor is not responsible for any such use.
External Services may not be available in all languages or in your Home Country, and may not be appropriate or available for use in any particular location.
To the extent you choose to use such External Services, you are solely responsible for compliance with any applicable laws.
Licensor reserves the right to change, suspend, remove, disable or impose access restrictions or limits on any External Services at any time without notice or liability to you.

 e.
NO WARRANTY: YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT USE OF THE LICENSED APPLICATION IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE LICENSED APPLICATION AND ANY SERVICES PERFORMED OR PROVIDED BY THE LICENSED APPLICATION ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND “AS AVAILABLE,” WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND LICENSOR HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE LICENSED APPLICATION AND ANY SERVICES, EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF ACCURACY, OF QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND OF NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS.
NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY LICENSOR OR ITS AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY.
SHOULD THE LICENSED APPLICATION OR SERVICES PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR LIMITATIONS ON APPLICABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS OF A CONSUMER, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

 f.
Limitation of Liability.
TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL LICENSOR BE LIABLE FOR PERSONAL INJURY OR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR ANY OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE LICENSED APPLICATION, HOWEVER CAUSED, REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY (CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE) AND EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR PERSONAL INJURY, OR OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
In no event shall Licensor’s total liability to you for all damages (other than as may be required by applicable law in cases involving personal injury) exceed the amount of fifty dollars ($50.00).
The foregoing limitations will apply even if the above stated remedy fails of its essential purpose.

 g.
You may not use or otherwise export or re-export the Licensed Application except as authorized by United States law and the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Licensed Application was obtained.
In particular, but without limitation, the Licensed Application may not be exported or re-exported (a) into any U.S.-embargoed countries or (b) to anyone on the U.S.
Treasury Department's Specially Designated Nationals List or the U.S.
Department of Commerce Denied Persons List or Entity List.
By using the Licensed Application, you represent and warrant that you are not located in any such country or on any such list.
You also agree that you will not use these products for any purposes prohibited by United States law, including, without limitation, the development, design, manufacture, or production of nuclear, missile, or chemical or biological weapons.

 h.
The Licensed Application and related documentation are "Commercial Items", as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R.
§2.101, consisting of "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer Software Documentation", as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R.
§12.212 or 48 C.F.R.
§227.7202, as applicable.
Consistent with 48 C.F.R.
§12.212 or 48 C.F.R.
§227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are being licensed to U.S.
Government end users (a) only as Commercial Items and (b) with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein.
Unpublished-rights reserved under the copyright laws of the United States.

 i.
Except to the extent expressly provided in the following paragraph, this Agreement and the relationship between you and Streamlabs shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, excluding its conflicts of law provisions.
You and Streamlabs agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the county of Santa Clara, California, to resolve any dispute or claim arising from this Agreement.
If (a) you are not a U.S.
citizen.
(b) you do not reside in the U.S..
(c) you are not accessing the Service from the U.S..
and (d) you are a citizen of one of the countries identified below, you hereby agree that any dispute or claim arising from this Agreement shall be governed by the applicable law set forth below, without regard to any conflict of law provisions, and you hereby irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in the state, province or country identified below whose law governs: 
 If you are a citizen of any European Union country or Switzerland, Norway or Iceland, the governing law and forum shall be the laws and courts of your usual place of residence.

 Specifically excluded from application to this Agreement is that law known as the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods  PAYMENT PROCESSING  Payment processing related to Content and Services and/or Apps purchased on Streamlabs OBS App Store is processed by a Third-Party Payment Processor, depending on the payment method chosen for purchase.
You agree to be bound by the terms of that Third-Party Payment processor.
 CREDITS AND REFUNDS  From time to time, Streamlabs may issue credits or “Free Apps” to user accounts, for use in App Store purchases.
Credits or Free Apps used for App Store purchases are not eligible for refund.
Should there be a fee associated with processing a credit or free transaction, the user is always responsible for any Internet service provider, telephone, and other connection fees that you may incur when using the App Store, even when Streamlabs offers a credit or free application.
Should you have any questions about refunds, credits or free applications, you can contact customer support at support@streamlabs.com  BETA LICENSING  Streamlabs may from time to time make software and Apps accessible to you via App Store and via Streamlabs OBS prior to the general commercial release of such software ("Beta").
You are not required to use Beta Software, Apps or Content and Services, but if Streamlabs offers it, you may elect to use it under the following terms: 

 Your right to use the Beta may be limited in time, and may be subject to additional Subscription Terms.

 Streamlabs or any Streamlabs affiliate may request or require that you provide suggestions, feedback, or data regarding your use of the Beta software, which you grant Streamlabs the right to use, dissect and repurpose at their sole discretion 
 You specifically acknowledge that Beta Software is only released for testing and improvement purposes, in particular to provide Streamlabs and Third-Party App Developers with feedback on the quality and usability of said Beta Software, and therefore contains errors, is not final and may create incompatibilities or damage to your computer, data, and/or software.
If you decide to install and/or use Beta Software, you shall only use it in compliance with its purposes, i.e.
for testing and improvement purposes and in any case not on a system or for purposes where the malfunction of the Beta Software can cause any kind of damage.
In particular, maintain full backups of any system that you choose to install Beta Software on.

 RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF APPLICATIONS AND CONTENT AND SERVICES  You may not use the Apps and Content and Services for any purpose other than the permitted by this Agreement or the EULA, custom EULA and Third-Party applicable Terms.
Except as otherwise permitted under this Agreement, or under applicable law notwithstanding these restrictions, you may not, in whole or in part, copy, photocopy, reproduce, publish, distribute, translate, reverse engineer, derive source code from, modify, disassemble, decompile, create derivative works based on, or remove any proprietary notices or labels from the Content and Services or any software accessed via Streamlabs without the prior consent, in writing, of Streamlabs.

 You are entitled to use the Apps and Content and Services for your own personal use, but you are not entitled to: (i) sell, grant a security interest in or transfer reproductions of the Content and Services to other parties in any way, nor to rent, lease or license the Content and Services to others without the prior written consent of Streamlabs and the Third-Party App Developer (App Provider), except to the extent expressly permitted elsewhere in this Agreement (including any Subscription Terms or Rules of Use).
(ii) host or provide matchmaking services for the Content and Services or emulate or redirect the communication protocols used by Streamlabs in any network feature of the Content and Services, through protocol emulation, tunneling, modifying or adding components to the Content and Services, use of a utility program or any other techniques now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose including, but not limited to network play over the Internet, network play utilizing commercial or non-commercial gaming networks or as part of content aggregation networks, websites or services, without the prior written consent of Streamlabs.
or (iii) exploit the Content and Services or any of its parts for any commercial purpose, except as expressly permitted elsewhere in this Agreement.
 THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS, SITES AND CONTENT  Streamlabs may provide links to other third party sites, or third party sites may be included in Apps.
Some of these sites may charge separate fees, which are not included in and are in addition to any App fee or other fees that you may pay to Streamlabs or Apps.
Any separate charges or obligations you incur in your dealings with these third parties are your responsibility.
Streamlabs makes no representations or warranties, either express or implied, regarding any third party site.
In particular, Streamlabs makes no representation or warranty that any service or subscription offered via third-party vendors and Apps will not change or be suspended or terminated.
In regard to all Apps and Contents and Services that are not authored by Streamlabs, Streamlabs does not screen such third party content available on App Store or through other sources.
Streamlabs assumes no responsibility or liability for such third party content.
Some third party application software is capable of being used by businesses for business purposes - however, you may only acquire such software via App Store for private personal use.
 TIPPERS Registration  By sending a tip to the recipient, you agree that the card is your own and authorize Streamlabs to charge each tip transaction in full.
This charge is non-refundable, non-profitable, and/or exchangeable and cannot be withdrawn or charged back.
You acknowledge that you are not receiving any goods/services in return for this tip.
 Sending Tips/Donations  Streamlabs allows users to send tips through third party payment processors.
We reserve the right to add or remove support for these third party payment processors at any time.
The recipient of tips are not required to acknowledge or accept them.
You agree that you will not hold Streamlabs liable for any unclaimed or unacknowledged tips.
 Fees  You, the Tipper, have the option to pay for the processing fee at the point of the tip transaction.
By checking the fee option, you agree to authorize Streamlabs to deduct any associated processing fees as needed by the payment processor.
Due to currency exchange discrepancy from Streamlabs’ API and our payment processor’s API the total charge to the tipper may off by a minimal amount and any overcharged fees will be given to the Creator.
If you decide not to opt in to pay the fee, the Creator is fully responsible for it.
 Your Privacy  Your privacy is important to us, and you acknowledge that you have read in full agreement to our Privacy Policy.
 STREAMLABS ALL-STARS PROGRAM TERMS  The Streamlabs All-Stars Program (the "Program") is brought to you by Streamlabs ("Streamlabs" or "we").
Participation in the Program is subject to these terms and conditions and Privacy Policy which are incorporated herein (collectively, the "Program Terms").
The benefits and rewards outlined herein are provided in connection with the use of the Streamlabs products.
 Eligibility  In order to participate as a Program Member (defined below) in the Program you must have a valid and active Streamlabs account.
You may only have one Program account ("Program Account") and may not share memberships or have multiple memberships.
However, there may be more than one Program Member in a household.
Memberships cannot be merged or transferred.
During the initial phases of the Program, Streamlabs may make the Program available on a rolling or staggered basis such that not all individuals will become eligible for the Program at the same time.
By participating in this Program you are agreeing to these Program Terms.
If you do not agree to these Program Terms, do not participate in the Program.


 Membership Commencement and Tier progression  When an individual becomes a Program Member, they start in the Program Tier that corresponds to the number of Program Points of their CCV.
Each Program Member may advance to the next Membership Tier by accruing the minimum number of Program Points required for each Tier.
Once the Program Member becomes eligible to move into a new Membership Tier, the Program Member will see it become available to “unlock” within their dashboard.
The Program Member must click the “unlock” button to progress into the new Membership Tier.
 Bonus Points  At times, the Program may offer the Program Members certain opportunities to acquire additional Program Points (“Bonus Points”) through enabling Streamlabs products and completing certain tasks related to the Streamlabs products.
Bonus Points tasks will be listed within the Dashboard as a checklist with the number of Bonus Points eligible for completing each task.
Once the tasks are completed, the Bonus Points will immediately be applied to your account.
 Giveaways  No purchase or payment necessary to enter and win the Sweepstakes on Streamlabs All-Stars ("Streamlabs"), and everyone who is eligible to enter has an equal chance of winning.
Streamlabs is the sponsor of all Sweepstakes (the "Giveaways") hosted on the Streamlabs website.
The Giveaways are not sponsored, endorsed, administered by, or associated with any other organization.
These official rules apply to every Giveaway campaign we run—but sometimes we also have extra information or requirements.
In those cases, we publish extra rules on the Giveaway campaign.
Usually those rules work with these, but occasionally, we may need to adjust some of these rules for that campaign.
We’ll tell you about those changes on the campaign page.
For full contest rules see Streamlabs All-Stars Contest Rules.
 Account Termination  Participation in the Program is a privilege granted to Program Members, and as such can be suspended, revoked, or terminated at any time by us for any reason.
If your Program Membership is terminated, all Points associated with your Program Membership and any Membership Benefits will be forfeited immediately upon termination.
If your Program Membership is terminated due to fraudulent activity or noncompliance with these Program Terms, or the Streamlabs Terms, in addition to forfeiting all Points and Membership Benefits associated with your Program Membership immediately, you cannot participate in or rejoin the Program.
 Program Changes and Termination  We reserve the right to change or terminate the Program, or any part thereof, at any time without notice and without further obligations to Program Members, including, but not limited to modifications which: a) govern how Points are earned on and after the date of change.
or b) change the value of benefits.
No Points will be earned or redeemed after the effective date of termination.
Any and all changes and/or amendments to these Program Terms will become binding upon all members immediately.
 AFFILIATE TERMS  As an affiliate, you have a unique Streamlabs URL that will link to a download of Streamlabs OBS (aka SLOBS).
For each unique individual who installs SLOBS, you'll earn compensation.

 Payments will be made monthly.
Please note that you must meet a minimum threshold of $10 to qualify for payments each month.
If you don't meet the minimum threshold in a given month, all of your installs will carryover to the following month.
Your affiliate information and FAQs are located in your Streamlabs dashboard.
Streamlabs reserves the right to terminate participation in the Affiliate program at our sole discretion, as well as audit the payouts to Affiliates should there be fraud, or potential fraud on the account or Affiliate Link.
As an Affiliate you agree to engage in lawful use of the Affiliate Link, and will not engage in fraudulent activities and Prohibited Uses, referenced within this Terms of Service.
Running pay-per-click advertising campaigns on your affiliate link is not allowed.
You will only be paid for unique installations that are the result of content you own such as tutorials, blogs and videos.

 As an Affiliate of Streamlabs, you are not an employee or contractor, and have full creative control over your content.
Streamlabs grants Affiliates a limited, non-exclusive and revocable license to utilize the Streamlabs marker and name, in connection with the Affiliate Link and download, for the duration of your participation in the Affiliate Program.

 Affiliates are paid at the beginning of every month for the previous month.
Currently, we only support PayPal as the payout method.
Streamlabs reserves the sole right to determine what constitutes a valid installation, and should there become a dispute and an audit, it is the Affiliate’s responsibility to provide proof that an installation in question was valid.

 More information on the Affiliate program can be found within the Affiliate dashboard, and how we collect, track and use your information is within the Privacy Policy.
 YOUTUBE API  Streamlabs utilizes YouTube’s API, and as a user of Streamlabs, you are agreeing to be bound to YouTube’s Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
You can find more information on YouTube’s terms here, and Google’s terms here.
 CREDIT CARD TERMS  Streamlabs utilizes third party service Stripe and Braintree to process credit cards.
By agreeing to Streamlabs’ Terms of Service, you are also agreeing to Stripe’s Terms of Service, located at https://stripe.com/us/terms.

 In the event a Chargeback is issued, you are immediately liable for the full amount of the transaction related to the Chargeback.
You are also liable for any associated fees, fines, expenses, or penalties.
You agree that any associated fees, fines, or expenses will be deducted from your Streamlabs or Campaign balance.

 At any point our payment processors determine you are incurring excessive Chargebacks, your Streamlabs account may results in additional controls and restrictions on your balance.
 CREATOR SITES TERMS FOR CREATORS Your Content  When you upload content to Creator Sites, you still own it.
You do, however, give us permission to use it in ways necessary to provide, improve, promote and protect our services.
For example, when you upload a photo, you give us the right to save it and display it on your site at your direction.
We also may promote or feature your site, but you can opt out if you don’t want us to do that.
 Your User Content Stays Yours.
 Users of the Services (whether you or others) may provide us with content, including without limitation text, photos, images, audio, video, code and any other materials (“User Content").
Your User Content stays yours, except for the limited rights that enable us to provide, improve, promote and protect the Services as described in this Agreement.
 Your License To Us.
 When you provide User Content via the Services, you grant Creator Sites (including our third party hosting providers acting on our behalf) a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, sublicensable, transferable right and license to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, create derivative works of (such as those resulting from translations, adaptations or other changes we make so that User Content works better with the Services), communicate, publish, publicly display, publicly perform and distribute User Content for the limited purposes of allowing us to provide, improve, promote and protect the Services.
This Section does not affect any rights you may have under applicable data protection laws.
 Featuring Your Site.
 We may choose to feature sites you use the Services to create or publish (“Your Sites”) or names, trademarks, service marks or logos included on Your Sites.
You grant us a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive right and license to use any version of Your Sites, or any portion of Your Sites, including without limitation names, trademarks, service marks or logos on Your Sites, for the limited purpose of Creator Sites marketing and promotional activities.
For example, we may feature Your Sites on our Templates page, on the Customers sections of our sites or on our social media accounts.
You waive any claims against us relating to any moral rights, artists’ rights or any other similar rights worldwide that you may have in or to Your Sites or names, trademarks, service marks or logos on Your Sites and any right of inspection or approval of any such use.
You can opt out of being featured through your Account.
This Section does not affect any rights you may have under applicable data protection laws.
 Your Responsibilities  You’re responsible for the content you publish on Creator Sites, and you vouch to us that it’s all okay to use.
We ask that you follow our rules and don’t do anything illegal with the services.
Also keep in mind that what you upload may be publicly viewable.
 Only Use Content You’re Allowed To Use.
 You represent and warrant that you own all rights to your User Content or otherwise have (and will continue to have) all rights and permissions to legally use, share, display, transfer and license your User Content via the Services and in the manner required by this Agreement.
If we use your User Content in the ways described in this Agreement, you represent and warrant that such use will not infringe or violate the rights of any third party, including without limitation any copyrights, trademarks, privacy rights, publicity rights, contract rights, trade secrets or any other intellectual property or proprietary rights.
Also, content on the Services may be protected by others' intellectual property, trade secret or other rights.
Please don't copy, upload, download or share content unless you have the right to do so.
 Our Intellectual Property  Creator Sites is protected by various intellectual property laws.
This section summarizes what we own and how we share.
 Creator Sites Owns Creator Sites  The Services are protected by copyright, trademark and other US and foreign laws.
This Agreement doesn't grant you any right, title or interest in the Services, others’ User Content, our trademarks, logos or other brand features or intellectual property or trade secrets or others’ content in the Services.
You agree not to change, translate or otherwise create derivative works of the Services or others’ User Content.
 Our Demo Content  We may provide templates or other products featuring demo content, including without limitation text, photos, images, graphics, audio and video (“Demo Content”), to provide you with ideas or inspiration.
Unless we tell you otherwise, Demo Content (or any portion of it) may not remain on Your Site or be distributed, publicly displayed, publicly performed or otherwise published.
 Our Betas Are Still In Beta  We may release products and features that we’re still testing and evaluating.
Those Services will be marked as beta, preview or early access (or a similar phrasing), and may not be as reliable as our other Services.
 Our Rights  To operate effectively and protect the security and integrity of Creator Sites, we need to maintain control over what happens on our services.

 We reserve these rights, which we may exercise at any time and in our sole discretion, and without liability or notice to you (except where prohibited by applicable law): (a) we may change parts or all of the Services and their functionality.
(b) we may suspend or discontinue parts or all of the Services.
(c) we may terminate, suspend, restrict or disable your access to or use of parts or all of the Services.
(d) we may terminate, suspend, restrict or disable access to your Account or parts, some or all of Your Sites.
and (e) we may change our eligibility criteria to use the Services (and if such eligibility criteria changes are prohibited by law where you live, we may revoke your right to use the Services in that jurisdiction).
 How We Handle Ownership Disputes  Sometimes, ownership of an Account or site is disputed between parties, such as a business and its employees, or a web designer and a client.
We try not to get involved in these disputes.
However, we reserve the right, at any time and in our sole discretion, and without notice to you, to determine rightful Account or site ownership and to transfer an Account or site to such owner.
Our decision in that respect is final.
If we feel that we can’t reasonably determine the rightful owner, we reserve the right to suspend an Account or site until the disputing parties reach a resolution.
We also may request documentation, such as a government-issued photo ID, credit card invoice or business license, to help determine the rightful owner.
 HTTPS Encryption  We may offer HTTPS encryption for Your Sites.
By registering a custom domain via the Services, or pointing a custom domain to the Services, you authorize us to create and maintain a certificate for the limited purpose of providing HTTPS for Your Sites.
 Copyright  We comply with copyright law, and respond to complaints about copyright infringement in accordance with our Copyright Policy.
We respect the intellectual property of others and ask that you do too.
We respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement if they comply with the law, and such notices should be reported via the process described in our Copyright Policy, which is incorporated by reference into this Agreement.
We reserve the right to delete or disable content alleged to be infringing, and to terminate Accounts of repeat infringers without any refunds.
 Paid Services And Fees  Certain Services are paid services.
This section explains how we handle payments for those paid services.
For certain paid services, such as domain registrations and site subscriptions, we’ll automatically bill you in regular intervals (such as monthly or annually) unless you cancel your subscription.
You can do that anytime through our customer support or by emailing support@streamlabs.com  Fees  You can access certain portions of the Services by submitting a fee payment (such additional services, “Paid Services”).
Paid Services will remain in effect until cancelled or terminated in accordance with this Agreement.
We’ll tell you about fees for Paid Services before charging you.
You may cancel Paid Services at any time via the Services.
If you don't pay for Paid Services on time, we reserve the right to suspend or cancel your access to the Paid Services.
Transaction fees and additional fees may also apply to certain portions of the Services, and we’ll tell you about those fees before charging you.
 Taxes  All fees are exclusive of applicable national, provincial, state, local or other taxes (“Taxes”), unless explicitly stated otherwise.
You're responsible for all applicable Taxes, and we'll charge Taxes in addition to the fees for the Services when required to do so.
If you're exempt from Taxes, you must provide us with valid tax exemption documentation.
We reserve the right to determine if the documentation provided is valid.
Tax exemption will, provided we’re satisfied it’s valid and applicable, only apply from and after the date we receive such documentation.
If Creator Sites has a legal obligation to pay or collect indirect Taxes (such as value-added tax or goods and services tax) on the sale to you under the laws of your country (where you are established, have a permanent address or usually reside), you shall be liable for payment of any such indirect Taxes.
Where Creator Sites does not have a legal obligation to pay or collect indirect Taxes on a sale of Paid Services to you, you may be required to self-assess those Taxes under the applicable laws of your country (where you are established, have a permanent address or usually resides).
 Automatic Subscription Renewals  To ensure uninterrupted service, we'll automatically bill you for certain Paid Services from the date you submit your initial payment and on each renewal period afterwards until cancellation.
Your renewal period will be equal in time to the renewal period of your current subscription.
For example, if you're on an annual subscription plan, each billable renewal period will be for one (1) year.
We’ll automatically charge you the applicable amount using the payment method you have on file with us.
We’ll let you know in advance if you’re purchasing a Paid Service that includes auto-renewal payments.
You can disable auto-renewal at any time via the Services or emailing customer support at support@streamlabs.com  Refunds  While you may cancel any Paid Services at any time, you won't be issued a refund except if requested within 1 hour of purchase and no paid features have been used.
Paid features include, but are not limited to Creator Sites, Domains, Themes, and Apps.
 Fee Changes  We may change our fees at any time.
We’ll provide you with advance notice of these fee changes via the Services.
New fees will not apply retroactively.
If you don't agree with the fee changes, you have the right to reject the change by canceling the applicable Paid Service before your next payment date.
 Chargebacks  If you contact your bank or credit card company to decline, chargeback or otherwise reverse the charge of any payable fees to us (“Chargeback”), we may automatically terminate your Account.
If you have questions about a payment made to us, we encourage you to contact customer support via the Services or by emailing support@streamlabs.com before filing a Chargeback.
We reserve our right to dispute any Chargeback.
 Our Payment Processor  We use a third party payment processor (the “Payment Processor”) to bill you through a payment account linked to your Account.
The processing of payments will be subject to the terms, conditions and privacy policies of the Payment Processor, in addition to this Agreement.
Our current Payment Processor is Braintree, and your payments are processed by Braintree in accordance with Braintree’s terms of service and privacy policy.
You agree to pay us, through the Payment Processor, all charges at the prices then in effect for any purchase in accordance with the applicable payment terms.
You agree to make the payment using the payment method you provide with your Account.
We reserve the right to correct, or to instruct our Payment Processor to correct any errors or mistakes, even if payment has already been requested or received.
 Fees For Third Party Services  Third Party Services purchased via the Services may be subject to different refund policies that those Third Party Services determine, and they may be non-refundable.
The purchase terms and conditions for such Third Party Services may be displayed during the purchase process, such as through a link to the purchase terms and conditions.
It's your responsibility to verify your ability to purchase, cancel or obtain a refund for a Third Party Service.
Unless otherwise stated in this Agreement, we don’t offer refunds for purchases of Third Party Services.
 Domains  This section explains how we provide our domain services.
Your domain registrations are also subject to agreements with third parties, including ICANN and our third party registrar partners.
We work with third party registrars to provide you with domain services.
When you register a domain name, or renew or transfer an existing domain name, via the Services, you are bound by the relevant registrar’s terms and conditions.
Registrars are a Third Party Service, as defined below.
Currently, the registrar for the services on Creator Sites is Namecheap, and by accepting these Terms, you also agree to be bound by Namecheap’s Terms located here and their Domain Terms located here.
In the future, we reserve the right to transfer the domains to another domain registrar, or add additional domain registrars.
This information will be made available to users.
Should you have any questions about domains, or your domain, please email support@streamlabs.com  Email Hosting  Creator Sites offers email hosting services.
Should you opt-in to these services, we utilize a third party email hosting service, Mailgun to facilitate the forwarding and outbounding of emails through an smtp server, to the email indicated at signup.
You agree to be bound by the terms of Mailgun located here and the Mailgun privacy policy located here.
The Creator Sites Services does not store or maintain copies of emails or content on our site or servers.
 ICANN  Your use of our domain services is subject to the policies, including without limitation the dispute resolution policies, of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (“ICANN”).
Your rights and responsibilities as a domain name registrant under ICANN’s 2009 Registrar Accreditation Agreement are summarized here.
You can learn more about domain name registration in general here.
Country code top level domain names may not be subject to ICANN policies.
In such cases, the applicable policies are set forth in the Namecheap Terms.
 Transfers, Renewals And No Refunds  Due to the complex nature of third party domain registrars, domain transfer requests must be made manually to support@streamlabs.com.
Domain transfers are not eligible for refunds.
For renewals, we or our registrar will try to provide you with notice before your scheduled domain renewal date.
However, you agree that renewing your domain is solely your responsibility.
We don't offer refunds for domain renewals.
 Streamlabs MERCH USER CONTENT  You grant Streamlabs a license to use the User Content and materials you post to the Site.
By posting, downloading, displaying, performing, transmitting, or otherwise distributing User Content to the Site, you are granting Streamlabs, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, and representatives a license to use User Content in connection with the operation of the Internet business of Streamlabs, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, and representatives, including without limitation, a right to copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate, and reformat User Content.
You agree that Streamlabs may publish or otherwise disclose your name in connection with your User Content.
By posting User Content on the Site, you warrant and represent that you own the rights to the User Content or are otherwise authorized to post, distribute, display, perform, transmit, or otherwise distribute User Content.
 COMPLIANCE WITH INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LAWS  When accessing or using the Site, you agree to obey the law and to respect the intellectual property rights of others.
Your use of the Site is at all times governed by and subject to laws regarding copyright, trademark, patent, and trade secret ownership and use of intellectual property.
You agree not to upload, download, display, perform, transmit, or otherwise distribute any information or Content in violation of any party's copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets, or other intellectual property or proprietary rights.
You agree to abide by laws regarding copyright, trademark, patent, and trade secret ownership and use of intellectual property, and you shall be solely responsible for any violations of any laws and for any infringements of any intellectual property rights caused by any Content you provide, post, or transmit, or that is provided or transmitted using your user name or user ID.
The burden of proving that any Content does not violate any laws or intellectual property rights rests solely with you.
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OWNERSHIP  All Streamlabs Content included on the Site and Service, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio and/or video media, digital downloads, data compilations, and Software, is the property of Streamlabs and is protected by U.S.
and international intellectual property laws.
The compilation of all content on this Site is the exclusive property of Streamlabs and protected by U.S.
and international copyright laws.
All software used on this site is the property of Streamlabs or its software suppliers and protected by United States and international intellectual property laws.
You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Streamlabs and our affiliates without express written consent.
You may not use any meta-tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing Streamlabs name or trademarks without the express written consent of Streamlabs.
You may not use any direct linking or source-calling of any media presented on this website.
 INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS  Streamlabs has in place certain legally mandated procedures regarding allegations of copyright and other forms of intellectual property infringement occurring on the Site.
Streamlabs's policy is to investigate any allegations of intellectual property infringement brought to its attention.
If you have evidence, know, or have a good faith belief that your rights or the rights of a third party have been violated and you want Streamlabs to delete, edit, or disable the material in question, you must provide Streamlabs with all of the following information: (a) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
(b) identification of the subject work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple works are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works.
(c) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringed or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit Streamlabs to locate the material.
(d) information reasonably sufficient to permit Streamlabs to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and if available, an electronic mail address at which you may be contacted.
(e) a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
and (f) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
For this notification to be effective, you must provide it to Streamlabs's designated agent at: ATTN Legal 580 Market Street, 4th Fl, San Francisco, CA 94104  PROHIBITED CONTENT  You shall not make the following types of Content available.
You agree not to upload, download, display, perform, transmit, or otherwise distribute any Content that: 

 is libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, abusive, or threatening, or that you know is false or misleading.

 advocates or encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or foreign law or regulation.

 is patently offensive or promotes or otherwise incites racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual.

harasses or advocates harassment of another person;
exploits people in a sexual or violent manner;
 contains nudity, excessive violence, or offensive subject matter or contains a link to an adult website.

solicits or is designed to solicit personal information from or about any minor;
contains information that poses or creates a privacy or security risk to any person;
 constitutes or promotes an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person's copyrighted work, such as providing pirated computer programs or links to them, providing information to circumvent manufacturer-installed copy-protect devices, or providing pirated music or links to pirated music files.

 involves the transmission of "junk mail," "chain letters," or unsolicited mass mailing, instant messaging, "spimming," or "spamming".

 contains restricted or password only access pages or hidden pages or images (those not linked to or from another accessible page).

 solicits or is designed to solicit passwords or personal identifying information from other Users.

 involves commercial activities and/or sales without prior written consent from Streamlabs.

 includes a photograph or video of another person that you have posted without that person's consent.
or 
 violates or attempts to violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, intellectual property rights, contract rights, or any other rights of any person.


 Streamlabs reserves the right to terminate your receipt, transmission, or other distribution of any such material using the Site or Service, and, if applicable, to delete any such material from its servers.
Streamlabs intends to cooperate fully with any law enforcement officials or agencies in the investigation of any violation of these Terms of Use or of any applicable laws.
 CHANNEL INITIATED BILLING  Streamlabs utilizes PayPal’s Channel Initiated Billing, to process Merch payments.
Should you choose to opt-in to Channel Initiated Billing, you agree to be bound to PayPal’s Terms and Privacy Policy.
 PROHIBITED CONDUCT  You are also prohibited from engaging in the following activities, or assisting others in engaging in the following activities, in using the Site or Services: 

 threatening, stalking, defrauding another person, or inciting, harassing, or advocating the harassment of another person, or otherwise interfering with another user's use of the Site.

 using the Site in a manner that may create a conflict of interest, such as trading reviews with other business owners or writing or soliciting shill reviews.

using the Site to promote bigotry or discrimination;
 using the Site to solicit personal information from minors or to harm or threaten to cause harm to minors.

 using the site for commercial or promotional purposes, advertising or otherwise solicits funds or is a solicitation for goods or services, displaying an unauthorized commercial advertisement, or accepting payment or anything of value from a third person in exchange for your performing any commercial activity through the unauthorized or impermissible use of the Site or Service on behalf of that person, such as placing commercial content in a product review, placing links to e-commerce sites not authorized by Streamlabs in a product review, placing links to blogs or forums with a commercial purpose, or otherwise attempting to post messages or advertisements with a commercial purpose.

 engaging in criminal or tortious activity, including, but not limited to, fraud, harassment, defamation, stalking, spamming, spimming, sending of viruses or other harmful files, copyright infringement, or theft of trade secrets.

 accessing content or data not intended for you, or logging onto a server or account that you are not authorized to access.

 attempting to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of the Site or any associated system or network, or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization, including circumventing or modifying, attempting to circumvent or modify, or encouraging or assisting any other person in circumventing or modifying any security technology or software that is part of the Site or Service.

 interfering or attempting to interfere with service to any User, host, or network, including, without limitation, by means of submitting a virus to the Site, overloading, "flooding," "spamming," "mail bombing," or "crashing;" 
 using the Site to send unsolicited e-mails, including, without limitation, promotions, or advertisements for products or services.

 forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or in any posting.

 attempting to modify, reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise reduce or attempt to reduce to a human-perceivable form any of the source code used by Streamlabs in providing the Site.

 using the Site for keyword spamming or to otherwise attempt to manipulate natural search results.
recording, processing, or mining information about other users.

 using any viruses, bots, worms, or any other computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware, or otherwise permit the unauthorized use of or access to a computer or a computer network, or using any other automated system in order to harvest e-mail addresses or other data from the Site or Service for the purposes of sending unsolicited or unauthorized material.

 modifying, copying, distributing, downloading, scraping or transmitting in any form or by any means, in whole or in part, any Content from the Streamlabs Services other than your User Content which you legally post on, through or in connection with your use of the Site.

 providing or using "tracking" or monitoring functionality in connection with the Site or Service, including, without limitation, to identify other Users' views, actions or other activities on the Site.

 interfering with, disrupting, or creating an undue burden on the Streamlabs's Site or the networks or services connected to the Streamlabs's Site.

 impersonating or attempting to impersonate Streamlabs or a Streamlabs employee, administrator or moderator, another User, or person or entity (including, without limitation, the use of e-mail addresses associated with or of any of the foregoing).

 using or distributing any information obtained from the Streamlabs's Site in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person or entity, or attempting to do the same.

 using invalid or forged headers to disguise the origin of any Content transmitted to or through Streamlabs's computer systems, or otherwise misrepresenting yourself or the source of any message or Content.

 engaging in, either directly or indirectly, or encouraging others to engage in, click-throughs generated through any manner that could be reasonably interpreted as coercive, incentivized, misleading, malicious, or otherwise fraudulent.
or 
 using the Site in a manner inconsistent with any and all applicable laws and regulations.

 ACCURACY OF BILLING AND ACCOUNT INFORMATION  You agree to provide current, complete, and accurate purchase and account information for all transactions occurring on our Service.
You agree to promptly update your account and other information so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed.
 TAXES  You are responsible to determine if any taxes apply to the tips sent or received using our Service.
You are responsible for any taxes applicable to earnings through the OpenAds platform.

 Publishers will be prompted to fill out a W9 upon account creation.
This W9 will be used for issuance of IRS Tax Form 1099 for U.S.
residences that earn over $600 in a calendar year.

 It is your responsibility to correctly collect and report taxes to your local tax authority.
We are not responsible for taxes arising from any transactions sent through this Service.
 OPTIONAL TOOLS  We may provide you with access to third-party tools of which we neither monitor nor have control over.

 You acknowledge and agree that we provide access to such tools “as is” and “as available” without any warranties, representations or conditions of any kind and without any endorsement.
We shall have no liability whatsoever arising from or relating to your use of optional third-party tools.

 Any use by you of optional tools offered through the site is entirely at your own risk and discretion and you should ensure that you are familiar with and approve of the terms on which tools are provided by the relevant third-party provider(s).

 We may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the website (including, the release of new tools and resources).
Such new features and/or services shall also be subject to these Terms of Service.
 THIRD-PARTY LINKS  Certain content and services available via our Service may include materials from third-parties.

 Third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with us.
We are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third-parties.

 We are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions made in connection with any third-party websites.
Please review carefully the third-party's policies and practices and make sure you understand them before you engage in any transaction.
Complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should be directed to the third-party.
 USER COMMENTS, FEEDBACK AND OTHER SUBMISSIONS  If, at our request, you send certain specific submissions (for example contest entries) or without a request from us you send creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, 'comments'), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any comments that you forward to us.
We are and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any comments in confidence.
(2) to pay compensation for any comments.
or (3) to respond to any comments.

 We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms of Service.

 You agree that your comments will not violate any right of any third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality or other personal or proprietary right.
You further agree that your comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Service or any related website.
You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the origin of any comments.
You are solely responsible for any comments you make and their accuracy.
We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments posted by you or any third-party.
 PERSONAL INFORMATION  Your submission of personal information through the service is governed by our Privacy Policy, which is available on our Privacy Policy.
 ERRORS, INACCURACIES AND OMISSIONS  Occasionally there may be information on our site or in the Service that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, and availability.
We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or on any related website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order).

 We undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information in the Service or on any related website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law.
No specified update or refresh date applied in the Service or on any related website, should be taken to indicate that all information in the Service or on any related website has been modified or updated.
 PROHIBITED USES  In addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms of Service, you are prohibited from using the site or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose.
(b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts.
(c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances.
(d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others.
(e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability.
(f) to submit false or misleading information.
(g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet.
(h) to collect or track the personal information of others.
(i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape.
(j) for any obscene or immoral purpose.
or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet.
(l) for any campaign that you partake in as a publisher, we reserve the right to review the campaign, your content, your materials in connection with the campaign, and reserve the right to remove you from said campaign at our sole discretion.
(m) for viewbotting in connection to a Campaign, if we determine or assume that your account has taken part in viewbotting, whether by third parties our yourself, we reserve the right to ban your account and remove your earnings at our sole discretion.

 We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service, Campaign or any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses.
 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY  We do not guarantee, represent or warrant that your use of our service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free.

 We do not warrant that the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable.

 You agree that from time to time we may remove the service for indefinite periods of time or cancel the service at any time, without notice to you.

 You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the service is at your sole risk.
The service and all products and services delivered to you through the service are (except as expressly stated by us) provided 'as is' and 'as available' for your use, without any representation, warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, title, and non-infringement.

 In no case shall Streamlabs Inc., our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers or licensors be liable for any injury, loss, claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages of any kind, including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising from your use of any of the service or any products procured using the service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the service or any product, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the service or any content (or product) posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the service, even if advised of their possibility.
Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states or jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.
 INDEMNIFICATION  You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Streamlabs, Inc.
and our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, officers, directors, agents, contractors, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, suppliers, interns and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third-party due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms of Service or the documents they incorporate by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party.
 SEVERABILITY  In the event that any provision of these Terms of Service is determined to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms of Service, such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.
 TERMINATION  The obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of this agreement for all purposes.

 These Terms of Service are effective unless and until terminated by either you or us.
You may terminate these Terms of Service at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our Services, or when you cease using our site.

 If in our sole judgment you fail, or we suspect that you have failed, to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Service, we also may terminate this agreement at any time without notice and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination.
and/or accordingly may deny you access to our Services (or any part thereof).
 ENTIRE AGREEMENT  The failure of us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.

 These Terms of Service and any policies or operating rules posted by us on this site or in respect to The Service constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service).

 Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms of Service shall not be construed against the drafting party.
 CONTACT INFORMATION Questions about the Terms of Service should be sent to support@streamlabs.com. Intellectual Property Rights  The Content on the Websites, including without limitation, the text, software, scripts, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, interactive features and the like and the trademarks, service marks and logos contained therein (the "Intellectual Property"), are owned by or licensed to Streamlabs, subject to copyright and other intellectual property rights under United States and foreign laws and international conventions.
Content on the Websites is provided to you AS IS for your information and personal use only and may not be used, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any other purposes whatsoever without the prior written consent of the respective owners.
Streamlabs reserves all rights not expressly granted in and to the Websites and the Intellectual Property.
You agree to not engage in the use, copying, or distribution of any of the Intellectual Property other than expressly permitted herein.
If you download or print a copy of the Intellectual Property for personal use, you must retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained therein.
You agree not to circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security related features of the Websites or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any Intellectual Property or enforce limitations on use of the Websites or the Intellectual Property therein.

 Some of the Services may allow you to submit or transmit audio, video, text, or other materials (collectively, "User Submissions") to or through the Services.
When you provide User Submissions, you grant to Streamlabs, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, and partners a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, fully sub-licenseable license to use, distribute, edit, display, archive, publish, sublicense, perform, reproduce, make available, transmit, broadcast, sell, translate, and create derivative works of those User Submissions, and your name, voice, likeness and other identifying information where part of a User Submission, in any form, media, software, or technology of any kind now known or developed in the future, including, without limitation, for developing, manufacturing, and marketing products.
You hereby waive any moral rights you may have in your User Submissions.

 In addition, you agree that any User Submissions you submit shall not contain any material that is, in the sole and absolute discretion of Streamlabs, inappropriate, obscene, vulgar, unlawful, or otherwise objectionable (hereinafter, "Prohibited Content").
Posting of any Prohibited Content, in addition to any and all other rights and remedies available to Streamlabs, may result in account suspension or termination.

 We respect your ownership of User Submissions.
If you owned a User Submission before providing it to us, you will continue owning it after providing it to us, subject to any rights granted in the Terms of Use and any access granted to others.
If you delete a User Submission from the Services, our general license to that User Submission will end after a reasonable period of time required for the deletion to take full effect.
However, the User Submission may still exist in our backup copies, which are not publicly available.
If your User Submission is shared with third parties, those third parties may have retained copies of your User Submissions.
In addition, if we made use of your User Submission before you deleted it, we will continue to have the right to make, duplicate, redistribute, and sublicense those pre-existing uses, even after you delete the User Submission.
Terminating your account on a Service will not automatically delete your User Submissions.

 We may refuse or remove a User Submission without notice to you.
However, we have no obligation to monitor User Submissions, and you agree that neither we nor our parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, employees, or agents will be liable for User Submissions or any loss or damage resulting from User Submissions.

 Except as provided in the Privacy Policy, we do not guarantee that User Submissions will be private, even if the User Submission is in a password-protected area.
Accordingly, you should not provide User Submissions that you want protected from others.

 You represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary to grant to Streamlabs the license above and that none of your User Submissions are defamatory, violate any rights of third parties (including intellectual property rights or rights of publicity or privacy), or violate applicable law.
 Digital Millennium Copyright Act  The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under U.S.
copyright law.
If you believe in good faith that materials on the Websites infringe your copyright, you (or your agent) may send us a notice requesting that the material be removed or access to it blocked.
Please see the following requirements and specific instructions for submitting a notice to Streamlabs.

 Notification: If you believe that your copyright-protected work has been copied and posted on the Websites in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, then please contact Streamlabs’s DMCA Agent with the following information (please consult your attorney to better understand your rights and obligations under Section 512(c) of the Copyright Act and other laws): 

 Reasonably sufficient details to enable us to identify the work claimed to be infringed or, if multiple works are claimed to be infringed, a representative list of such works (for example: title, author, any registration or tracking number, URL).

 Reasonably sufficient detail to enable us to identify and locate the material that is claimed to be infringing (for example a link to the page that contains the material).

 Your contact information so that we can contact you (for example, your address, telephone number, email address).

 A statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the material identified in sub-section ii above is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

 A written statement, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that is alleged to be infringed.

Your physical or electronic signature.

Please send this written notice to our designated agent at the following address:
 Streamlabs 580 Market Street #401 San Francisco CA 94104 Email: support@streamlabs.com 
 Counter-Notification: If material that you have posted to the Websites has been taken down, you may file a counter-notification that contains the following details: 

 Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or disabled.

 A statement, under penalty of perjury, that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material in question.

Your name, address and telephone number;
 A statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for judicial district in which your address is located or, if your address is outside of the USA, for any judicial district in which Streamlabs, may be found and that you will accept service of process from the person who submitted a notice in compliance with the section (c)(1)(C) of the DMCA, as generally described above.

Your physical or electronic signature.

Please send this written notice to our designated agent as follows:
 DMCA Agent General Workings Inc.
dba Streamlabs 580 Market Street 4th Fl San Francisco CA 94104 Email: support@streamlabs.com 
 Please note that under Section 512(f) of the Copyright Act, any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity is infringing, or that the material or activity was removed or disabled by mistake may be subject to liability.
Please also be advised that we enforce a policy of terminating the accounts of repeat infringers.
A repeat infringer includes any user who has made two or more postings for which we receive a notice of infringement under this DMCA Notice and Takedown Procedure.

 Streamlabs’s DMCA Agent for Notice of claims of copyright infringement should be contacted only for the purposes set forth above.
ALL OTHER INQUIRIES DIRECTED TO Streamlabs ’S DMCA AGENT WILL NOT BE ANSWERED.
MISUSE OF THE DMCA CAN SUBJECT YOU TO LIABILITY.
 Disputes - ARBITRATION  Before bringing a formal legal case, please first try contacting our Customer Support team.
Most disputes can be resolved that way.

 To the extent permitted under applicable law, any and all disputes, claims or controversies arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the breach thereof, or any use of the Websites (including all commercial transactions conducted through the Website) ("Claims"), except for claims filed in a small claims court that proceed on an individual (non-class, non-representative) basis, shall be settled by binding arbitration before a single arbitrator appointed by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") in accordance with its then governing rules and procedures, including the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes, where applicable.
In agreeing to arbitrate all Claims, you and Streamlabs waive all rights to a trial by jury in any action or proceeding involving any Claim.
The arbitration shall be held in San Francisco, California, and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered by any court having jurisdiction thereof.
This arbitration undertaking is made pursuant to and in connection with a transaction involving interstate commerce, and shall be governed by and construed and interpreted in accordance with the Federal Arbitration Act at 9 U.S.C.
Section 1, et seq.
This arbitration provision shall survive termination of this Agreement.
Subject to the limitations set forth below, the arbitrator shall have authority to award legal and equitable relief available in the courts of the State of California, provided that: 

The arbitrator shall not have authority to award punitive damages.
and
 Any and all claims shall be arbitrated on an individual basis only, and shall not be consolidated or joined with or in any arbitration or other proceeding involving a Claim of any other party.
You and Streamlabs agree that the arbitrator shall have no authority to arbitrate any Claim as a class action or in any other form other than on an individual basis.

 For any Claims that are not subject to arbitration: (a) the exclusive jurisdiction and venue for proceedings involving Claims shall be the courts of competent jurisdiction sitting within San Francisco County, California (the "Forum"), and the parties hereby waive any argument that any such court does not have personal jurisdiction or that the Forum is not appropriate or convenient.
(b) you and Streamlabs waive any and all rights to trial by jury with respect to any Claims.

 In the event that either party initiates a proceeding involving any Claim other than an arbitration in accordance with this Section, or initiates a proceeding involving a Claim under this Section other than in the Forum, the other party shall recover all attorneys' fees and expenses reasonably incurred in enforcing this Agreement to arbitrate and the Forum to which the parties have herein agreed.


 NO CLASS ACTIONS.
We all agree that we can only bring a claim against each other on an individual basis.
That means: (a) neither you nor Streamlabs can bring a claim as a plaintiff or class member in a class action, consolidated action or representative action.
(b) an arbitrator cannot combine more than one person’s claim into a single case, and cannot preside over any consolidated, class or representative arbitration proceeding (unless we both agree to change this).
(c) an arbitrator’s decision or award in one person’s case can only impact the person who brought the claim, not other Streamlabs users, and cannot be used to decide other disputes with other users.
If a court decides that this subsection on "No Class Actions" is not enforceable or valid, then the entire section covering Disputes will be null and void, but, the rest of the terms of these Terms of Use will still apply.
 Miscellaneous  These Terms of Use shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of California, without respect to its conflict of laws principles.
Any claim or dispute between you and Streamlabs that arises in whole or in part from the Terms of Use, the Websites or any Contest shall be decided exclusively by a court of competent jurisdiction located in San Francisco County, California.

 Nothing in the Terms of Use shall create or confer any rights or other benefits in favor of any third parties except as specifically provided herein.
By participating in any Contest on the Websites, you agree to indemnify, protect, defend and hold harmless Streamlabs, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates and divisions, and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives, from and against any and all third party claims, liabilities, losses, damages, injuries, demands, actions, causes of action, suits, proceedings, judgments and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, court costs and other legal expenses including, without limitation, those costs incurred at the trial and appellate levels and in any bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency or other similar proceedings, and any other legal expenses (collectively, "Claims") arising from or connected with your use of the Websites, any payment methods used, any funding of your account, and/or your participation in any Contest.
The Websites may contain links to third party websites that are not owned or controlled by Streamlabs.
Streamlabs has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party websites.
In addition, Streamlabs will not and cannot censor or edit the content of any third-party site.
By using the Websites, you expressly relieve Streamlabs from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website.
Accordingly, we encourage you to be aware when you leave the Websites and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each other website that you visit.

 Nothing in the Terms of Use shall create or be deemed to create a partnership, agency, trust arrangement, fiduciary relationship or joint venture between you and Streamlabs.

 No professional or amateur sports league or any team associated with any professional or amateur sports league is associated with Streamlabs or in any way affiliated or associated with the Contests.

 Third-party online publishers that refer users to the Streamlabs website shall not be responsible or liable for the Streamlabs website or any of the content, software, or functions made available on, or accessed through, or sent from, the Streamlabs website.

 If any provision of these Terms of Use is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use, which shall remain in full force and effect.

 No waiver of any term of these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and Streamlabs' failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.

 Streamlabs reserves the right to amend these Terms of Use at any time and without notice, and it is your responsibility to review these Terms of Use for any changes.
If you continue to use the Services after we change the Terms of Use, you accept all changes.
The failure of Streamlabs to comply with any provision of these Terms of Use due to an act of God, hurricane, war, fire, riot, earthquake, terrorism, act of public enemies, actions of governmental authorities outside of the control of the Company (excepting compliance with applicable codes and regulations) or other force majeure event will not be considered a breach of these Terms of Use.

 Notice for California Users: Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California Websites users are entitled to the following specific consumer rights notice: The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 400 R Street, Suite 1080, Sacramento, California, 95814, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210 
 Streamlabs AND OTHER TRADEMARKS CONTAINED ON THE WEBSITES ARE TRADEMARKS OR REGISTERED TRADEMARKS OF Streamlabs IN THE UNITED STATES AND/OR OTHER COUNTRIES.
THIRD-PARTY TRADEMARKS, TRADE NAMES, PRODUCT NAMES AND LOGOS MAY BE THE TRADEMARKS OR REGISTERED TRADEMARKS OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OWNERS.
YOU MAY NOT REMOVE OR ALTER ANY TRADEMARK, TRADE NAMES, PRODUCT NAMES, LOGO, COPYRIGHT OR OTHER PROPRIETARY NOTICES, LEGENDS, SYMBOLS OR LABELS ON THE WEBSITES.

All-in-one live streaming software





















 Streamlabs 
 Prime About Content Hub Terms Contact Privacy Contribute Web API App Store GitHub Careers Community All-Stars Support Articles Discord Melon University Foundations Community Revenue Growth Resources Content Hub

Streaming 
Getting Started
Growing your audience
Hardware
Monetization
Mobile
Charity
Gaming
Live Events


Platforms 
Twitch
YouTube
Facebook


Streamlabs OBS 
Setup
Stream Overlays
App Store
Widgets
Other


Tools 
Stream Overlays
Mobile app
Tips
Cloudbot
App Store
Prime
Merch
Charity
Other tools


Widgets 
Alert Box
Event List
Chat Box
Stream Labels
Other Widgets
 © Logitech International S.A.
All Rights Reserved.
Made with 
 from around the globe.
Privacy Preference Center
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Analytics Cookies
Functional Cookies
Marketing Cookies
Your PrivacyWhen you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies.
This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to.
The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience.
Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies.
Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings.
However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
View our Cookie PolicyStrictly Necessary CookiesAlways ActiveThese cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems.
They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.
You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.
These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.Analytics Cookies Analytics Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site.
They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation.
They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.
If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.Marketing Cookies Marketing Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners.
They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.
They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device.
If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.Back Button Back
Vendor Search Filter ButtonConsent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelClear checkbox label labelApply CancelConfirm My Choices Allow AllBy clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
View our Cookie PolicyAccept All Cookies Reject AllCookies Settings
      