
         This site uses cookies to provide you with great user experience.
By using StreamElements you accept our use of use of cookies.AcceptFeatures
Learn
Company Brands Login  Cookies Policy  This Cookies Policy governs the use of cookies and other tracking technologies.
In this Cookies Policy, we use the term StreamElements ('we', 'us' and 'our') to refer to Live Momentum Ltd.
and StreamElements Inc.
We use cookies and similar files or technologies to automatically collect and store information about your computer, device, and Site usage, in order to improve their performance and enhance your user experience.
We use the general term 'cookies' in this policy to refer to these technologies and all such similar technologies that collect information automatically when you are using our Site where this policy is posted.
You can find out more about cookies and how to control them in the information below.


 What is a cookie?

Cookies are computer files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website.
Cookies can then be sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognizes that cookie.
Cookies are widely used in order to make websites work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improving the user experience.
Cookies may tell us, for example, whether you have visited our Site before or whether you are a new visitor.
There are two broad categories of cookies:

 First party cookies, served directly by us to your computer or mobile device.

 Third party cookies, which are served by a third party on our behalf.
We use third party cookies for functionality, performance, analytics, and social media purposes.
Cookies can remain on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time.
Some cookies are 'session cookies', meaning that they exist only while your browser is open.
These are deleted automatically once you close your browser.
Other cookies are 'permanent cookies', meaning that they survive after your browser is closed.
They can be used by websites to recognize your computer when you open your browser and browse the Internet again.

Web beacons

Cookies are not the only way to recognize or track visitors to a website.
We may use other, similar technologies from time to time, like web beacons (sometimes called 'tracking pixels' or 'clear gifs').
These are small graphics files that contain a unique identifier that enable us to recognize when someone has visited our website.
This allows us, for example, to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page within our website to another, to deliver or communicate with cookies, to understand whether you have come to our website from an online advertisement displayed on a third party website, to improve website performance and to measure the success of email marketing campaigns.
In most instances, these technologies are reliant on cookies to function, and therefore declining cookies prevents them from functioning.
If you don't want your cookie information to be associated with your visits to these pages, you can set your browser to turn off cookies as described further below.
If you turn off cookies, web beacon and other technologies will still detect your visits to our Site.
however, they will not be associated with information otherwise stored in cookies.

Targeted advertising

Third parties may drop cookies on your computer or mobile device to serve advertising through our website.
These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide relevant advertisements about goods and services that you may be interested in.
They may also employ technology that is used to measure the effectiveness of advertisements.
The information collected through this process does not enable us or them to identify your name, contact details or other personally identifying details unless you choose to provide these to us.

How do we use cookies?

We use cookies to:
track traffic flow and patterns of travel in connection with our Site;
understand the total number of visitors to our sites on an ongoing basis and the types of internet browsers (e.g.
Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Internet Explorer) and operating systems (e.g.
Windows or Mac) used by our visitors.

monitor the performance of our Site and to continually improve it.
and
customize and enhance your online experience.

What types of cookies do we use?

The types of cookies used by us in connection with the Site can be considered 'necessary cookies', 'preferences cookies', 'statistics cookies' and ‘marketing cookies’.

1.
Necessary Cookies

These cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website.
The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Cookies name
Source
Expiry
PurposeSe-tokenstreamelements.com2 weeksAuthentication
2.
Preferences Cookies

These cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
Cookies name
Source
Expiry
PurposeCloudflareCloudflareYearRouting
3.
Statistics Cookies

These cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Cookies name
Source
Expiry
PurposeHeapHeapYearsBIIntercomIntercomYearCommunication with users
4.
Marketing Cookies

Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites.
The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.

How to control or delete cookies

Most browsers allow you to change your cookie settings.
These settings will typically be found in the “options” or “preferences” menu of your browser.
In order to understand these settings and learn how to use them, please consult the “Help” function of your browser, or the documentation published online for your particular browser type and version.
However, please note that if you choose to refuse cookies you may not be able to use the full functionality of our Site.
The following pages have information on how to change your cookies settings for the different browsers:
 Cookie settings in Chrome 
 Cookie settings in Firefox 
 Cookie settings in Internet Explorer 
 Cookie settings in Safari and iOS 

Third Party Websites Cookies

When using our website, you may be directed to other websites for such activities as surveys, to make payment in currency other than U.S.
dollars, or for job applications.
These websites may use their own 
cookies.
We do not have control over the placement of cookies by other websites you visit, even if you are directed to them from our website.
cookies.
We do not have control over the placement of cookies by other websites you visit, even if you are directed to them from our website.
 https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy 
 http://twitter.com/privacy 
 http://www.google.com/intl/en-GB/policies/privacy 

Need More Information?

If you would like to find out more about cookies and their use on the Internet, you may find the following link useful:
 Al about Cookies 

Cookies that have been set in the past

If you have disabled one or more Cookies, we may still use information collected from cookies prior to your disabled preference being set, however, we will stop using the disabled cookie to collect any further information.


Contact us

If you have any questions or comments about this Cookies Policy, or privacy matters generally, please contact us via email at Reem@streamelements.com Crafted with by StreamElements © All rights reserved - Copyright - Contact us - Terms of Service - Privacy Policy - Cookies PolicyJoin us
Help
