
         This site uses cookies to provide you with great user experience.
By using StreamElements you accept our use of use of cookies.AcceptFeatures
Learn
Company Brands Login StreamElements Copyright Policy

Removal of Content.
It is the policy of StreamElements, Inc., Live Momentum Ltd., and/or any affiliates thereof (collectively, “StreamElements”, “we”, “us”, or “our”), to respect the legitimate rights of copyright owners, and we will respond to clear notices of alleged copyright infringement.
Pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C.
Section 512 (the "DMCA"), we have designated a Copyright Agent (as specified below) to receive notifications of claimed copyright infringement in connection with www.streamelements.com and any other website and/or application that we operate (each, together with its sub-domains, content and services, a "Site").
Please be advised that we enforce a policy that provides for the termination in appropriate circumstances of Site users who are repeat infringers.
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide the Copyright Agent with the following information in accordance with the DMCA:
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright;
A description of the copyrighted work you claim has been infringed;
A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Site, with enough detail that we may find it.
Providing URLs in the body of an email is the best way to help us locate content quickly;
Your address, telephone number, and email address;
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
and
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

Counter-Notification.
If you believe that the material you posted was removed from the Site by mistake, and that you have the right to post the material, you may elect to send us a counter-notification.
To be effective the counter-notification must be a written communication provided to our Copyright Agent that includes substantially the following (please consult your legal counsel or see the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C.
(the "Copyright Act") Section 512(g)(3) to confirm these requirements):
Your physical or electronic signature;
Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled.
Providing URLs in the body of an email is the best way to help us locate content quickly;
A statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled.
and
Your name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the address is located, or if your address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which the Site may be found or accessed, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of infringement or an agent of such person.

Misrepresentations.
Please note that under Section 512(f) of the Copyright Act, any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity is infringing or was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification may be subject to liability.

Copyright Agent.
Our agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement ("Copyright Agent") can be reached as follows:
Reem ShermanHaarbaa 6, Tel Aviv, IsraelTelephone: +972545280345.Email: Reem@streamelements.com Crafted with by StreamElements © All rights reserved - Copyright - Contact us - Terms of Service - Privacy Policy - Cookies PolicyJoin us
Help
