
         Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice Copyright Infringement Notification If you believe that content available on or through the Study.com, LLC ("Study.com") website or apps (collectively, "Services") infringes one or more of your copyrights, please immediately notify Study.com's Copyright Agent by mail, email or fax ("Notification") providing the information described below.
A copy of your Notification will be sent to the person responsible for the material addressed in the Notification.
Please be advised that you may be held liable for damages if you make material misrepresentations pursuant to federal law in a Notification.
Thus, if you are not sure content located on or linked-to by the Services infringes your copyright, you should consider first contacting an attorney.
All Notifications should include the following:

A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site.

Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material.

Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.

A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.


Notifications should be sent to the following:

Jessica Bayliss
 Study.com LLC 100 View Street, Suite #202, Mountain View, CA 94041 Fax: 650-227-4939 Email: dmca@study.com

