

Last modified: 29 June 2018 


 Student Edge Pty Ltd (ABN: 78 116 154 904) (Student Edge or We/we or Our/our or Us/us) is committed to respecting the privacy of your personal information.

 This Privacy Policy explains our policy for dealing with personal information that we collect through our website www.studentedge.org, any related Student Edge website, social media page, internal website, intranet and any Student Edge mobile applications (each, a "Website") and the privacy of individuals who provide personal information by any other means to Student Edge, including either physically (including during school visits) or electronically (together, the "Collection Channels").

 Contact us with any queries you may have in respect of this Privacy Policy or your personal information by contacting Student Edge's privacy officer via email: privacy@studentedge.com.au or telephone: 1300 843 334.
Personal information is important to Student Edge
 Student Edge is committed to safeguarding personal privacy.
Unless given consent to do otherwise, Student Edge will only collect and use personal information as set out below.

 Throughout this Privacy Policy, we refer to your 'personal information', which means information which identifies you as an individual or which renders you reasonably identifiable.
Your full name, gender, date of birth, home address, home telephone number, mobile telephone number, email address and workplace contact details are examples of information which may constitute personal information.
Personal information may also include information we may collect about your individual preferences.

 In order to keep up with changing legislation and best practice, we may revise this Privacy Policy at any time without notice.
We will post any changes to this Privacy Policy on our Websites, so we encourage you to check this Privacy Policy from time to time.

 In addition to the provisions of this Privacy Policy, there may also be specific and additional privacy and consent provisions that apply to certain Collection Channels.
We recommend that you review them wherever they appear.
In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Privacy Policy and those other specific and additional provisions, the specific and additional provisions will prevail.

Anonymity and pseudonymity
 Where practicable, we will allow you to deal with us on an anonymous or pseudonymous basis.
If this is practicable, our Collection Channels will only seek information in this way.
However, where it is not practicable for the purposes for which information is collected, we will seek the information identified below.

Kinds of Personal Information that Student Edge Collects and Holds
 Personal information that may be requested includes: 
contact information such as your full name, date of birth, telephone number, mobile telephone number, current and valid email address, residential address and postcode.

 more detailed contact preferences, information regarding your personal interests and information about your experience with our products or services or third party products or services listed on a Website.
This information is requested in order to tailor our subsequent communications to you and continuously improve our products and services.

 the contact details of third parties.
If you are asked to provide details about other people, please ensure that these individuals are happy for their details to be given to Student Edge and used for the purposes set out in this policy (which may include using their details for marketing purposes).



How Student Edge Collects and Holds Personal Information
 Student Edge will only collect or monitor any personal information about you with your consent including as provided in this Privacy Policy or if it is otherwise lawful to do so.
The only personal information collected by us is what has been provided to us in accordance with this Privacy Policy or has been provided to us lawfully by third parties.

Active Information Collection
 Personal information may be collected (and combined) via our Collection Channels if you: 
have previously provided us with personal information prior to this Privacy Policy coming into effect, either directly from you personally or via a third party;
sign-up and/or register to become a member of any Collection Channel;
subscribe to any newsletters, updates, alerts or news and media releases, or request launch or event information or information about our products or services or other information services as well as third party products or services;
complete and submit any forms to us;
contact us directly in person or via any medium including mail, telephone, social media and commercial electronic messages (SMS (Short Message Service), MMS (Multimedia Message Service), IM (Instant Messaging) and email) including via the contact details listed on a Website;
participate in any offers, promotions or marketing activities;
interact with a Website for a specific purpose.
or
interact with or browse a Website generally.


 Personal information is requested in order to facilitate or provide you with certain offers, content, products or services, and information about such content, products or services (including the uploading, access to, and receipt of content on a Website), marketing materials, newsletters, electronic newsletters (e-newsletters), news and media releases / launch information, and also to advise you of other Student Edge or third party products, services, offers, competitions or events which may be of interest.
No one is obligated to provide personal information.
However, failure to do so may result in Student Edge being unable to facilitate or provide you with certain content, products or services, products or services information, upcoming promotion, competition, offer or event information or accept competition entries (where applicable).

Children
 Student Edge is neither intended for, nor directed to, persons who are under the age of eleven (11) years old.
Personal information will not be collected by any person who is known by Student Edge to be under the age of fifteen (15) without the consent of a parent or legal guardian.
Persons under age fifteen (15) may only use our Websites with the involvement and consent of a parent or legal guardian.

Passive Information Collection
 As with many commercial websites, we may also collect information which tells us about visitors to our Websites.
For example, we may collect information about the date, time and duration of visits and which pages of a Website are most commonly accessed.
This information is generally not linked to the identity of visitors, except where a Website is accessed via links in an email we have sent or where we are able to uniquely identify the device or user accessing a Website.
By accessing a Website via links in an email we have sent and/or by accessing a Website generally, you consent to the collection of such information where it is personal information.

 As you navigate through our Websites, certain information can be passively collected (that is, gathered without you actively providing the information) using various technologies, such as Google Analytics features based on Display Advertising (Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting), Unique Device Identifiers (UDI), cookies, Internet tags or web beacons, and navigational data collection (log files, server logs, clickstream).
In certain circumstances, this information may be considered anonymous information or personal information under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).
This is dependent on the device used and the method by which an individual connects to the Internet.
Your Internet browser automatically transmits to the Website you are browsing some of this anonymous information or personal information, such as the URL of the website you just came from, the Internet Protocol (IP) address, the UDI (if applicable) and the browser version your device is currently using.
Our Websites may also collect anonymous information or personal information from your device through cookies and Internet tags or web beacons.
You may set your browser to notify you when a cookie is sent or to refuse cookies altogether, but certain features of a Website might not work without cookies and this may limit the services provided by a Website.
Cookies and other technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party authorised by us to collect information on our behalf.

 Our Websites may use and combine such passively collected anonymous information or personal information from various third party sources, including as described in paragraph 12, to provide better service to Website visitors and users, customise a Website based on your preferences, compile and analyse statistics and trends, and otherwise administer and improve a Website for your use.
We may combine your visitor session information or other information collected through tracking technologies with personally identifiable information from time to time in order to understand and measure your online experiences and to determine what products, promotions and services are likely to be of interest to you.
By accessing a Website, you consent to information about you being collected, compiled and used in this way.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using Google Analytics Opt Out Tool.

 "Cookies" are pieces of information that a Website transfers to a computer's hard disk for record keeping purposes.
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies.
Student Edge may use cookies to make use of a Website and services as convenient as possible.
Cookies do not themselves personally identify users, although they do identify a user's browser.
Cookies allow Student Edge to monitor the items you may want to access as you move through a Website, and record how many people are using the different parts of a Website.

 "Session" cookies are temporary bits of information that are used to improve navigation, block visitors from providing information where inappropriate (a Website "remembers" previous entries of age or country of origin that were outside the specified parameters and blocks subsequent changes), and collect aggregate statistical information on a Website.
They are erased once you exit your web browser or otherwise turn off your computer.

 "Persistent" cookies are more permanent bits of information that are placed on the hard drive of your computer and stay there unless you delete the cookie.
Persistent cookies store information on your computer for a number of purposes, such as retrieving certain information you have previously provided (such as passwords), helping to determine what areas of a Website visitors find most valuable, and customising a Website based on your preferences on an ongoing basis.
Persistent cookies placed by a Website on your computer may hold personally identifiable information, but only if you have registered or have otherwise consented to the retention of personally identifiable information you have provided to the Website.
Otherwise, a Website's server only knows that an unidentified visitor with your cookie has returned to the Website.

 You can set your browser to accept all cookies, to reject all cookies, or to notify you whenever a cookie is offered so that you can decide each time whether to accept it.
To learn more about cookies and how to specify your preferences, please search for "cookie" in the "Help" portion of your browser.

 A Website may use IP addresses.
An IP address is a number assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider so you can access the Internet and is generally considered to be non-personally identifiable information, because in most cases an IP address is dynamic (changing each time you connect to the Internet), rather than static (unique to a particular user's computer).
The IP address can be used to diagnose problems with a server, report aggregate information, determine the fastest route for your computer to use in connecting to a Website, and administer and improve the Website.

 "Internet tags" (also known as single-pixel GIFs, clear GIFs, invisible GIFs, and 1-by-1 GIFs) are smaller than cookies and tell a Website server information such as the IP address and browser type related to the visitor's computer.
Tags may be placed both on online advertisements that bring people to a Website and on different pages of a Website.
Such tags indicate how many times a page is opened and which information is consulted.

"Navigational data" (log files, server logs, and clickstream data) are used for system management, to improve the content of a Website and the user experience, market research purposes, and to communicate information to visitors.
We may also use these technologies in HTML emails that we send to our visitors for a number of purposes including: to determine whether our visitors have opened or forwarded those emails and/or clicked on links in those emails.
to customise the display of banner advertisements and other messages after a visitor has closed an email.
and to determine whether a visitor has made an enquiry or a purchase in response to a particular email.
Purposes for which Student Edge collects, holds, uses and discloses personal information
 Personal information collected will be used for the following primary purposes: 
For the purposes for which it was collected (as advised in this Privacy Policy).
For the purposes stated in a privacy collection statement on a particular Collection Channel.
To maintain the functionality of a Website, including the provision of information to you relating to the content available on the Website and e-commerce transactions conducted via the Website.
To fulfil obligations in respect of any upload terms of use and/or any other contract between you and Student Edge.
To send you any technical, administrative or legal notices important to our Websites.

To provide you with information about your transactions, offers, content, services and products, to provide direct marketing materials, events, special offers, competitions and promotions in person and via any medium including mail, telephone and commercial electronic messages (SMS (Short Message Service), MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service), IM (Instant Messaging), email) or any other form of electronic, emerging, digital or conventional communications channel.
To maintain our relationship with you.
To render services related to the company of Student Edge.
To provide you with newsletters via mail and electronic newsletters via commercial electronic messages.
To respond to customer enquiries.
To improve Website and system administration.
To obtain opinions or comments about products and/or services and to conduct other research and development.
To record statistical data for marketing analysis and to conduct market research.
To share personal information with Student Edge group companies, our promotional partners and other trusted third parties in the manner described below.


 For these purposes, personal information may be shared with Student Edge group companies, Student Edge promotional partners and other trusted third parties (and their directors, servants and agents) in Australia.
Failure to provide personal information may result in Student Edge being unable to provide you with certain offers, content, information, upcoming promotion, event or product information and/or accept promotion entries (where applicable).

 In order to operate a Website or deliver a service, personal information may also be shared with Student Edge group companies, selected service providers and/or other trusted third parties in Australia.
Student Edge group companies, selected service providers and/or other trusted third parties may be engaged by Student Edge to perform a variety of functions, such as data storage, conducting market research, assisting with promotions and providing technical services for our Websites.
These companies may have access to personal information if needed to perform such functions.

 Except as stated in this Privacy Policy, such information will not be used or disclosed for any other purposes without consent.
However, Student Edge reserves the right to use or disclose any information, including personal information, as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to protect the rights or property of Student Edge, any member of the Student Edge group, or any member of the public, to protect the integrity of a Website, to fulfil your requests, or to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or an investigation on a matter of public safety.

Contact by Student Edge
Student Edge group companies (and their directors, servants and agents), Student Edge promotional partners or trusted third parties (and other selected service providers and other non-Student Edge companies or professionals) in Australia, may contact you via telephone, SMS (Short Message Service), MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service), IM (Instant Messaging), email, post or any other form of electronic, emerging, digital or conventional communications channel using the information provided in order to contact you in respect of the primary purposes for collection of personal information as stated above.
 Student Edge does not send advertising or marketing information without obtaining prior consent, for example the consent contained within this Privacy Policy.
If you receive communications from Student Edge which you do not wish to receive, you may remove your name from the database either by utilising the functional unsubscribe facility (if the communication is via commercial electronic message) or by contacting Student Edge via email: privacy@studentedge.com.au or telephone: 1300 843 334.
Please allow 30 days for this request to be processed.

 Despite removing your name from the database from receiving future advertising and marketing information, Student Edge may send you non-commercial "Administrative Emails".
Administrative Emails relate to a Student Edge user account and may include administrative and transaction confirmations, requests and inquiries or information about a particular Student Edge user account.
If you do not wish to receive such communications from Student Edge, you may remove your name from the database by utilising the functional unsubscribe facility.

Ability of others to view information
Student Edge may provide areas on a Website where you can upload user-generated content, post or provide information about yourself, communicate with other users, provide reviews for content, products and/or services or interact with or vote on particular content.
This information may be shared with others and may be publically posted on our Websites, including without limitation, other social media platforms and other public forums in which you choose to participate.
This information may become publically available and may be read, collected and used by others outside of our Websites.
Student Edge is not responsible for the conduct of others who may read, collect and use this information.
Your right of access
 You have the right to access and review your personal information that may be recorded on the Student Edge database.
Information may be reviewed by contacting Student Edge's privacy officer via email: privacy@studentedge.com.au or telephone: 1300 843 334.
Please allow 30 days for this request to be processed.

Changing and deleting the information we have about you 
 Information contained on the database may be changed, or your preferences for contact from us changed, by contacting Student Edge's privacy officer via email: privacy@studentedge.com.au or telephone: 1300 843 334.
Please allow 30 days for this request to be processed.

 In the same way, a request may be made to delete personal information, and all reasonable steps to delete the information will be made, except where it is required for legal reasons.
Deletion of information may result in Student Edge being unable to facilitate or provide you with information about certain transactions, other content, services or product information, upcoming promotion, competition or event information.

We are not responsible for removing your personal information from the lists of any third party who has previously been provided your information in accordance with this policy.
Storage and security of personal information
 Student Edge will endeavour to take all reasonable steps to keep secure any personal information recorded, and to keep this information accurate, up to date, complete and relevant.
The information is stored on secure servers that are protected in controlled facilities.
This service may be performed on our behalf and data may be hosted by our selected data storage providers.

Student Edge and links to other websites
 Our Websites may, from time to time, contain links to the websites of other organisations which may be of interest to you.
Their inclusion does not imply any endorsement or validation by us of the content of the third party website.
Linked websites are responsible for their own privacy practices and you should check those websites for their respective privacy statements.
Student Edge is not responsible, nor does it accept any liability, for the conduct of companies linked to our Websites.

 We may use third party advertisements on our Websites.
All third party advertising, if paid for, is paid for by the relevant third party advertisers and are not recommendations or endorsements by Student Edge or any of its affiliates.
Student Edge is not responsible for the content (including representations) of any third party advertisement on a Website.
Cookies may be associated with these advertisements to enable the advertiser to track the number of anonymous users responding to the campaign.
We do not have access to or control of cookies placed by third parties.

Related Student Edge Websites
 All Websites operated by Student Edge will adhere to this Privacy Policy.
The policies on the Websites of some members of the Student Edge group may vary, however, because of local customs, practices or laws.

Sale of the Company
 If Student Edge merges with, or is acquired by, another company, or sells all or a portion of its assets, your personal information may be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchaser's adviser, and may be among the assets transferred.
However, personal information will always remain subject to this Privacy Policy.

Problems or queries
 If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, or any problems or complaints about how we have collected, used, stored, handled and/or disclosed your personal information, please contact our privacy officer via one of the following channels: 
 Address: 2/454 Roberts Rd, Subiaco WA 6008 Telephone: 1300 843 334 Email: privacy@studentedge.com.au 
 Please allow 30 days for this request to be processed.
If you do not receive a satisfactory response from Student Edge to your query, problem or complaint within 30 days, you may refer your query, problem or complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner via the contact details listed at http://www.oaic.gov.au/about-us/contact-us-page.


