
        Privacy PolicyEffective Date: 09/23/20

Welcome to our website (the: "Website" or "Site").
Our Site provides different email notifications, widgets, applications and other services (“Services”).
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to explain which information is collected when visiting the Website, how it is used and shared.
This Privacy Policy is subject to updates from time to time, so that you will need to check back on this page periodically.This Website and the Services are destined solely for residents of the United States of America.Consent to Receipt of Messages and TelemarketingThe submission of your telephone number on the Website constitutes express consent for us and Service Providers and their agents and partner companies to contact you, at the number given by you, to provide marketing information by means of text messages and MMS, as well as live and pre-recorded telephone calls, including calls made through automated telephone dialing system, on landlines and wireless numbers, even if the phone number you provide is on a corporate, state or national Do Not Call list.
The consent provided by you shall not be treated as consent for purchasing goods or services.
Rates may apply for the data and messages sent.
Your consent for being contacted may be revoked at any time by contacting us at: www.sureint.com/contact or by writing to us at support@sureint.com.Information Collected and Its UseOur goal is to assist consumers in finding insurance and other products by putting consumers in touch with insurance companies, insurance agents, discount program representatives and vendors who also help to connect consumers with insurance providers and other third parties (“Service Providers”).
To this end, we collect your personally identifiable information, that is information which can identify you as an individual, voluntarily provided by you, when you are visiting and submitting this information to the Website.
Hence, we request that you provide, among other things, your first and last name, gender, date of birth, home address, email address and telephone number.
Additionally, we may need information about your driving history, the type of car you own and your home ownership history.

The information we collect may be used for any lawful purpose, such as providing our products and services to you (including matching you with Service Providers).
conducting research and analysis.
contacting you in response to your requests for information.
displaying customized content and advertising.
providing you quotes from Service Providers who may contact you using the information you provide.
aiding us in developing new services.
ensuring that the Website is functioning properly.
sending newsletters and other information to you.
alerting you to product updates, special offers, updated information and other new services.
and obtaining additional information needed from you.

Additionally, when visiting the Website, some information may be collected automatically, such as Internet protocol (IP) addresses, Internet service provider (ISP), browser type, device type, operating system, date and time of visit, referring/exit pages, Internet tags, clickstream data and other activities on the Website.
This automatically collected information may be used together with other information gathered about you.
The purpose thereof is to improve our services, analytics, marketing, and the operation of the Website.
This data is collected through cookies, tags, beacons and scripts by us, our marketing partners, affiliates, analytics and services providers in order to analyze trends, track users’ movements around the Website and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
If you do not wish that information will be collected about you through cookies, you can set your browser to reject them.
You will still be able to access the Website, however, your ability to use some features or areas of our Site may be limited.
Finally, information obtained from you and other users may be cumulatively forwarded to third parties.Opting OutBy submitting your personally identifiable information, you grant permission to receive email, fax, telephone, text messages and other forms of communications from or on behalf of us and third parties to whom we transfer your information.
If you do not agree to this and would like to opt-out from this option, please follow the opt-out instructions located at the bottom of each promotional or marketing email communication or email us at support@sureint.com.
However, you should be aware that you may continue to receive messages concerning any transaction you make with us or comments or inquiries you submit to us even if you opt-out of receiving marketing messages.

If you do not agree that your information will be shared with third parties for marketing purposes, please write to us at support@sureint.com.
If you do not wish to receive communications from any person or entity with whom we have shared your information for their marketing purposes, you must contact them directly.Personal Information Sharing

In General. Personal information provided by you may be shared with Service Providers with the aim of providing you with the quotes you requested and in order for Service Providers to contact you for informational, advertising and marketing purposes.
The information provided by you and automatically collected data may be shared by the Service Providers, without any limitation, with other third parties, and those third parties may also share your data with other third parties.
You may be contacted by Service Providers and other third parties may contact you with a quote by email, text message, telephone, postal mail or other forms of communication.

Suppliers and Vendors. The personal information collected on our Website may be shared with our suppliers and vendors.
This is done to verify the data and where such access is incidental to their providing us services, such as phone number verification services and email service providers.

With our Subsidiaries. The information gathered on our Website may be provided to our subsidiaries, corporate affiliates, and related companies.

To Comply with Legal Proceedings. We reserve the right to disclose your personal information in the situation when disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or to comply with a legal or judicial proceeding or a court order.

Lawful Requests by Public Authorities. We may be asked, in certain exceptional situations, to disclose the personally identifiable information provided by you at the request of public authorities, including law enforcement bodies, in accordance with the law.
Your information may also be shared (a) to enforce our Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (b) to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (c) to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, and (d) to protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of us, our users, or the public, in accordance with the applicable law.

Programs and Promotions. You may occasionally take part in contests, giveaways, sweepstakes or other programs and promotions offered by us, either alone or with third parties.
In order to participate in these programs or promotions, you may need to provide additional personally identifiable information.
Both the official rules or agreement governing that program or promotion and this Privacy Policy will apply to our use and sharing of your information gathered through a program or promotion.
In case of any conflict with this Privacy Policy, the terms of those rules or agreement will prevail.

Merger or Sale of Company. In the event of a merger or sale of Company, the information received from you through this Website may be treated as a Company asset and may be transferred, as permitted by law.
Third Party Sites Connecting through our WebsiteWe may use third-party services, such as Google Analytics (as explained in more detail below), to help us understand how users use the Website or Service and to improve the ways in which we interact with users, including the refinement of interest-based ads displayed to users.
Such services, including Google Analytics, may collect information about your use of the Website or Service through cookies, advertising identifiers and other technologies.
The collection and use of data by such third parties, including Google Analytics, is subject to their privacy policies and is not governed by this Privacy Policy.

You need to be aware that other websites and services may collect personally identifiable information about you, which includes the websites of third parties that you connect with through our Website or Service.
This Privacy Policy does not govern the information practices of those third-party websites, and we are not responsible or liable for the content and activities of such websites.
Additionally, please note that certain personally identifiable information may be made available to third parties using our Application Programming Interface (“API”).
Use of third-party applications developed using our API are subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of such third party developers.
You should be aware that such third party applications may share user information.Do Not Track OptionsAdvertising networks, analytics providers, and widget providers may be gathering information about your online activities when you visit our Website.
Different browsers offer a “Do Not Track” option, but there is no standard for how this option should work on commercial websites.
As a result of the lack of such standards, please note that the Site does not respond to Do Not Track consumer browser settings.Privacy Rights of Nevada ResidentsResidents of Nevada may request us not to disclose certain personal information we have about them, in accordance with Nevada law.
To submit such a request, please contact us online at: www.sureint.com/contact or by sending an email to: support@sureint.comAnalytics and Digital AdvertisingIt is possible that we will cooperate with third parties that gather data about your use of the Site and other sites or apps for purposes other than advertising.
We use Google Analytics and other third-party services to improve the performance of the Site and for analytics and marketing purposes.
If you are interested in finding out more about how Google Analytics collects and uses data when you use our Site, please visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners, and to opt out of Google Analytics, visit tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

Furthermore, it is possible that we will enter into partnerships with ad networks and other ad serving providers (“Advertising Providers”) whose task is to provide advertisements on behalf of us and other entities on non-affiliated platforms.
It could be that some of those advertisements will be interest-based, that is personalized to match your interest on the basis of information collected by Advertising Providers about your use of the Website and other websites or apps over time, including information about relationships among different devices and browsers.

To learn more about internet-based advertising you may visit the DAA Webchoices tool at www.aboutads.info.
This page also provides information on how to opt out of advertising on websites by companies participating in the DAA self-regulatory program.
Please note that if you use a different browser or mobile device or delete your cookies, it may be necessary for you to renew your opt-out choices exercised through the DAA Webchoices tool.
Electing to opt out may make the ads you see less relevant to your interests, but will not stop advertising from appearing in your browser or applications.
Your browser may also provide tools to delete cookies or limit their.
but if you resort to this measure, it may cause our Site not to function as intended.Changes and UpdatesThis Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time.
In such a situation, the “Effective Date” on the Privacy Policy will also be amended.
If you continue to use our Website after changes have been made to this Privacy Policy, this will be an indication that you accept those changes.
If you wish to stay up to date on how we process and share the information we collect about you, please review this Privacy Policy from time to time.Privacy Policy for California ResidentsPrint this page

In this part we discuss the privacy requirements with respect to “personal information”, as laid down in the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).
If you are a consumer with disabilities, please contact us at ccpa@sureit.com for further assistance.
Rights of California Residents for the Protection of their Personal InformationAs regards the protection of personal information collected by businesses, residents of California enjoy certain special rights.
Subject to certain limitations and exceptions, California residents have the following rights:


the right to know the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell, our purposes for collecting or selling personal information, the sources from which we collect personal information, the categories of your personal information that we have either sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with whom we have shared personal information.

the right to opt out of our sale(s) of personal information.
However, please note that if you opt out of certain types of sales, we will not be able to provide you with the services relying on such sales.

the right not to be treated in a discriminatory manner in the exercise of the privacy rights laid down in the CCPA.

the right to request that we delete the personal information collected about California resident.

Please contact us by email at ccpa@sureint.com or online at CCPA Request Webform, if you wish to exercise any of the special rights described above.Personal Information Collected, Disclosed for a Business Purpose and SoldPlease see the table below for information regarding the categories of personal information about California residents that we have collected, disclosed for a business purpose and sold in the past 12 months.
Please note that we do not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.


Categories of Personal InformationDisclosed for business purposes to the following categories of third parties:Sold to the following categories of third parties:Personal and online identifiers (such as first and last name, email address, or unique online identifiers)All categories of third parties listed below.All categories of third parties listed below.Categories of information described in Section 1798.80(e) of the California Civil Code (such as physical characteristics or description, insurance policy number, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information)All categories of third parties listed below.All categories of third parties listed below.Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law (such as race or gender)All categories of third parties listed below.All categories of third parties listed below.Professional or employment-related informationAll categories of third parties listed below.All categories of third parties listed below.Education informationAll categories of third parties listed below.All categories of third parties listed below.Commercial or transactions information (such as records of personal property or products or services purchased, obtained or considered)All categories of third parties listed below.All categories of third parties listed below.Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as browsing history, search history, interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement) All categories of third parties listed below.All categories of third parties listed below.Geolocation DataAll categories of third parties listed below.All categories of third parties listed below.Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar informationAll categories of third parties listed below.All categories of third parties listed below.Inferences drawn from the above information about your predicted characteristics and preferencesAll categories of third parties listed below.All categories of third parties listed below.Other information about you that is linked to the personal information aboveAll categories of third parties listed below.All categories of third parties listed below.

Source Categories. The said personal information is collected from the source categories below

Service providers;
Consumers


Third Parties Receiving Personal Information about California Residents We disclose for business purposes the categories of personal information listed in the table above to the following third parties:



data analytics providers;
service providers;
internet service providers;
advertising networks;
operating systems and platforms;
social networks.
and
consumer data resellers.
We sell the categories of personal information listed in the table above to the following third parties:
automotive companies;
data analytics providers;
advertising networks;
advertising/marketing companies;
business to business companies;
business services/agencies;
operating systems and platforms;
consumer data resellers;
marketing data companies
communication services companies;
financial services companies;
lifestyle &amp.
interest product companies;
telecommunications companies;
home and automobile insurance companies;
technology/computer software companies.
and
publishing product companies.
Reasons for Collecting, Using and Sharing Personal Information of California ResidentsAs further described in the Privacy Policy, personal information is used and shared by us, among other things, for the following commercial and business purposes:
marketing, advertising and enabling and promoting commercial transactions.
our business purposes as identified in the CCPA, which include:
legal compliance;
debugging;
auditing related to our interactions with you;
detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity;
internal research for technological improvement;
internal operations;
performing services (for us or our service providers) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments, and analytics;
activities to maintain and improve our services.
and
other one-time uses.


Designating an Authorized AgentCalifornia residents wishing to submit a request for the exercise of their special rights pursuant to the CCPA, as described above, may designate an authorized agent on their behalf.
In such case, we will require the agent to submit proof of your written authorization by email at ccpa@sureint.com , as well as your verification details, including your first and last name, telephone number, email address, zip code and city.
Please note that additional information may be requested for verifying the request.Verification of IdentityUpon receipt of a request for the exercise of your special rights, we may require you to provide certain information to verify your identity or understand the scope of your request.
However, please note that you will not have to create an account with us to submit a request or have it fulfilled.
In order to verify your identity and fulfil your request, you will be asked to provide at least your first and last name, telephone number, email address, city and zip code.
It may be impossible for us to assist you, if we cannot successfully verify your identity or if the information is too sensitive to be disclosed.
Contact UsIf you have any questions, concerns, comments or requests in relation to this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at support@sureint.com.
