
         Online Privacy Policy - updated August 3rd 2021 
"I agree that I do not live or reside within the State of California, however if I do live in the State of California or if I ever move to the State of California and I no longer am in agreement with the terms of service or privacy policy of this website or simply with to stop receiving email communications from this site, I will simply unsubscribe and fully mitigate all my rights under California Business and Professional codes.
Also if a I am or ever become a California resident and do not unsubscribe even though I disagree with the terms of service and/or privacy policy of this site then I will relinquish all California State Laws and Local Ordinances without prejudice as they relate to any commercial solicited email that I requested from this website SurveySoda and release and indemnify SurveySoda and it's owners and subsidiaries accordingly due to my inaction to unsubscribe and disagreement.
If I change my mind about my permission based first party request to receive emails from this website brand or my agreement with these terms in the future my only recourse is to unsubscribe and I am due no financial damages whether direct or implied or mandated by law."


What information do we collect?

This Online Privacy Policy only applies to information collected through our website.
Our website is not directed at children under the age of 13.
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information.
You may, however, visit our site anonymously.

What do we use your information for?

Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs).
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you).
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs). To process transactions.
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature. To send periodic emails.
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.

How collected information is used

We do not share or sell the Active Information you provide to us.
However, we may share or sell Passive Information to our marketing partners and affiliates to provide you with commercial products that may be of interest.
We also use this information to better target content in an effort to create a more personally relevant experience.

Do we use cookies?

Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser [if you allow] that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.)
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors.
These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings.
Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly.
However, you can still place orders over the telephone or by contacting customer service.

Do we disclose any information to outside parties?

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.

Third party links

Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website.
These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies.
We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.

California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance

Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act.
We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.

Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance

We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age.
Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.

Third parties

WE MAY USE INFORMATION THAT WE HAVE COLLECTED FOR ANY LEGALLY PERMISSIBLE PURPOSE, INCLUDING SELLING OR TRANSFERRING SUCH INFORMATION AT ANY TIME TO THIRD PARTIES FOR ANY LEGALLY PERMISSIBLE PURPOSE.
For example, we may share your personal information with third party partners so that they can contact you and offer you products and/or services that we and they believe might be of interest to you.
This may include, but is not limited to, e-mail advertising, telephone marketing, and direct mail marketing.
You are under no obligation to accept any service or product offered by any of our third party partners through these communications.
By providing personal information when using the Sites, you are entering into a business relationship with SurveySoda.com's third party partners and are requesting, and expressly consenting to, being contacted by our third party partners via telephone, fax, email, surface mail or any other means, at any of your contact numbers or addresses, even if you are listed on any federal, state or other applicable "Do Not Call" list, in order that our third party partners may provide the services set forth on the Site or for other purposes reasonably related to your service and/or product request to which you have expressed interest and the business of our third party partners, including marketing-related emails.
PLEASE NOTE: submission of YOUR telephone number(s) and a best time to be called is YOUR authorization and request to be called at the telephone number(s) YOU provide.
We may disclose your personally identifiable information for the purpose of the transfer or sale of personally identifiable information pursuant to the sale of our business or assets.
If we transfer ownership of the Site to another company, we will notify you by general notice on our Site.
We may also transfer or share non-individualized information, such as summary or aggregated anonymous information about all persons or sub-groups of persons visiting this Site.
In addition, we may maintain separate e-mail, mailing or phone lists for different purposes based on the information that you submitted and that we maintain.

Service Providers

In order to provide the products or services you have requested, we may disclose the information we collect to companies that facilitate or provide elements of our service on our behalf, including without limitation, credit card processors, email management firms, and call center providers.
We may also use external service providers to obtain your credit score and credit report in conjunction with your loan information request.

Other Purposes

We may also disclose your personally identifiable information when required by law, such as in response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process, or to prevent imminent harm to any person or entity.
We will fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal purposes.

Online Privacy Policy Only

This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.

Your Consent
 By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.

Changes to our Privacy Policy
 If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
