


Privacy Policy



Information Collection and Use 


Registration
 


In order to use this Web site, you must first complete the registration form and create a username and 
password.
During registration you are required to give contact information (including email address). 
We use this information to contact you about the services on our site in which you have expressed 
interest. 

These communications are used to give you a better understanding of the site, what it offers, and how 
it is best utilized.
As always, you have the option not to receive these types of communications (see 
'Opt-out'). 

Uses of Information 


SurveyWriter is a web-based service for conducting surveys.
Any information shared with SurveyWriter 
during the creation of a survey is owned solely by the administrator of that survey.
By the nature or how 
our service works, surveys need to be shared via a URL on the Internet.
We provide the option to 
password protect your surveys if they contain sensitive content. 

Email addresses uploaded to the system for the purpose of sending survey invitations and email 
communication are owned solely by the survey administrator.
We will never share any information 
uploaded to the system with any 3rd parties. 

Data collected through surveys is owned solely by the survey administrator.
By default, the data is only 
accessible by providing a username and password and logging into the site.
There is the option to 
share online reports via a URL from the administrative account.
The survey administrator controls this 
option.
We will never use any of the data collected. 


Communications from the Site 

Ongoing Communication and Product Updates 


We will occasionally send you information on product enhancements, new services, and additional 
instruction on utilizing our services.
These communications are designed to educate our users on the 
services offered.
Out of respect for your privacy, we present the option not to receive these types of 
communications.
Please see the 'Opt-out'. 

Service-related Announcements 


We will send you strictly service-related announcements when it is necessary to do so.
For instance, if 
our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email.
Service-related 
emails are also sent confirming billing transactions, account upgrades, and account cancellations. 

Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature.
If you do 
not wish to receive them, you have the option to cancel your account. 


Information Sharing and Disclosure 


Personally Identifiable Information Sharing with Partners 


If a user specifically requests a service from one of our partnering companies, their personally 
identifying information will be shared.
The partnering company may contact them directly regarding 
their inquiry.
Any requests of partnering companies are initiated solely by the user and it will be clearly 
indicated that a partnering company offers the requested service.
We reserve the right to disclose your 
personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary 
to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process. 

Opt-out 


If you no longer wish to receive our product updates, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the 
instructions included in each product update email. 

Cookies 


A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for record-keeping purposes.
We use 
cookies on this site.
We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable 
information you submit while on our site. 

We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies.
We use session cookies to make it easier for 
you to navigate our site and validate that you have logged into your administrative account.
A session ID 
cookie expires when you close you browser.
A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an 
extended period of time.
You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your 
Internet browser's 'help' file. 

If you reject cookies, the site will not function properly after logging in to your administrative account. 

Clear Gifs 

We use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by 
recipients.
This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness 
of our marketing campaigns.
If you would like to opt-out of these emails, please see 'Opt-out'. 

Bulletin Boards


If you use a bulletin board on this site, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information 
you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to 
send you unsolicited messages.
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you 
choose to submit in these forums.
This forum is only accessible via SurveyWriter.com.

Security 


We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, 
both during transmission and once we receive it.
No method of transmission over the Internet, or 
method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.
Therefore, while we strive to use commercially 
acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. 

Changes in this Privacy Statement 


If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement and 
other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, 
and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy 
statement at any time, so please review it frequently.
If we make material changes to this policy, we will 
notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our homepage. 

Contact Us 


If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at: 

SurveyWriter LLC, SurveyWriter.com, 3717 N Ravenswood, Suite 236 Chicago, IL, 60613,  ph: 1-773-281-8490.
info@SurveyWriter.com.



