
        Privacy Policy:Swapzone collects information with respect to Your VC wallet addresses and Your IP address.
Swapzone does not in any way obscure the information that it does request or obtain.
Due to the inherent transparency of blockchains of VCs, transactions to and from the Website are public, and may be disclosed by Us, to any third party, including but not limited to government regulators.
We may also place cookies on Your device while You access the Website.
Cookies collect User information including Website usage, visits to the Website and other User generated information.
Cookies allow Users to navigate from page to page without having to re-login each time, count visits, and see which areas and features of the Website are popular.
Any sensitive information in these cookies is encoded so that only Swapzone can interpret the information stored on them.
The cookies are placed for the following purposes:

Recognize You as a Swapzone User,
Collect information about Your computer to mitigate risk and help prevent fraud,
Customize Your experience, content, and advertising, and
Measure promotional effectiveness.

Further, the use of cookies and other technologies may allow Swapzone and third parties to collect information about User browsing activities over time and across different Websites following the use of Service.
Swapzone may also ask for mobile/phone verification from a user while creating transactions for some exchanges and store this information to provide a better experience to our users.
Phone numbers that end users provide for authentication will be sent and stored by third party phone verification services to improve their spam and abuse prevention.
Swapzone may also use third-party analytical tools to collect data about usage of Website.
The information collected identifies the types and timing of actions taken, including installation, registration, uploading, and certain types of navigation.
All of this information is used internally for the purpose of understanding how the Website is being used and to improve the same.
You are advised to not utilizing Swapzone to obscure transactions or assets in any way.
Law enforcement has full access to blockchain information with respect to VCs that go in or out of Swapzone’s system.
You accept that Swapzone will comply with all legal requests for information and reserves the right to share the information shared by You in its sole discretion.
