
         Cookie NoticeLast updated: 1.20.2020
This Cookie Statement explains how Syniverse Technologies and its group companies (collectively “Syniverse”, "we", "us", and "ours") use cookies and similar technologies to recognise you when you visit our websites at www.syniverse.com ("Websites").
It explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them.
What are cookies?Cookies are small data files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website.
Cookies are widely used by website owners in order to make their websites work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide reporting information.
Cookies set by the website owner (in this case, Syniverse) are called "first party cookies".
Cookies set by parties other than the website owner are called "third party cookies".
Third party cookies enable third party features or functionality to be provided on or through the website (e.g.
like advertising, interactive content and analytics).
The parties that set these third party cookies can recognize your computer both when it visits the website in question and also when it visits certain other websites.
Cookies and similar tracking technology
We use cookies and other similar tracking technology (collectively, “Cookies”) to collect and use personal information about you, including to serve interest-based advertising.
Cookies are an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then store on your system.
Some Website pages use cookies so that we can better serve you when you return to our Website.
You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving the chance to decide whether to accept it.

Do we engage in remarketing
?
Yes, we use remarketing to advertise online.
We use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve Google Display Network ads based on your past visits to our Website.
You can use Ads Settings to manage the Google ads you see and opt out of Ads Personalization.
Why do we use cookies?We use first party and third party cookies for several reasons.
Some cookies are required for technical reasons in order for our Websites to operate, and we refer to these as "essential" or "strictly necessary" cookies.
Other cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our Websites.
Third parties serve cookies through our Websites for advertising, analytics and other purposes.
This is described in more detail below.
The specific types of first and third party cookies served through our Websites and the purposes they perform are described in the table below (please note that the specific cookies served may vary depending on the specific Website you visit):Types of cookies and who serves these cookies?
Strictly necessary cookies: These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our Websites and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas.


Performance: These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site.
They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.


Functional cookies: These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization.
They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.
If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.

Targeting cookies: These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners.
They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.
They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device.
If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
How to manage and set your cookies preferencesChrome

Internet Explorer
FirefoxDo you serve targeted advertising?Third parties may serve cookies on your computer or mobile device to serve advertising through our Websites.
These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide relevant advertisements about goods and services that you may be interested in.
They may also employ technology that is used to measure the effectiveness of advertisements.
This can be accomplished by them using cookies or web beacons to collect information about your visits to this and other sites in order to provide relevant advertisements about goods and services of potential interest to you.
The information collected through this process does not enable us or them to identify your name, contact details or other personally identifying details unless you choose to provide these.How can I control cookies?You have the right to decide whether to accept or reject cookies.
You can exercise your cookie preferences by clicking on the appropriate opt-out links provided in the cookie table above.
You can set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies.
If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our website though your access to some functionality and areas of our website may be restricted.
As the means by which you can refuse cookies through your web browser controls vary from browser-to-browser, you should visit your browser's help menu for more information.
In addition, most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of targeted advertising.
If you would like to find out more information, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or http://www.youronlinechoices.com.How often will you update this Cookie Statement?We may update this Cookie Statement from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to the cookies we use or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
Please therefore re-visit this Cookie Statement regularly to stay informed about our use of cookies and related technologies.
The date at the top of this Cookie Statement indicates when it was last updated.
Where can I get further information?
If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other technologies, please email us dpo@syniverse.com.
