
We use cookies to personalize your use of our site.
This includes third-party cookies for that we use for advertising and site analytics.
See our Privacy Statement and Cookie Policy for more information on how we collect and use data. Cookie Options Accept All 








Products
NAS &amp.
IP SAN
Networking
Surveillance


Solutions
Support
Security
About Us
Sign in


Products
Solutions
Support
Security
About Us










NAS &amp.
IP SAN
Networking
Surveillance
ProductsNAS &amp.
IP SAN
Personal &amp.
Home User
IT Enthusiast
Small and Midsize Business
Enterprise
View All NAS Models
Dual controller IP SAN
Unified Controller
Storage Drives
NVMe SSD
SATA SSD
SATA HDD
Accessories
Expansion Units
RAM Modules &amp.
Rail Kits
Add-in Cards
Spare Parts
License
Applications &amp.
ServicesDiskStation Manager
DSM Overview
View All Packages
Data Protection
Synology Active Backup
Synology High Availability
Hyper Backup
Snapshot Replication
Productivity
Synology MailPlus
Synology Contacts
Synology Chat
Synology Office
Cloud
Synology Cloud²
File Syncing &amp.
Sharing
Synology Drive
Cloud Sync
Virtualization
Storage for Virtualization
Virtual Machine Manager
Management
Synology Directory Server
CMS &amp.
Maintenance
Multimedia
Photo Station
Moments
Audio Station
Video Station

DiskStation ManagerLearn moreFor Business
Business File Server
Cross-Office File Sharing
Storage for Virtualization
Business Email Solution
File Transfer Acceleration
SMB IT Services
Data Intelligence at the Edge
For Home
File Sharing
File Syncing
Storage for Content Creators
Music Library
Video Collections
External Storage Replacement
Data Protection
Enterprise Data
Windows Endpoints
VMware/Hyper-V Backup
SaaS Backup
Personal Backup
NAS Protection
Protection against Ransomware
For Surveillance
Office building surveillance solution
Retail industry solution
Face Recognition
Small-Sized Business
Medium-Sized Business
Large-Scale Deployments
Customer Stories
Business File Server
Data Protection
File Syncing and Sharing
Office Productivity
Storage for Virtualization
Surveillance
Networking
Mesh Wi-Fi for Small Business
Secure Network for Smart Home
View All SolutionsProduct Support
Get Technical Help
Download Center
Documentation
Contact Us
Product and Support Status
Product Support Status
Service Status
Product Security
Security Overview
Protection against Ransomware
Security Advisory
Synology Bounty Program
Company
About Synology
Customer Stories
Newsroom
Contact Us
Careers
Additional Resources
Community
Blog
Synology Account
Become a Partner
Where to Buy
 Legal Terms of Services 
 Synology Account 
 Website Terms of Use 
 Software EULA 
 Package Center 
 Others 
 Privacy Statement 
 Cookie Policy 
 Services Data Collection Disclosure 
 Warranty 
 Developer Distribution Agreement 
 Pre-Release Program Agreement 
 Cookie Policy Effective 5/22/2018
Last updated: September 2020
Synology websites and certain online services may use cookies, which are files that are placed on your device to enable data collection.
If you opt-in to our use of cookies, we will use the information collected by cookies to better understand how you navigate our website and to assess your engagement, to remember customized settings and preferences, such as your language choice.
All cookies will expire in 540 days from the day you visit Synology websites.
After you have opted-in to our use of cookies, you can disable cookies by modifying settings in your browser.
If you choose to do so, some functionalities that are dependent on cookies may not function properly.
Where any information we collect through cookies qualifies as personal data, our Privacy Statement applies to the collection and use of that data.
Please review this Cookie Policy and our Privacy Statement carefully.
The following categories are defined by ICC UK Cookie guide. Category 1.
Strictly necessary cookies These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website.
Without these cookies, services you have asked for, such as payment services or account authorization, cannot be provided.
This category of cookies cannot be disabled.
The table below provides more information on these cookies. Cookie Name Source Purpose XSRF-TOKEN/_csrf_token Synology, Inc.
This cookie is used to help with site security in preventing Cross-Site Request Forgery attacks.
syno_web40/ synodemo_sessionrma_session/ aravel_session/ synology_community_sessionevent_session/ payment_session/ project_management_session/ recruiting_system_session/ PHPSESSID/ synology_accounts_session/ payment_session Synology, Inc.
These cookies are used to maintain the state of the connection between the Synology web servers and your computer, enabling you to move between web pages on the Synology websites.
__stripe_sid/ _stripe_mid Stripe, Inc.
These cookies are used for processing payment and to aid in fraud detection.
backup_project_id/backup_token/fullname/stoken/a_id_token/a_oauth_access_token/_last_region/ Synology, Inc.
These cookies are used to remember identification and preferences of a visitor on Synology C2 websites.
NID Google LLC This cookie is set by Google reCAPTCHA, which is used for spam protection when you view a page containing a form.
Category 2.
Performance cookies These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance, which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages.
These cookies do not collect information that identifies a visitor.
All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
It is only used to improve how a website works.
This category of cookies can be disabled by changing your cookie preferences.
The table below provides more information about these cookies. Cookie Name Source Purpose _ga/ _gtm/ _gid /_gat_UA-nnnnnnn-nn Google LLC These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use Synology websites.
We use the information to help us improve websites through the collection of anonymized information (e.g., number of visitors to website) Category 3.
Functionality cookies These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language, or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features.
These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have to parts of web pages that you can customize.
They may also be used to keep track of which notices you have already viewed to avoid repetition.
The information these cookies collect will not personally identify you and cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
This category of cookies can be disabled by changing your cookie preferences.
The table below provides more information about these cookies. Cookie Name Source Purpose language/Synology_community_language Synology, Inc.
These cookies are used for remembering your language preference on Synology websites.
_LiveChat LiveChat, Inc.
This cookie is used for storing user's personal customization when using LiveChat.
Category 4.
Targeting cookies or advertising cookies These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests.
They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help to measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaigns.
They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator's permission.
They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organizations such as advertisers.
Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organization.
For example, in our remarketing or retargeting campaigns, we will serve targeted ads to you after you have visited or taken action on our website.
In terms of technical execution, remarketing is the process of using a JavaScript tag to place a cookie in your browser.
The cookie then informs a remarketing platform to serve specific display ads through an ad exchange, based on the pages or products you have engaged with or searched for on our website or app.
This category of cookies can be disabled by changing your cookie preferences.
The table below provides more information about these cookies. Cookie Name Source Purpose bcookie LinkedIn Corporation These cookies are used to display relevant advertising to visitors.
_fbq Facebook These cookies are used to display relevant advertising to visitors.
_uetsid_uetvid Microsoft These cookies are used to display relevant advertising to visitors.
IDE/ _gcl_au Google LLC These cookies are used to display relevant advertising to visitors.
_rdt_uuid Reddit Inc.
These cookies are used to display relevant advertising to visitors.
wcs_bt Naver Corporation These cookies are used to display relevant advertising to visitors.
twq Twitter, Inc.
These cookies are used to display relevant advertising to visitors.
How do I refuse my consent to the use of cookies? If you do not want cookies to be stored on your device, you can adjust the setting of your browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies, and to alert you when a new cookie is added.
For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser help documentation.
Please note that if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including strictly necessary cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time.
However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless you adjust your browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting and advertising cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe, or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States. Contact Us If you have any questions about our use of cookies, you can find the most relevant contact details in our Privacy Statement. What can we do for you? 
 NAS Selector 
 RAID Calculator 
 NVR Selector 
 Knowledge Base 
 Downloads 
 Community 
 NAS Selector 
 RAID Calculator 
 NVR Selector 
 Knowledge Base 
 Downloads 
 Community Company 
 About Synology 
 Blog 
 Newsroom 
 Media Coverage 
 Customer Stories 
 Office Locations 
 Sales 
 Where to Buy 
 Contact Us 
 Become a Partner 
 Compatibility 
 HDD/SSD 
 IP Camera 
 Router 
 Network Card 
 I/O Module &amp.
IP Speaker 
 Other Devices 
 Support 
 Knowledge Base 
 Download Center 
 Security Advisory 
 Developers 
 Synology Account 
 Resources 
 Beta Program 
 Bounty Program 
 Community 
 Copyright © 2021 Synology Inc.
All rights reserved.
Terms &amp.
Conditions | Privacy | Cookie Preference 


















 Global - English Please select your preferred languageAmericas
Brazil - English
Canada - English
México - Español
United States - English
Asia Pacific
Australia - English
India - English
Indonesia - English
Malaysia - English
New Zealand - English
Philippines - English
Singapore - English
Vietnam - English
ไทย - ไทย
台灣 - 繁體中文
日本 - 日本語
香港特別行政區 - 繁體中文
대한민국 - 한국어
Europe
Danmark - Dansk
Deutschland - Deutsch
España - Español
France - Français
Italia - Italiano
Magyarország - Magyar
Nederland - Nederlands
Polska - Polski
Sverige - Svenska
Türkiye - Türkçe
United Kingdom - English
Česká Republika - Čeština
Россия - Русский
Region
Africa - English
Global - English
Middle East - English





