
TacoTime ® (also referred to in this Privacy Policy as "we", "us" and "our") is committed to protecting your privacy and security online.
We strive to do everything we can to respect the trust customers have in our brand - and our commitment to your privacy is no exception.
We are committed to protecting and safeguarding the privacy of visitors to this website.
Please carefully read this Privacy Policy so that you will fully understand how your personal information will be treated as you use the tacotime.com website.
This Privacy Policy outlines our personal information handling practices.
By providing TacoTime ® with your personal information, you signify that you agree with the terms of our current Privacy Policy as posted here, which may be amended from time to time as provided below in this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree with any term in this Privacy Policy, please do not provide any personal information.
However, if you choose not to provide your personal information, you may not be able to, among other things, access particular areas of our website, access and use Rewards programs ("Reward Card"), Email Clubs, order certificates, obtain franchise information, enter contests, request samples, or send us e-mail.
WHAT KIND OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT, AND WHO IS COLLECTING IT?
TacoTime ® only gathers personal information when voluntarily submitted by you.
If you request information from TacoTime ® or wish to share an experience you had at one of our franchise stores, we'll ask for personal information such as your name, address, and email address, as well as store address and any other information you may wish to share, so we can best respond to your comments.
This information will help us to better customize the services at TacoTime ®.
Additionally, if you contact TacoTime ®, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
When you access certain areas of the tacotime.com website, we may ask you for your registration or log-in information.
Such information can include your name, e-mail address, residence or billing addresses and/or credit card information (to hold a reservation or for online purchases).
From time to time we and/or our partners will sponsor contests and information regarding specials and events that will require additional information.
TacoTime ® partners or third party sites that have links on our website may collect personal information about you.
Please be aware that the information collected by these partners or third party sites is not covered under this Privacy Policy.
As part of customizing and personalizing your service, TacoTime ® uses cookies to store and sometimes track information about you.
A cookie is a small amount of information that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive.
The cookie stores information and is sent when you register or sign in.
Cookies enable you to automatically log into your account when you visit the tacotime.com website.
We also use cookies to track your use and the number of entries in our promotions and contests.
Cookies also help us to estimate the size of our audience and measure traffic patterns.
Additionally, our partners may also use their own cookies.
Use the options in your web browser if you do not wish to receive a cookie or if you wish to set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie.
Click on the "Help" section of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
If you disable all cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all the features of this website.
TacoTime ® may also collect certain aggregate information about you and your use of our website whenever you visit, such as various forms of "click stream" information including URLs or domains, site traffic statistics and origination information, page views, impressions, and operating system and browser types.
In addition, TacoTime ® servers automatically log your IP address when you request pages on our website.
This aggregate information generally will not personally identify you or be correlated to you individually for external purposes.
TacoTime ® may collect, compile, store, publish, promote, report, sell, or otherwise disclose or use any and all of the aggregate information.
provided that such information does not personally identify you.
HOW DO WE USE THE INFORMATION WE GET, AND WITH WHOM MAY IT BE SHARED?
TacoTime ® collects information in order to provide our users with personalized and customized service.
We will often use the information we collect to notify you of important functionality changes to the tacotime.com website, new services, special offers or contests that we think you may be interested in.
TacoTime ® researches our user demographics and interests based upon the information that you provide.
We do this to better customize your experience and we may share this research with our partners.
TacoTime ® may share personal information within the TacoTime ® organization, including, without limitation, our subsidiaries and affiliates.
Use of this information by TacoTime ® will comply with this Privacy Policy.
Occasionally, with your permission, we will send marketing information to you, such as discount coupons or information about new product offerings.
Further, with your permission, we will, on occasion send marketing information on behalf of one of our business partners about products or services they provide that may be of interest to you.
You may be asked if you wish to receive marketing materials from TacoTime ® business partners.
If you elect to receive such materials, TacoTime ® will not share your personal information with such partners, but rather will send a mailing or email on behalf of partners.
If you do not elect to receive such materials, please contact us at customerservice@kahalamgmt.com and we will not send them to you.
Contests and promotions may be sponsored by companies other than TacoTime ® or may be co-sponsored by TacoTime ® and one of our partners.
Our promotions and contests may often request additional information from participants.
Some of the data collected may be shared with that partner or sponsor.
When you participate in a contest or promotion or request information, you give TacoTime ® permission to transfer your information to the sponsor so that they may answer your request.
If you would rather not receive such information or have such information shared, please contact us at customerservice@kahalamgmt.com.
If you have more than one TacoTime ® account, make sure you change your preferences for each account or e-mail name you have with us.
Companies may be engaged by TacoTime ® to perform a variety of functions, such as assisting with promotions or providing technical services for our websites.
These companies may have access to personal information, if needed, to perform such functions.
However, these companies are only authorized to use such personal information for the purpose of performing such functions and improving services.
Further, the information collected through our website is considered a trade secret of TacoTime ®.
As the owner of such information, we may disclose or sell such information as an asset of the company in conjunction with the sale of our company, our assets or a portion of our assets to a third party.
TacoTime ® reserves the right to use or disclose any information when we have your permission or in special circumstances, such as when we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to comply with a legal requirement, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of our website, to fulfill your requests, to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or an investigation on a matter of public safety, or to respond to claims that any files or data violate the rights of third-parties, or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of TacoTime ®, its users or the public.
For example, TacoTime ® will make such disclosures necessary under the reporting procedures of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (see the Terms of Use).
CHOICE/OPT-OUT
Our website provides users the opportunity to choose how information you provide to us can be used by TacoTime ®.
If you are getting promotional e-mail from us and would like to be removed from our list, simply click the link at the bottom of any e-mail you receive to unsubscribe.
You can opt into or out of emails from us by logging into your account and updating your preferences.
HOW DOES TACOTIME ® PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?
When you submit any files, information, or access your account, TacoTime ® uses a secure server.
The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all of the information that you provide before it is sent to us.
Additionally, we take commercially reasonable measures to prevent unauthorized access to your data.
Your TacoTime ® account is password-protected so that only you have access to this personal information.
We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone.
TacoTime ® will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited e-mail.
Unfortunately, no data transmission can ever be 100% secure.
While we try to protect your personal information, we cannot insure or warrant the security of the personal information that you transmit.
You transmit such information at your own risk.
HOW DO WE ADDRESS THE PRIVACY OF CHILDREN?
TacoTime ® is committed to protecting the privacy of children who visit our website.
For this reason, TacoTime ® does not collect personal information from children under 13.
Children 12 years old and younger may visit the TacoTime ® website under the supervision of a parent or guardian without disclosing any personally identifiable information.
Our subsidiaries and affiliates may need to access and use your child's personal information in order to respond to a service request, prevent fraud, or assist us in the management and improvement of our website.
We encourage parents of children under 13 to regularly check and monitor their children's use of e-mail and other activities online.
WHEN DO WE MAKE CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY STATEMENT?
From time to time, it may be necessary for TacoTime ® to change this Privacy Policy and the revised Privacy Policy will be posted at the tacotime.com website.
You should check here periodically for changes.
Your continued use of the tacotime.com website should be deemed your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy.
DOES TACOTIME ® ALLOW CUSTOMERS TO UPDATE OR CHANGE THEIR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION?
Users of the tacotime.com website may, at any time, review the personally identifiable information they have provided about themselves (and their family members) and make changes to that information.
Users can also request that their account be closed.
Furthermore, users can request that TacoTime ® delete all account information from our databases by writing to customerservice@kahalamgmt.com provided that TacoTime ® may retain a copy of such information for business archive purposes.
We welcome your questions and comments about privacy.
Please send e-mail to customerservice@kahalamgmt.com, or contact us at:

TacoTime ®
 9311 E.
Via de Ventura Scottsdale, AZ 85258
Phone: 480-362-4800
Fax: 480-362-4812 
