
Legal Advice
The present Legal Notice regulates the access and use of this Web Site property of Tappcelator Media S.L.
(hereinafter, Tappx) with address in Rosselló i Porcel Street 21 – 15B, zip code 08016 Barcelona, with VAT identification number B-66162124, registered in the Mercantile Register of Barcelona: Volume 44043, Folio 129, Section General, Page 445489.
In order to contact Tappx fulfil the contact form available on our web.
This Conditions of Use (hereinafter, Legal Notice) regulates the access and use of the website (hereinafter, Web) which Tappx places at Internet users’ disposal.
Access to the Web implies the unreserved acceptance of the present Legal Notice.
Tappx may offer different services though the Web to which its specific conditions may vary.
In each case, this specific condition will be informed to the User.
Web Access and Passwords
Access to the public part of the Web does not require previous registration or subscription as a user.
Access to the private part of the Web and to the services offered through the Web does require previous registration or subscription through the registration form available.
Users’ data obtained through the registration or subscription process is protected through the passwords chosen by the Users’ themselves.
The User agrees to keep the password in secret and protected against third parties.
The User should inform immediately any non-consented use of its account or any privacy violation acknowledged related to the web page service.
Tappx adopts the technical and organizational measures needed in order to guarantee personal data protection as to avoid any alteration, lose and/or non-authorized access taking into account the technical state and nature of the storage data, and therefore any possible risk to which the data is exposed as established in the Spanish legislation of Personal Data Protection.
Neither will Tappx be held responsible for the exposure of the Users’ personal data to third parties for causes that cannot be directly attributed to Tappx nor for the use of such information by third parties not related to Tappx.
Correct use of the web page
The User agrees to use the Web, its contents and services in compliance with the Law, the present Legal Notice, the specific conditions accepted and public order and morality.
Likewise, the User is bound not to use the Web, its contents or the services offered with unlawful or illegal purposes contrary to the present Legal Notice, to the detriment of third parties rights or interests which can harm in anyhow or damage the web page contents, access, or prevent normal usage by other Users.
Moreover, the User agrees explicitly not to destroy, alter, disable or damage in any way the electronic data, programmes or documents which are found in the Web.
The user undertakes not to hinder the access of other Users through massive consumption of IT resources to which Tappx renders service or to perform any action that can damage, interrupt, or generate errors in the forementioned systems or services.
The User undertakes not to introduce programmes, viruses, macros, applets, ActiveX controls or any other logic device or sequence of characters that might cause or be liable to cause any kind of alteration in the IT systems of Tappx or third parties.
Third-party links
The present Legal Notice refers only to the contents of the Web and Tappx and it does not apply for third party links or web pages that might be accessed through the Web.
These links are not under the control of Tappx and Tappx is not responsible for the contents of any of those web sites links, for any link included in a web page accessed from the Tappx’s Web or for any update or change from the mentioned links.
These links are only provided in order to inform the User about the existence of other sources of information regarding a certain topic.
The inclusion of a link does not imply the approval of the third parties links by Tappx.
Intellectual &amp.
Industrial property
All the Web contents, except if mentioned otherwise, are exclusive property of Tappx including but not limited to the graphics design, source code, logos, texts, graphics, illustrations, photographs and any other elements that may appear in the Web.
Likewise, are protected by Law all the commercial names, trademarks or any distinctive signs within the Web.
Tappx does not grant to the User any type of license or personal use authorization regarding intellectual and industrial property or any other right related to the Web and the services offered.
For this reason, the User acknowledges that the reproduction, distribution, trade, transformation or any other form of exploitation by any procedure of the total or partial contents of the Web constitutes an infringement of the intellectual and/or industrial rights of Tappx or to the holder of those rights.
Social Networks
The User is able to join the groups that Tappx has in the different social networks.
If the User becomes a fan of any of these groups, it implies the acceptance of the conditions of use and privacy policy of the corresponding social network.
Personal Data Protection
The User is able to send to Tappx personal data through the different forms available in the Web.
These forms include a legal text regarding personal data protection that meet the requirements established in the Spanish Organic Law 15/1999 of Personal Data Protection from 13th December and its Development Regulation, passed by Royal Decree 1720/2007, 21st December.
Please do read carefully the legal texts before making available your personal data.
Cookies
This Web uses cookies.
These are small data files generated in the user’s computer which enable the access to the following information:

Date and time the user last visited our Web.
The contents design that the user chose the last time visited our Web.
Safety elements that intervene in controlling the access to restricted areas.

The User has the choice to avoid the generation of cookies by selecting the option in the browser.
For further information regarding the use of cookies in this Web, please read the specific policy of cookies’ use.
Modification Conditions of Use
Tappx reserves the right to further develop or update in any moment the Legal Notice without any notification.
Therefore, the User should read it on daily basis.
Applicable Law &amp.
Jurisdiction
The relation between Tappx and the User will be ruled by the current Spanish regulations and any controversy will be subjected to the Barcelona Courts.
In the case of non-fulfilment of the present Conditions or any inappropriate use of the website, Tappx will take every civil and criminal legal actions that might be prosecuted under the law.
March 2018
