
The privacy of your data is very important to us.
We’ll only ever access your account with your permission to help you with a problem or fix a software bug.
We’ll never open any uploaded files unless you specificly ask us to.
Identity and access
When you sign up for Taskulu, we ask for your email address.
If you sign up using Google or Github, we’ll also get your name from the respective service.
It’s just so we can personalize your new account and that we can send you invoices, updates and other essential information.
We’ll never sell your personal info to other third parties and we won’t use your name or company in a marketing statement without your permission either.
When you write to Taskulu with a question or to ask for help, we’ll keep that correspondence and the email address for future reference.
When you visit our marketing pages, we track that for statistical purposes (like testing new designs and optimizing conversion rates).
We also keep any information you volunteer, like surveys, for as long as it makes sense.
The only times we’ll ever share your info:

To provide products or services you’ve asked for – with your permission.
To investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or as otherwise required by law.
If Taskulu is acquired by or merged with another company we’ll notify you well before any info about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.

Law enforcement
Taskulu won’t hand your data over to law enforcement unless a court order says we have to.
We flat out reject requests from local or international law enforcement when they seek data without a court order, and unless we’re legally prevented from it, we’ll always inform you when such requests are made.
Encryption
All data is encrypted via SSL/TLS when sent from our servers to your browser.
The database backups are also encrypted.
Data is not encrypted while it lives in our database, but we go to great lengths to secure your data.
Deleted data
When you cancel your account, we’ll ensure that none of your data (i.e.
everything in the projects you’ve created) is saved on our servers after 30 days.
Please note that if you’ve been added to another project and created tasks on the other project, deleting your account won’t delete those tasks as they are considered part of a project that’s owned by someone else.
Cookie usage
What Are Cookies
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience.
This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies.
We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or ‘break’ certain elements of the sites functionality.
For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below.
Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site.
It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this).
Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit.
Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site.
Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
The Cookies We Set

Account related cookies
If you create an account with us then we will use cookies for the management of the signup process and general administration.
These cookies will usually be deleted when you log out however in some cases they may remain afterwards to remember your site preferences when logged out.

Login related cookies
We use cookies when you are logged in so that we can remember this fact.
This prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page.
These cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log out to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged in.

Email newsletters related cookies
This site offers newsletter or email subscription services and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users.

Site preferences cookies
In order to provide you with a great experience on this site we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it.
In order to remember your preferences we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences.


Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties.
The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.

This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience.
These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.

Third party analytics are used to track and measure usage of this site so that we can continue to produce engaging content.
These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site or pages you visit which helps us to understand how we can improve the site for you.
We also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways.
For these to work the following social media sites including.
{List the social networks whose features you have integrated with your site?:12}, will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.

Changes and questions
It’s not often, but Taskulu may update this privacy policy from time to time.
We’ll always notify you about significant changes in our privacy policy by emailing you or placing a prominent notice on the site.
You can access, edit or delete your personal info at any time by contacting support@taskulu.com.
Got any questions about the privacy policy? Please feel free to get in touch with us at support@taskulu.com and we’ll be more than happy to answer them.
