
        Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy for teamsds.netAt teamsds.net, accessible from teamsds.net, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors.
This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by teamsds.net and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us hello@teamsds.net.General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)We are a Data Controller of your information.
teamsds.net legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Information we collect and the specific context in which we collect the information:


The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you.


The right of rectification.


The right to object.


The right of restriction.


The right to data portability


The right to withdraw consent

Log Filesteamsds.net follows a standard procedure of using log files.
These files log visitors when they visit websites.
All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics.
The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks.
These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.Cookies and Web BeaconsLike any other website, teamsds.net uses 'cookies'.
These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited.
The information is used to optimize the users' experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information.
For more general information on cookies, please read "What Are Cookies".Children's Information (COPPA)Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet.
We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
teamsds.net does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13.
If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.Online Privacy Policy OnlyOur Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in teamsds.net.
This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.ConsentBy using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
Updated: 23rd December 2022
