
         Privacy Policy  This document is our privacy policy which describes what information we collect and what it's used for.
Your use of the site constitutes your agreement to our policy.
 The Information We Collect  During registration, we collect the following information: 

Username
SteamID
IP address
Country

Your username is used as an identifier when posting content to the website.
Your SteamID serves as your OpenID login to the website.
Other users are able to view your username, Steam Community profile, and country in your site user profile.
Your IP address is recorded solely to monitor abuse resulting from multiple registrations under the same IP address.

 Our servers also record log data.
Log data is certain information that is automatically collected when you visit teamfortress.tv, including the type of software used to access the site (browser, operating system), IP address, and timestamp.
This information is recorded anonymously for all visitors.
 Use of Cookies We use cookies solely to store persistent login information.
You can opt to disable cookies from your web browsers privacy settings, but doing so will prevent you from staying logged in between browser sessions. Advertising  We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website.
These companies may use information about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.

 We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site.
These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you.
These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information.
To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit http://www.networkadvertising.org.
 California Residents  The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information:

The right to know which personal information is being collected
The right to know if personal data is being sold or shared, and to whom
The right to object to the sale of personal data
The right to access one's own personal information
The right to equal service and price, even for consumers who exercise their privacy rights
 To exercise these rights, please contact us through the methods listed below.
How To Contact Us Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send us an email via the "Contact" link at the footer of the page.

      