
Desktop Software
TechSmith wants you to be satisfied with our products.
If, for any reason, the software you receive does not meet your expectations, you may return it to us within 30 days of the date of purchase for a refund of the product price.
Subscription Services
Subscription services may be refunded subject to the following conditions:
Video Review, Knowmia Pro &amp.
Screencast.com

A monthly subscription will only be refunded if the request is received within 14 days of the purchase date.
An annual subscription will only be refunded if the request is received within 30 days of the purchase date.

If a paid Screencast account is not renewed, it will convert to a Free account.&nbsp.
Starting as soon as 60 days after the missed renewal date, we will begin treating it as a Free account and delete your inactive content (no views in a year).  
TechSmith Assets

A subscription will only be refunded if the request is received within 14 days of the purchase date, provided you have not downloaded more than 5 Assets. 

Audiate

A subscription will only be refunded if the request is received within 14 days of the purchase date

 
Submitting a return/refund request
Please submit a return request form to request a refund.
Once your request has been processed, you will receive an email confirmation.
Please allow 3-5 business days for the credit to appear on your statement.
You will need to uninstall the product from your computer before we issue the refund.
If you purchased the software from one of our authorized resellers or affiliates, then you must contact that company to process your return.
We can only accept returns for product purchased directly from TechSmith Corporation.
Physical products may be returned for a full refund subject to following conditions: (please note, shipping charges are non-refundable)


If you have not received the package yet, you are able to refuse the shipment so the package will be returned to TechSmith at no additional shipping charge to you.
If you have received the package and it's been unopened, you can also take it to the nearest UPS physical location and refuse the shipment with UPS directly.
If you have already received and opened the package, you would need to fill out the return request form or contact Customer Service to request the return so they can issue you an RMA number.

All physical disc returns should be sent to the following address:
TechSmith Corporation
Attn: RMA # ____
2405 Woodlake Drive
Okemos, MI 48864
