
        Terms of ServiceLast Updated: October 22, 2020

Introduction

These Terms of Service apply to the use of Technote.ai (as defined below).
By using Technote.ai, you agree to the Terms of Service.
UAB „Technote“ (hereinafter “Technote”, “we“, “us“) is a company with limited liability being established and existing under the laws of Lithuania, having its registered office at Gedimino pr.
50, LT-01110 Vilnius, Lithuania, and active through the following domain: www.technote.ai (hereinafter “Technote.ai”).
Please carefully go through the rules and restrictions that govern your use of our websites, products, services and applications.
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding these Terms or the Service, please contact us at support@technote.ai.

Key information

Please note that your use of and access to our services (defined below) are subject to the following Terms of Use (hereinafter “Terms”).
By using Technote.ai in any way, you agree to and accept all of these Terms, and these Terms will remain in effect at all times while you use the Service or any data obtained through the Service.
If you do not agree to any of the following terms, you may not use or access the services in any manner.
Technote.ai is intended only for access and use by individuals at least eighteen (18) years old.
By accessing or using the website, you are affirming, warranting and representing that you are at least eighteen (18) years of age and with the full authority, right, and capacity to enter into this agreement and abide by all of the terms and conditions set in these Terms.
If at the time of use you are not at least eighteen years old, you are prohibited from both the access and usage of Technote.ai and we ask you to stop your access to the services immediately.

General provisions

Technote has developed a website which is an online data platform of technology companies and products (hereinafter “Data Platform”).
The service of Technote.ai consists of making the Data Platform accessible through the Website in the form of Data Platform as a Service under the name Technote.ai.
You obtain access to Technote.ai through your Account (hereinafter “Account”).
These Terms apply, to the exclusion of your terms of conditions, to all agreements between you and Technote and every use made of Technote.ai via your Account.
We reserve the right to withdraw or amend our Service, and any service or material we provide via Service, in our sole discretion without notice.
We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of Service is unavailable at any time or for any period.
From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of Service, or the entire Service, to users, including registered users.
We may amend Terms at any time by posting the amended terms on this site.
It is your responsibility to review these Terms periodically.
Your continued use of the Data Platform following the posting of revised Terms means that you accept and agree to the changes.
You are expected to check this page frequently so you are aware of any changes, as they are binding on you.
By continuing to access or use our Service after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms.
If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use Service.


Prohibited Uses


You may use Service only for lawful purposes and in accordance with Terms.
You agree not to use Service:

In any way that violates any applicable national or international law or regulation.
For the purpose of exploiting, harming, or attempting to exploit or harm minors in any way by exposing them to inappropriate content or otherwise.
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material, including any “junk mail”, “chain letter,” “spam,” or any other similar solicitation.
To impersonate or attempt to impersonate Company, a Company employee, another user, or any other person or entity.
In any way that infringes upon the rights of others, or in any way is illegal, threatening, fraudulent, or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent, or harmful purpose or activity.
To engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone’s use or enjoyment of Service, or which, as determined by us, may harm or offend Company or users of Service or expose them to liability.
To resell, distribute, or in any other way make profit using the Data Platform of Technote.ai.

Additionally, you agree not to:

Use Technote.ai in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair Technote.ai or interfere with any other party’s use of Technote.ai, including their ability to engage in real time activities through Technote.ai.
Use any scraping tool, robot, spider, or other automatic device, process, or means to access Technote.ai for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the material on Technote.ai.
Use any manual process to monitor or copy any of the material on Technote.ai or for any other unauthorized purpose without our prior written consent.
Use any device, software, or routine that interferes with the proper working of Technote.ai.
Introduce any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, logic bombs, or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful.
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage, or disrupt any parts of Technote.ai, the server on which Technote.ai is stored, or any server, computer, or database connected to Technote.ai.
Attack Technote.ai via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack.
Take any action that may damage or falsify Technote‘s rating.
Otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of Technote.ai.

Technote reserves the right, without prior notice, to refuse access to Technote.ai and the Data Platform if this is necessary in Technote’s opinion, without this resulting in any liability.

Payment, Account and Subscriptions

To use Technote.ai extensively, you must create an Account.
Through registration process, you create a set of unique credentials consisting of a business email address and password, known only to you.
You warrant that all information you provide to Technote.ai at the time of the registration is accurate and truthful.
By continuing to register for an Account, you must agree to Technote‘s Terms and Privacy Policy.
When you create an account at Technote, warranting Free, Basic or Premium access to the Data Platfor, you are responsible for the safety of your login information (email address and password).
If you lose access to these login credentials or they are fraudulently acquired by a third party, you must inform Technote so we can prevent unauthorized access.
We cannot be liable for loss or damage that results from fraudulent access to your Account.
If you choose to purchase Basic or Premium access to the Data Platform, you must pay the agreed-upon charges in advance to receiving access.
Our payments are due in advance on a monthly or annual basis.
We provide our pricing terms in the currency of Euros.
Please be advised, that our pricing policy does not include taxes, levies, or duties that may imposed onto you by the taxing authorities.
If at any point we ourselves, or via our payment gateway provider Stripe, find out about fraudulent use of the payment gateway, or that information provided by you is inaccurate, we may suspend or terminate your access to the Data Platform entirely.
We are not responsible for additional fees or charges that may occur during your automatic or recurring payments.
If at the date of scheduled recurring payment your card or other payment method is not available, we may terminate your Account.
We are not responsible for any information on the Data Platform (search history, profiles prepared for export, etc.) that may get lost in the process.
Any User who disputes a credit card payment that is found to be valid will be permanently banned from using Technote.ai.
We are entitled to make updates to our plans and pricing policy at any time, without becoming liable to any Users.
We will communicate these changes to existing Basic and Premium Users if such changes affect them.
Technote.ai is provided on a non-refundable basis.
We pledge to assess each refund request on an individual basis.
Due to the nature of the product, the Data Platform can be accessed instantly and partial use does not make a User eligible for a refund.
We do not offer refunds for upgrade or downgrade, or unused time.
If you would like to stop the recurring payments, please do so at least a day before the forthcoming scheduled payment date.
Complaints do not suspend your obligation to pay for the chosen paid tier plan.

Disclaimer Of Warranty

These services are provided by company on an “as is” and “as available” basis.
Technote makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of Technote.ai, or the information, content or materials included therein.
You expressly agree that your use of these services, their content, and any services or items obtained from us is at your sole risk.
Neither company nor any person associated with company makes any warranty or representation with respect to the completeness, security, reliability, quality, accuracy, or availability of the services.
Without limiting the foregoing, neither company nor anyone associated with company represents or warrants that the services, their content, or any services or items obtained through the services will be accurate, reliable, error-free, or uninterrupted, that defects will be corrected, that the services or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components or that the services or any services or items obtained through the services will otherwise meet your needs or expectations.
Technote hereby disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, statutory, or otherwise, including but not limited to any warranties of merchantability, non-infringement, and fitness for particular purpose.

Intellectual Property and Copyright

Technote.ai’s intellectual property rights – including but not limited to copyrights, tradename rights, and the Data Platform – are held by Technote.ai or its licensors.
We respect the intellectual property rights of others.
We aim to make timely responses to all claims related to potential infringement of copyright or other intellectual property rights.
To ensure this, if you are a copyright owner or are authorized to act on behalf of a copyright owner, and you suspect that our Data Platform or any part of Technote.ai uses copyrighted work, please inform us immediately via email to support@technote.ai.
Please include a description of the alleged Infringement and additional proof, if available.
We will take immediate action to investigate your claim.

Termination and liability

Your Account at Technote.ai is valid for an unlimited time, unless you choose to deactivate it by accesing the user panel and clicking on Deactivate account.
We cannot ensure that your account will be immediately deactivated if you choose to contact us via email or phone.
These actions alone do not constitute a valid basis to deactivate an account.

If you choose to deactivate your account, we are not obligated to make any refunds or to reverse the services delivered.
We also cannot guarantee continued access to search history, export list and other saved material on the Data Platform.
Except as prohibited by law, you will hold us and our officers, directors, employees, and agents harmless for any indirect, punitive, special, incidental, or consequential damage, however it arises (including attorneys’ fees and all related costs and expenses of litigation and arbitration, or at trial or on appeal, if any, whether or not litigation or arbitration is instituted), whether in an action of contract, negligence, or other tortious action, or arising out of or in connection with this agreement, including without limitation any claim for personal injury or property damage, arising from this agreement and any violation by you of any federal, state, or local laws, statutes, rules, or regulations, even if company has been previously advised of the possibility of such damage.

Except as prohibited by law, if there is liability found on the part of company, it will be limited to the amount paid for the products and/or services, and under no circumstances will there be consequential or punitive damages.

Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of punitive, incidental or consequential damages, so the prior limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.

Conclusions

These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Lithuania, which governing law applies to agreement without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
If you have any questions, please direct them to support@technote.ai.
