
        ProductsUse casesFree ResourcesContactLog inStart free trialCookie policyThis is the Cookie Policy for Technote, accessible from Technote.aiWhat Are CookiesAs is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience.
This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies.
We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the sites functionality.
For more general information on cookies, please read "What Are Cookies".How We Use CookiesWe use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below.
Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site.
It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.Disabling CookiesYou can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this).
Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit.
Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site.
Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.The Cookies We Set

Email newsletters related cookies


This site offers newsletter or email subscription services and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users.


Surveys related cookies


From time to time we offer user surveys and questionnaires to provide you with interesting insights, helpful tools, or to understand our user base more accurately.
These surveys may use cookies to remember who has already taken part in a survey or to provide you with accurate results after you change pages.


Forms related cookies


When you submit data to through a form such as those found on the OSDG classification tool or contact pages, cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.


Site preferences cookies


In order to provide you with a great experience on this site we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it.
In order to remember your preferences we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences.Third Party CookiesIn some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties.
The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.


This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience.
These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.


For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.


Third party analytics are used to track and measure usage of this site so that we can continue to produce engaging content.
These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site or pages you visit which helps us to understand how we can improve the site for you.


From time to time we test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered.
When we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimisations our users appreciate the most.


For more information on Google AdSense see the official Google AdSense privacy FAQ.


We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this Service and experience.
Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users’ experience (e.g.
how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our Service with user feedback.
Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices.
This includes a device's IP address (processed during your session and stored in a de-identified form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), and the preferred language used to display our website.
Hotjar stores this information on our behalf in a pseudonymized user profile.
Hotjar is contractually forbidden to sell any of the data collected on our behalf.


For further details, please see the ‘about Hotjar’ section of Hotjar’s support site.
If you would prefer for Hotjar not to process your information, please submit a ‘Do Not Track’ or ‘Block’ request to the Hotjar servers.
You can find out about the method here.


 We also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways.
For these to work social media sites, including LinkedIn and Twitter, will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.

More InformationHopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren't sure whether you need or not it's usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site.
However if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us through one of our preferred contact methods:


Email: support@technote.ai


We use Cookies to enhance your experience and improve the website.
By clicking Agree and Proceed, or by continuing to browse without changing your browser settings, you agree to our Privacy and Cookie policies and the storing of cookies.AGREE AND PROCEED
      