

About
FAQ
Terms of Service
Privacy




This privacy policy only applies to the Techlore, Inc.
forum, discussion community currently accessible via the “https://discuss.techlore.tech” domain.
Other portions of our website function under a different privacy policy located here.
 What information do we collect? We collect necessary information from you when you register on our site and gather data when you participate in the forum by reading, writing, and evaluating the content shared here.
When registering on our site, you may be asked to enter your name and e-mail address.
You may, however, visit our site without registering.
Your e-mail address will be verified by an email containing a unique link.
If that link is visited, we know that you control the e-mail address.
We encourage users to use aliasing services if they want to further protect their privacy, but this should never be done to abuse the service in any way that would violate its terms of service.
When registered and posting, we record the IP address that the post originated from.
We also may retain server logs which include the IP address of every request to our server.

 What do we use your information for? We do not aim to utilize individual user data for any nefarious purpose.
Your data is yours, and we want to honor this as best as possible.
We restrict data use to the following possible purposes:

To improve our site — we continually strive to improve our site offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service — your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To send periodic emails — The email address you provide may be used to send you information, notifications that you request about changes to topics or in response to your user name, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.


 How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We are doing our absolute best to protect your data, but there is always a risk that you agree to by using the service.

 What is your data retention policy? We will make a good faith effort to:

Retain server logs containing the IP address of all requests to this server no more than 90 days.
Retain the IP addresses associated with registered users and their posts no more than 5 years.


 Do we use cookies? Yes.
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow).
These cookies enable the site to recognize your browser and, if you have a registered account, associate it with your registered account.
Third-party service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
We encourage users who don’t want cookies to block them using their browser’s tools for our service.

 Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our site, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.

 Third party links Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our site.
These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies.
We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.

 Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance Our site, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
If this server is in the USA, and you are under the age of 13, per the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), do not use this site.

 Online Privacy Policy Only This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our site and not to information collected offline.

 Your Consent By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.

 Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
This document is CC-BY-SA.
It was last updated March 31, 2022.
