
         PRIVACY POLICY Effective Date: March 18, 2020 This Privacy Policy governs the information Netflix Party collects on its websites and through its online services (the “Service”).
The terms “Netflix Party,” “we,” “us,” and “our” include netflixparty.com and our affiliates and subsidiaries.
This Privacy Policy explains how Netflix Party may collect, use, and disclose information we obtain through the Service.
WHEN NETFLIX PARTY COLLECTS YOUR INFORMATION Installation. If you install the Netflix Party browser extension, you are assigned a unique identifier which is stored on our servers.
This identifier is used to authenticate and access synchronized watch parties, as well as in gathering anonymous usage statistics.
Using the Service. We collect information about your use of the Service.
For example, we collect the information that you provide to us in connection with accessing a watch party.
We currently do not store your messages or chat history during watch parties as a way of respecting your online privacy.
Communications. If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you.
For example, when you contact us through our general email address, we may receive your name, email address, phone number, the contents of a message or attachments that you may send to us, and other information you choose to provide.
Cookies, Automatic Data Collection, and Related Technologies. The Service collects and stores information that is generated automatically as you use it, including your preferences and anonymous usage statistics.
When you visit the Service, we and our third-party service providers receive and record information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, and from cookies and similar technology.
Our service providers may collect information about your online activities over time and across different online services.
Cookies are small text files placed on your computer browser when you visit a website.
Most browsers allow you to block and delete cookies.
However, if you do that, then the Service may not work properly.
We work with analytics providers who may use cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the Service and report on activities and trends.
These services may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps and online resources.
One of the service providers that we use for data analytics is Google Analytics.
If you do not want Google Analytics to collect and use information about your use of the Service, then you can install an opt-out in your web browser (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/).
By using the Service, you are authorizing us to gather, parse, and retain data related to the provision of the Service.
HOW NETFLIX PARTY USES YOUR INFORMATION Internal and Service-Related Usage. We use information, including unique identifiers and your location for internal and service-related purposes, such as data analytics, and may share this information with service providers to allow us to provide, maintain, and improve the Service.
Communications. We may send email to the email address you provide to us to verify your account and for informational and operational purposes, such as account management, customer service, system maintenance, or to inform you about additional products or services that may be of interest to you.
Aggregate Data. We may anonymize and aggregate data collected through the Service and use it for any purpose.
Legal Rights. We may use the information collected through the Service to enforce our Terms or other legal rights.
HOW NETFLIX PARTY MAY DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION We Use Vendors and Service Providers. We may share any information that we receive through the Service with vendors and service providers retained in connection with the provision of the Service, including our payment processors, auditors, and other vendors for data analytics purposes.
As Required By Law and Similar Disclosures. We may access, preserve, and disclose your information and/or other account information or content if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (i) comply with law enforcement requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena.
(ii) enforce this Privacy Policy or other agreements.
(iii) respond to your requests.
or (iv) protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety.
Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction as permitted by law and/or contract.
The use of your information following any of the foregoing events will be governed by the provisions of the Privacy Policy in effect at the time Netflix Party collected such information.
We may also share your information within our group of companies.
With Your Consent. We may also disclose your information with your permission.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Unfortunately, the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us.
DO NOT TRACK Some web browsers incorporate a “Do Not Track” feature.
Because there is not yet an accepted standard for how to respond to Do Not Track signals, our website does not currently respond to such signals.
By using the Service or providing information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Service.
If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Service or sending an e-mail to you.
You may have a legal right to receive this notice in writing.
To receive free written notice of a security breach (or to withdraw your consent from receiving electronic notice), please notify us at team@netflixparty.com.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information, as defined by the Federal Trade Commission’s Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) Rule, from children under 13 years of age, and no part of the Service is directed to children under the age of 13.
If we learn that we have collected any personal information from children under 13, then we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account.
INTERNATIONAL USERS If you visit the Service from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, then please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your information to the United States and processing globally.
By providing your information to the Service, you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this Privacy Policy. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY AND PRACTICES Posting of Revised Privacy Policy. We will post any adjustments to the Privacy Policy on this web page, and update the “Effective Date” above.
If you are concerned about how your information is used, then bookmark this page and read this Privacy Policy periodically.
Your continued use of the Service after changes to the Privacy Policy constitutes your acceptance of the new terms of the Privacy Policy.
New Uses of Information. From time-to-time, we may desire to use information for uses not previously disclosed in our Privacy Policy.
If our practices change regarding previously collected information in a way that would be materially less restrictive than stated in the version of this Privacy Policy in effect at the time we collected the information, then we will make reasonable efforts to provide notice and obtain consent to any such uses as may be required by law.
CONTACT INFORMATION team@netflixparty.com 
      