
A cookie is a small text file which is stored in your browser when you visit a website.
Cookies are useful because they make the web capable of remembering your visit the next time you log in.
What are cookies? Cookies are text and numeric files that contain small amounts of information which can be sent to your browser and stored on your computer, mobile phone or other device when you visit a Web site.
Although the cookies are sent to a device, they are not able in themselves to recover personal data or transmit viruses.
they track only your navigation on the Web page.
If you revisit our Website, these cookies send information back to the originating website or another website that recognizes that cookie which helps us recognize your device.
How do we use cookies?
Cookies are useful because they permit us to move more easily among the different web pages.
they remember your preferences.
They are used to improve your online experience.
Currently we use first-party session cookies, as well as tracking, personalization, analysis and advertising cookies.
The latter manage the publicity that appears on the Web based on criteria such as the content or frequency of the advertisements.
Finally, we use Google Analytics.
This cookie is used to gather information about how our Web is used.
The information is gathered anonymously which means that it cannot be linked back again to the user.
We use this information to compile reports and as an element that helps us to improve our Website.
It gathers information such as the number of visitors to our page, where they are from, and what pages they have visited.
We do not share said information with third-parties.
If you would like more information about Google Analytics, you can consult their privacy policy online at the following link:
Google Analytics.
Cookies from Social Networks? The social networks that tellmeGen interacts with on the Website use cookies in their links.
TellmeGen does not have any intervention, control over, or information on the results.
they are the responsibility of each social network.
When a user registers with a social network, he/she authorizes the corresponding social network to save a persistent cookie that remembers your identity and guarantees access until it expires.
The User can delete said cookie and deny its access by updating his/her preferences on the corresponding social network.
TellmeGen recommends that the User review the conditions of use and privacy policies and cookies pertaining to the social networks that he/she uses.
How can I disable the cookies?
You can select the option that each time a cookie is sent, your computer will receive a message or you can opt to disable all cookies.
To do so you should go to the configuration menu of your browser (Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome…).
Each browser is different so we recommend that you consult the Help menu of your browser to learn how to configure your cookies correctly.
But be aware that if you disable the cookies, you may not have access to some of the functions that make our Website more efficient.
If you would prefer that the information about your visits not be used by Google Analytics, you can install the Google Analytics Opt-out browser Add-on complement.
You can find more information about this complement at: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptoutThe aforementioned sites are not tellmeGen Websites and we are not responsible for their content.
