
         RETURN POLICY
How to return a product:
Whatever the reason, please notify us of your desire to return a product by emailing info@tellmegen.com.
If you wish to return your order, it will be done through the same means used for the payment of the initial order.
To speed up the service, the items must be returned in their original packaging, as well as, if possible, in the same box in which they were sent.
If this is not possible, we would appreciate it if you packed the products in the best possible condition in order to avoid any problems during the return.
A confirmation e-mail will inform you of the receipt of your package and the processing of your order.
Conditions for changes and returns: The maximum period for requesting returns will be 15 calendar days from the day the order is received.
After this period, tellmeGen will not accept returns.
For health and hygiene reasons, tellmeGen will not accept returns of used, opened or unsealed products.
Nor will products be accepted that have been knocked down or damaged, without original packaging / box / case or that are missing some element or accessory.
For a return to be effective, the kit must be returned to our facilities.
Once the kit is received and checked by our team, we will proceed to refund the amount of the purchase applying a penalty of 50€ for handling and shipping costs.
Steps to follow in the returns: If you wish to return a product, please follow these instructions: 
1.
Contact with the customer service through the mail: info@tellmegen.com 
2.
Pack the product(s) under the same conditions you received them.
tellmeGen will send the transport agency to your home to proceed with the collection.

3.
Once the products have been received, tellmeGen staff will check them and if everything is correct they will proceed to refund the amount by applying the previously described penalty.

The refund of the amount of the returns will be made through the same channel that the client selected as a form of payment at the time of formalizing their order.

Please note that you must keep the invoice of the order to manage any return or replacement.

POLICY OF REPLACEMENT OF DEFECTIVE PRODUCTS OR IN BAD CONDITION For reasons beyond our control, it is possible to receive a product with a manufacturing defect or in poor condition.
We ask you to contact our customer service department as soon as you notice that the product has any anomaly.
Once you contact us we will indicate the procedure for replacing the defective product.

If the reason for the return is due to the product presenting some type of deterioration or manufacturing defect, tellmeGen will take charge of the shipping costs arising from the return
No returns will be accepted for products that have been opened or used, unless they are damaged or defective.

Please note that you must keep the invoice of the order to manage any return or replacement.

Returns for transport damages.
It is possible that the product suffers some type of damage derived from its handling or transport.
In order to identify possible damage caused by transport, tellmeGen recommends that customers check the package upon receipt to identify possible knocks or damage on the outside of the package.

If the goods show obvious signs of having been damaged during transport, the customer has the right to refuse the goods on receipt, informing the courier of the reason for non-acceptance
LOSS POLICY If the kit does not arrive at its destination within 10 calendar days of purchase, please contact our customer service department (info@tellmegen.com) with the incident so that we can verify with the transport company what may have happened.
Once we have confirmation from the transport company that the kit has not arrived at its destination, we will proceed to send a new kit at no cost to the customer.

