
         Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy:
To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining Terra Staffing Group’s online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
To make this notice easy to find, it is available on our homepage and wherever personally identifiable information may be requested.
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Terra Staffing Group website.
The Information We Collect:
When you browse our website, your IP address (the Internet address of your computer) is recorded so that we may know how you are using our website.
Your browser may also automatically provide us with information regarding your computer and operating system.
This information is used by Terra Staffing Group to monitor and improve our website.
This information is not linked back to you as an individual user.
On some pages, you can order services, make requests and register to receive materials.
The types of personal information collected on these pages are name, address, email, phone, fax, and billing information.
In order to tailor our subsequent communications to you and continuously improve our services, we may also ask you to voluntarily provide us with information regarding your personal or professional interests, demographics, experience with our services, and contact preferences.
The Way We Use Information:
Terra Staffing Group uses this information to better understand your needs and provide you with better service.
Specifically, we use your information to help you complete a transaction, to communicate back to you, to update you on services and benefits, and to personalize our website for you.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research or to provide you with information about other Terra Staffing Group services that we think would be of particular interest to you.
At a minimum, we will always give you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving such direct marketing or market research communications.
You may exercise this right to opt-out at any time.
We never use or share the personal information you provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
How You Can Correct Your Information:
At any time, you may obtain a summary of your personal information on record with Terra Staffing Group.
You may also request that we dispose of any or all personal information about you, except for personal information we need to complete transactions or to maintain proper records of previous transactions.
You can help us maintain the accuracy of your information by notifying us of any change to your personal information.
You have the right to opt-out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ads Settings.
Alternately, you may opt out of a third-part vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out-page.
How to Contact Us:
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Statement, or how we handle your personal information, please contact us via email at: Privacy@TerraStaffingGroup.com.
Terra Staffing Group welcomes comments and suggestions concerning this Privacy Statement.
We are committed to respecting your privacy and protecting your personal information.
Your Acceptance of These Terms:
By using Terra Staffing Group’s website, you signify your agreement to this Privacy Statement.
Terra Staffing Group reserves the right to change this Privacy Statement at any time.
Any revisions will be posted on this site.
Please check this page periodically for changes. Featured Jobs Seasonal Parking Lot Attendant | Pick your own Schedule| $19/hrFull-timeBellevue, WAApply NowMechanical AssemblerFull-timeKent, WAApply NowQuality Assurance Inspector | 'Best Places to Work' Employer | Monday-FridayFull-timeLouisville, COApply Now TERRA knows our business needs.TERRA has worked very hard to get to know us a business and know our business needs.
This is very important to us and shows that TERRA takes the extra step to support their clients.
Vice President, Lean Manufacturing
