
        Terms of UseTuesday, September 14, 2021 10:30 PM
TeTeOS.Net








Level 3
14 SepPost #1 Tuesday, September 14, 2021 10:30 PM 


TeTeOS.Net has certain rules and conditions.

By using these terms of use of TeTeOS.Net, you agree to the TeTeOS.Net website (or websites belonging to TeTeOS.Net) or its products/services.
TeTeOS.Net (hereinafter referred to as us), the terms of use it determines, aims to protect our valuable users, us and other users and their content.


The Terms of Use include our Community Rules.

1.
Who can use TeTeOS.Net services?

In order to use TeTeOS.Net and (or) its products/services, you must meet the following conditions.
Otherwise, you are prohibited from creating a TeTeOS.Net Account or using TeTeOS.Net websites, products/services.
If detected, TeTeOS Account is closed and access to our websites and products/services may be cut off.
1.
If you are not a person banned under applicable jurisdiction laws, 2.
If you are at least 13 years old, 3.
If you do not violate our Community Guidelines,
You can use their websites and products/services.

2.
Content on TeTeOS.Net websites and products/services;

You are responsible for your use of the Services and for all content you provide, including compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations.
You should only provide content that you are comfortable sharing with others.
We reserve the right to remove content that violates our Community Guidelines, such as copyright or trademark violations or other intellectual property violations, impersonation, illegal behavior or harassment.
If you believe that any content or your content (including forum content, posts by TeTeOS.Net team) is copyright infringing, https://www.teteos.net/help/feedback?type=copyright Tell us at.

3.
TeTeOS.Net Account;

In order to use some features of our website and our products/services, you may need to create an account and use this account in the virtual identity system we call TeTeOS.Net Account.
We may need to provide you with certain communications, such as service announcements and administrative messages.
These communications are considered part of the services and your account, and you may not be able to opt out of receiving them.
You are entirely responsible for maintaining your TeTeOS.Net Account.
TeTeOS.Net and its team will never ask you for your account information, chat messages, personal information, bank or identity information.

Extra notes;

We may review and renew these Terms from time to time.
Remember that you are responsible for everything you do on TeTeOS.Net websites, products/services, and the Community Guidelines apply to you like everyone else.

Termination of these conditions;

You can terminate this legal agreement at any time by deactivating your TeTeOS.Net Account and ceasing to use your TeTeOS.Net products/services.
For this, you can visit https://www.teteos.net/help/stop-using-teteosnet

Reply

