













Home
About

News
Who We Are
Opportunities


Employment
Request for Proposals (RFPs)


Contact
General Overview


What are COGs?


TCOG Bylaws
Vision Statement


Directory

Staff


Executive Office
Administration &amp.
Finance
Aging Services
Client Services
Energy Services
Regional Services


Members


Cities
Schools
Counties
Other
Texas COGs


Board


Current
Meetings &amp.
Agendas
Committees


Audit &amp.
Finance Subcommittee
Executive Officers Committee
Human Resources Subcommittee






Calendar

Governing Board Meetings


Quick Links

9-1-1 Addressing
Section 8 Housing
Utility Assistance










Get in touch with us 








 Privacy Policy
Home 


Privacy Policy
 Texoma Council of Governments values your privacy.
Below is TCOG’s policy on what information is obtained on this website.
Thank you for visiting https://www.tcog.com (hereinafter referred to as the “Site”).
This privacy policy explains the policies implemented throughout Texoma Council of Governments (hereinafter referred to as “TCOG”) governing the use of personally identifiable information provided to TCOG via the Site.
What We Collect and How We Use It You may visit this Site without providing TCOG with any personally identifiable information.
We collect personally identifiable information about you only if you voluntarily provide it to us.
You may voluntarily provide to us personally identifiable information such as your name, address, email, phone number and other contact information, when you contact TCOG, submit a request to TCOG or fill out contact or application forms.
We may also collect other personally identifiable information that you choose to include in any communications that you send to us.
We may use your personally identifiable information to respond to your requests for information and provide you with information about TCOG and affiliate agencies.
We may use small text files called cookies to improve your overall Site experience.
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the users hard drive containing information about the user.
Cookies generally do not permit us to personally identify you.
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included.
Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
The Site may track the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site, IP addresses, computer and browser type, version and domain, dates and times of use of each page of our Site, and any third party Website from which you transferred to link to this Site, and we may analyze these data for trends and statistics in the aggregate, but this information will be in aggregate form only and it will not contain personally identifiable information.
This aggregate information is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
Disclosure We may provide aggregate information and the data generated by cookies to web design and marketing firms we contract for website development and advertising purposes.
We will disclose your personally identifiable information if we reasonably believe we are required to do so by law, regulation or other government authority or to prevent harm to yourself or others.
Additionally, we may disclose your personally identifiable information, in our sole discretion, to law enforcement agencies to assist in any investigation.
Links to Third Party Sites This Site includes links to other Websites on the Internet that are not under the control of or maintained by TCOG (“Third Party Sites”).
These links do not constitute an endorsement by TCOG of these Third Party Sites, the content displayed therein or the persons or entities associated therewith.
You acknowledge that TCOG is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and you agree that TCOG is not responsible for the content of Third Party Sites.
Your use of these Third Party Sites is subject to the respective terms of use and privacy policies located on the Third Party Sites.

Embedded Content From Other Websites



The nitty gritty: This section has been revised to show we embed some Google services to improve site experience.


Articles on this Site may included embedded content (ie.
videos, images, articles, etc.).
Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
YouTube
Our website uses plugins from YouTube, which is operated by Google.
The operator of the pages is YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA.
If you visit one of our pages featuring a YouTube plugin, a connection to the YouTube servers is established.
Here the YouTube server is informed about which of our pages you have visited.
If you’re logged in to your YouTube account, YouTube allows you to associate your browsing behavior directly with your personal profile.
You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.
YouTube is used to help make our website appealing.
This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art.
6 (1) (f) DSGVO.
Further information about handling user data, can be found in the data protection declaration of YouTube under https://policies.google.com/privacy.
Google Web Fonts
For uniform representation of fonts, this page uses web fonts provided by Google.
When you open a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache to display texts and fonts correctly.
For this purpose your browser has to establish a direct connection to Google servers.
Google thus becomes aware that our web page was accessed via your IP address.
The use of Google Web fonts is done in the interest of a uniform and attractive presentation of our plugin.
This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art.
6 (1) (f) DSGVO.
If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font is used by your computer.
Further information about handling user data, can be found at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and in Google’s privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy.
APIs
We make use of certain additional API keys, in order to provide specific features.
These API keys may include the following third party services: PayPal and Eventbrite (API key, auth URL and Client Secret).
Security We may employ procedural and technological measures, consistent with industry practice that are reasonably designed to protect your personally identifiable information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction.
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
How Long We Retain Your Data If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely.
This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our Site (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile.
All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except thay cannot change their username).
Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
Correction/Updating Personally Identifiable Information TCOG provides you with the ability to correct or delete any of the personally identifiable information that you have provided to us.
If you wish to correct or delete any information you have provided to us, you may mail your request to:

Attn: WebmasterTexoma Council of Governments1117 Gallagher Drive, Suite 470Sherman, TX 75090


Please note: this does not include any data on our Site we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Privacy Policy Updates Due to the rapidly evolving nature of the Internet, TCOG may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time.
If so, TCOG will post its updated Privacy Policy on this Site so that you are always aware of what personally identifiable information we may collect and how we may use this information.
TCOG encourages you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
Your continued use of this Site will be subject to the then-current Privacy Policy.

This Privacy Policy was last updated and became effective September 20, 2019

1117 Gallagher Drive
Sherman, TX 75090
(903) 893-2161 Phone
(800) 677-8264 Toll-Free
info@texoma.cog.tx.us Upcoming Events Thu 22 CSAC Public Election April 22 @ 11:00 am - 12:00 pm Bonham Sat 24 Household Hazardous Waste Collection Event (Gainesville) April 24 @ 8:00 am - 12:00 pm Gainesville May 13 FGP Monthly Inservice May 13 @ 9:00 am - 1:00 pm Sherman May 22 Free Sports Physicals May 22 @ 8:00 am - 12:00 pm Sherman  View More…  Open Records RequestsThe Public Information Act
Texas Government Code, Chapter 552, gives you the right to access government records.
and an officer for public information and the officer’s agent may not ask why you want them.
All government information is presumed to be available to the public.
Certain exceptions may apply to the disclosure of the information.
Governmental bodies shall promptly release requested information that is not confidential by law, either constitutional, statutory, or by judicial decision, or information for which an exception to disclosure has not been sought.
For additional information on the Public Information Act and how to submit Open Records Requests to Texoma Council of Governments, please follow the link below.

Rights &amp.
Responsibilities
Search 


 © 2011-2019 Texoma Council of Governments.
All Rights Reserved.

Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
OWA

Hosted by MARJEN Technology Group&nbsp.












