
        Privacy PolicyFirst Effective: May 25, 2018.
Last Updated: Dec 1, 2021For California Residents Only – see California Privacy PolicyGeneralThis privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to all products/software, services and websites of TextNow, Inc.
(TextNow, “our”, “we” or “us”) (collectively, the “Services”).
You (“you” or “your”) consent to this Privacy Policy for collecting, using, disclosing and handling of your information (personal and device information) in connection with your access to, and use of, the Services.
The 2ndLine Application and the TextNow Application are both applications (software) from TextNow, Inc.
If you have objections to this Privacy Policy, you should not access, sign up for, or use any of the Services.
AS PART OF THE SERVICES, YOU ARE PROVIDED WITH A US/CANADIAN FORMATED TELEPHONE NUMBER.
THE TELECOMMUNICATIONS INFRASTRUCTURE NECESSARY TO PROVIDE THE SERVICES ARE LOCATED IN THE US AND CANADA, AS SUCH YOU ARE UNDER THE JURISDICTION OF THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES AND THE LAWS OF CANADA when you accept the Services with the US/Canadian telephone number.
TextNow provides “Free” Services as well as paid Services for users.
In order to pay for the “Free” Service, personalized advertisements are placed before you.
Your information is used to personalize the advertisements.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
We safeguard your information in accordance with industry procedures and security standards.
HOWEVER, “PERFECT SECURITY” DOES NOT EXIST ON THE INTERNET, THEREFORE, TEXTNOW MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THE SUFFICIENCY OF THESE SECURITY MEASURES.
TEXTNOW SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY ACTUAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES OR LIABILITY OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, WHETHER AS A RESULT OF NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) THAT RESULT FROM A LAPSE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY BECAUSE OF A SECURITY BREACH OR TECHNICAL MALFUNCTION.
The Services are not intended for use by anyone who is not able to enter into a legally binding contract.
If you are under 13 years old or if you are not able to legally form binding contracts, you may not use any of the Services or submit information about yourself to Us.
If You are a resident of the European Economic Area or EU, please deactivate your account with us.
We are currently focused on US and Canadian markets and have not yet implemented the EU’s General Data Protection Regulations.
TextNow reserves the right to modify these policies at any time.
We invite you to periodically consult this section for possible updates and changes.
Notification of any major changes may be sent to you by email or a system message to your account.
If you wish to contact our Privacy Officer, you may contact them through one of the following means:
Post: TextNow, Inc.
420 Wes Graham WayWaterloo ONN2L 0J6CanadaEmail: privacy@textnow.com
You may update your personal information (including flagging your messages for deletion) by accessing your account from our website at https://www.textnow.com.What Information do We Collect? How We use this Information?The table below sets forth the types of data we collect.
We collect personal information directly from you, from other sources, and through online technologies (such as cookies when you interact with our website).
We use this data for one or more of the following purposes as indicated in such table:

Purpose #1 - Providing our Services to you, including communicating with you and marketing our Services to you.

Purpose #2 - Security (such as detecting security breaches, protecting against fraud, malicious, and illegal, activity, and taking action against wrongdoers (e.g.
fraudsters and hackers)).

Purpose #3 - To ensure our Services are working as intended and to make improvements to our Services.

Purpose #4 - To comply with legal and regulatory requirements.

Purpose #5 - To provide you with relevant commercial advertisements.
In connection this Purpose #5, we share certain information as indicated in the table below with third party advertisers in order to provide you with relevant commercial advertisements.
The provision of such information generates revenue to pay in part or in whole for the Services.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.

Information We Collect?

Purpose

Name, User ID (alias), email address, Phone Number, IP address, device ID, advertiser ID, device type, settings and operating system.

#1, #3, and #5 (advertiser ID, IP address and/or hashed email only)

Telephony log information (telephone log records) (e.g.calling-party number, receiving party number, forwarding numbers, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information and types of calls).

#1, #3, #4

Messages (including voice, text, audio, video, pictures and videos) and contacts.

#1, #3

Credit card number

#1 (payment processing only)

Records of purchases of our Services.

#1 (Marketing)

Information about your interaction with the TextNow application and advertisements.

#1, #3, #5 (advertiser ID, IP address and/or hashed email only)

Latitude/longitude coordinates and general physical location or movements from IP address and Wi-Fi access. 

#1, #5
Third PartiesIn order to achieve the purpose set out above, we may collect information about you from other third party sources.
We may also make third party applications, such as extensions, available through the Services.
The information collected by us when you enable a third party application is processed under this Privacy Policy.
Information collected by the third party application provider is governed by their privacy policies.
For example:
Emoji Privacy Policy: Click here to view Emoji's Privacy Policy
We “do not track” you across third party websites.
However, we do track you as per this Privacy Policy, and some of our third party advertiser partners and vendors may also track you across other websites or online services.
We partner with third parties that collect information across various channels, including offline and online, for purposes of delivering more relevant advertising to you or your business.
Our partners may place or recognize cookies, pixels, and other tracking technologies on your computer, device, or directly in our emails/communications, and we may share personal information with them if you have submitted such information to us, such as your email address or device ID.
Our partners may link the hashed or obfuscated personal information we share with them to the cookie stored on your browser or device, and they may collect information such as your IP address, browser or operating system type and version, and demographic or inferred-interest information.
Our partners use this information to recognize you across different channels and platforms, including but not limited to, computers, mobile devices, over time for advertising (including addressable TV), analytics, attribution, and reporting purposes.
For example, our partners may deliver an ad to you in your web browser based on a purchase you made in a physical retail store.
Your data may be transferred outside of the country from which it was originally collected.
To learn more about interest-based advertising in general and to opt-out, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices.
To opt-out of the use of your mobile device ID for targeted advertising, please see http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices.
You may also opt-out of cookies by updating your browser settings.Revoking Your ConsentYou may withdraw your consent to the ongoing uses of your information set out in this Privacy Policy at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice.
You can withdraw your consent by requesting deletion of your personal information, deactivating your account, or by uninstalling the TextNow Application using the standard uninstall procedures that may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network where you obtained the TextNow Application.
However, please note that deactivating your account or uninstalling the application does not automatically delete your personal information.
Please see the steps outlined below in order to request deletion of your personal information.
You may opt-out of providing your location information to us when you are using mobile devices.
If you do not want us to use your location information as described in this Privacy Policy, you should turn off the location services for the mobile application located in your mobile device settings.
Please refer to instructions provided by your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your mobile device and mobile browser settings.Deletion RightYou may request deletion of your personal information.
You may exercise this right at:Request to Delete My Data
- OR by email to us at privacy@textnow.com
Please note that you will have to sign into your user account, as TextNow has your personal information records by user account.
If you do not have a user account with TextNow, then we do not have a copy of your personal information in our records.
Please note that once your deletion request is processed and the personal information is deleted, your user account will be deleted, inoperative, and this action cannot be reversed.
If you change your mind and wish to use TextNow services in the future you will need to sign up for a new user account.
If you are eligible for, and wish to port your phone number you must do so before submitting your deletion request.
TextNow may retain certain portions of your personal information in order to a) detect or resolve certain issues, including but not limited to issues related to security, fraud, and spam.
b) comply with applicable laws, and in particular telecommunications laws.
c) carry out any actions for internal purposes only, such as for archival backups, and for improving TextNow’s products and services, and d) as otherwise permitted or required by applicable law.Disclosure and Retention of Your InformationOur servers are located in the United States and Canada.
Accordingly, in connection with providing you with the Services, your information will be processed and stored in the United States and Canada.
The governments, courts, law enforcement, and regulatory agencies of which are able to obtain disclosure of your information through the laws of the United States or the laws of Canada.
Your payment information may be share with such third parties as needed for billing purposes and to prevent fraud.Links to other Web sites and Third Party AdsThe Services may include advertisements regarding or otherwise contain hyperlinks to other websites, including those of our business partners, vendors and advertisers.
Advertisements for third parties and their products may be included with the Services and those third party advertisements and web sites may include a cookie, web beacons, or other device(s) of the third party.
We do not have control over the cookies, web beacons, or other devices used by third parties and do not have access to whatever information they may collect.
You acknowledge and agree We are not responsible for the content or for the privacy practices employed by third parties.

