
         Cookie Policy 
This cookie policy (“Policy”) describes what cookies are and how Website Operator (“Website Operator”, “we”, “us” or “our”) uses them on the scrollsoflankhmar.com website and any of its products or services (collectively, “Website” or “Services”).


You should read this Policy so you can understand what type of cookies we use, the information we collect using cookies and how that information is used.
It also describes the choices available to you regarding accepting or declining the use of cookies.
For further information on how we use, store and keep your personal data secure, see our Privacy Policy.

−Table of Contents 
Cookie Policy

What are cookies?
Necessary cookies
Functionality cookies
What are your cookie options?
Changes and amendments
Acceptance of this policy
Contacting us


 What are cookies? 
Cookies are small pieces of data stored in text files that are saved on your computer or other devices when websites are loaded in a browser.
They are widely used to remember you and your preferences, either for a single visit (through a “session cookie”) or for multiple repeat visits (using a “persistent cookie”).


Session cookies are temporary cookies that are used during the course of your visit to the Website, and they expire when you close the web browser.


Persistent cookies are used to remember your preferences within our Website and remain on your desktop or mobile device even after you close your browser or restart your computer.
They ensure a consistent and efficient experience for you while visiting our Website or using our Services.


Cookies may be set by the Website (“first-party cookies”), or by third parties, such as those who serve content or provide advertising or analytics services on the website (“third party cookies”).
These third parties can recognize you when you visit our website and also when you visit certain other websites.
What type of cookies do we use?
 Necessary cookies 
Necessary cookies allow us to offer you the best possible experience when accessing and navigating through our Website and using its features.
For example, these cookies let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged into that account to access the content.
 Functionality cookies 
Functionality cookies let us operate the Website and our Services in accordance with the choices you make.
For example, we will recognize your username and remember how you customized the Website and Services during future visits.
 What are your cookie options? 
If you don't like the idea of cookies or certain types of cookies, you can change your browser's settings to delete cookies that have already been set and to not accept new cookies.
To learn more about how to do this, visit the help pages of your browser.
 Changes and amendments 
We reserve the right to modify this Policy relating to the Website or Services at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of this Policy on the Website.
When we do we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page.
Continued use of the Website after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.
 Acceptance of this policy 
You acknowledge that you have read this Policy and agree to all its terms and conditions.
By using the Website or its Services you agree to be bound by this Policy.
If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Policy, you are not authorized to use or access the Website and its Services.
 Contacting us 
If you have any questions about this Policy or our use of cookies, please contact us at
mailto:curator@scrollsoflankhmar.com.


This policy was created with http://WebsitePolicies.com


This document was last updated on January 22, 2019
 Created by srithofthescrolls on 2019/01/21 18:37.
Contributing authors &amp.
editors: 
srithofthescrolls

