
         Pricing and Payment Terms These Pricing and Payment Terms were last modified on November 14, 2019
and explain our pricing and payment terms which allow you to use our the
Service.
By using the Service, you signify that you have read,
understood, and agree to be bound by these Pricing and Payment Terms.
Capitalized terms that are not defined in the Pricing and Payment Terms
have the meaning given them in Lessin Media’s Terms of Service
(http://www.theinformation.com/terms).
The Lessin Media Terms
of Service are hereby incorporated by reference. 1.
Services 1.A.
Pricing.

The Information Subscriptions:

Monthly – $39
Annually – $399
All Access - $749
Prices are subject to change. 1.B.
Payment.
Lessin Media accepts certain credit cards and will automatically charge
your selected credit card for all applicable fees on a monthly or yearly
basis, depending on which account you select, until you or we cancel
your account.
The account fee will be billed when you first choose to
open an account and each month or year (depending on which account you
select) thereafter unless and until you cancel your membership.
Account
charges are fully earned upon payment and there are no refunds or
credits for partially used months or years, as applicable.
If any fee
is not paid in a timely manner, or Lessin Media is unable to process
your transaction using the credit card information provided, Lessin
Media reserves the right to revoke access to your Lessin Media account.
All information that you provide in connection with a monetary
transaction through the Service must be accurate, complete, and current.
You agree to pay all charges incurred by users of your credit card,
debit card, or other payment method used in connection with a purchase
or transaction or other monetary transaction through the Service at the
prices in effect when such charges are incurred.
You will pay any
applicable taxes, if any, relating to any monetary transactions.
If you want to use a different credit card or if there is a change in
your credit card validity or expiration date, you may edit your
information by accessing your account setting page.
If your credit card
reaches its expiration date, your continued use of the Lessin Media
constitutes your authorization for us to continue billing that credit
card and you remain responsible for any uncollected amounts.
It is your
responsibility to keep your contact information and payment information
current and updated. 1.C.
No Refunds.
You may cancel your Lessin Media account at any time.
however, there are no refunds for cancellation.
if you cancel before the end of your billing cycle you have access to your account for the remainder of the billing cycle.
In the event that Lessin Media suspends or terminates your account or this Agreement for your breach of this Agreement, you understand and agree that you shall receive no refund or exchange for any unused time on a subscription, any license or subscription fees for any portion of the Service, any content or data associated with your account, or for anything else. 2.
Canceling Your Account Your Lessin Media account will continue in effect unless and until you
cancel your account, or we terminate it.
You must cancel your account
before it renews each month or year (depending on which account you
select) in order to avoid billing of the next month’s/year’s fees to
your credit card.
Lessin Media will bill the monthly/yearly fees
associated with your account plus any applicable tax to the credit card
you provide to us during registration (or to a different credit card if
you change your account information). 3.
Changes to the Pricing and Payment Terms Lessin Media may, at its sole discretion, modify or update these Pricing
and Payment Terms from time to time to reflect the changes in our
business and practices, and so you should review this page periodically.
When we change the policy in a material manner we will let you know and
update the ‘last modified’ date at the top of this page. 3.A.
Special offers.
The Information may enable special offers for certain eligible groups.
If you qualify and subscribe through a special offer, you will be billed the advertised special rate for one year and automatically renewed at the regular rate after that. 4.
Contact If you have any questions regarding these Pricing and Payment Terms,
please contact us at support@theinformation.com
