
         Notice: At approximately 10 AM US Mountain time on Tuesday, May 4, 2021, the server will be taken offline for hardware maintenance.
All sites will be down for at least a couple of hours.
Additional details will be posted here as needed.
Wiki Sprites Models Textures Sounds Login VGFacts DidYouKnowGaming? ☰ Hello, Guest! (Login|Register) Register today to join in with discussions on the forum, post comments on the site, and upload your own sheets! ☰ Home - Search - Forums - About - Stats - Comments - Contact Sprites Models Textures Sounds Home Search Forums Wiki About FAQ Stats Comments Contact User Agreement Privacy Policy Social Links Discord Twitter Facebook User Links Login Follow Us! Consoles 3DS
Arcade
Custom / Edited
DS / DSi
Game Boy / GBC
Game Boy Advance
GameCube
Genesis / 32X / SCD
Master System
Mobile
Neo Geo / NGCD
NES
Nintendo 64
Nintendo Switch
PC / Computer
PlayStation
PlayStation 2
PlayStation 3
PlayStation 4
PlayStation Vita
PSP
SNES
Wii
Wii U
Xbox 360
Other Systems 3DO
Acorn Electron
Adventure Vision
Amiga / Amiga CD32
Amstrad CPC
Apple II
Atari
Atari ST
Bally Astrocade
BBC Micro
Browser Games
CD-i
ColecoVision
Commodore 16
Commodore 64
COMX-35
Cybiko
Dreamcast
Elektronika Calculators
Emerson Arcadia 2001
FM Towns
FM-7
Game Gear
Game Master
Game.com
Intellivision
Jaguar
LCD Handhelds
LeapFrog Didj
Leapster
Lynx
Mega Duck
MSX / MSX2
N-Gage
NEC PC-8801
NEC PC-9801
Neo Geo Pocket
Nokia Series 40/60
Odyssey²
Pico
Plug &amp.
Play
Pokémon Mini
RCA Studio II
Saturn
SG-1000
Sharp MZ
Sharp X1
Sharp X68000
Super A'Can
Super Cassette Vision
Supervision
TI-83
TI-99
TurboGrafx-16
V.Smile
Vectrex
Virtual Boy
Visicom COM-100
WonderSwan / WSC
Xbox
ZX Spectrum Genres Action
Action RPG
Action-Adventure
Action-Platformer
Adventure
Beat 'em Up
Board / Card Game
Educational
Fighting
Horror
Music
Platformer
Puzzle
Racing
Shoot 'em Up
Shooter
Simulation
Sports
Strategy
Turn-Based RPG
Visual Novel
Other Advertisement User Agreement Comments
While we attempt to edit or remove any messages containing inappropriate, sexually orientated, abusive, hateful, slanderous, or threatening material that could be considered invasive of a persons privacy, or which otherwise violate any kind of law, it is impossible for us to review every message posted through our discussion systems.
For this reason you acknowledge that all messages posted on our discussion system express the views and opinions of the original message author and not necessarily the views of our website.
Therefore we take no responsibility and cannot be held liable for any messages posted.
We do not vouch for or warrant the accuracy and completeness of every message.
Posting
By registering you agree that you will not post any material which is knowingly false, inaccurate, abusive, hateful, harassing, sexually orientated, threatening or invasive of a person's privacy, or any other material which may violate any applicable laws.
Any material posted on this website which is not your own content (meaning, in this case, someone else's custom work or rip) will be perceived as theft, and will result in harsh repercussions.
You cannot submit someone else's custom work, edited work, or rip under any circumstances, regardless of whether or not you were given permission or are crediting them as the submitter.
Taking content in its original format from this website and distributing it elsewhere without prior consent or credit to its origin will also result in contact being made with those seen fit to have it removed as this is also viewed as theft.
Use of the content of this site is not included in this term, as that is the purpose of this resource.
Feel free to use the content as you wish (where legally permitted or in unpublished, non-commercial works).
Repercussions
Failure to comply with these rules may result in the termination of your account, account suspension, or permanent ban of access to the site.
Your IP Address is recorded with each post you make on this website and is retrievable by the forum staff if need-be.
You agree that we have the ability and right to remove, edit, or lock any account or message at any time should it be seen fit.
Your Information and Cookies
You agree that any information you enter upon registration or discussion is stored in a database, and that cookies are stored on your computer to save your login information.
We will never store cookies besides those that enhance your experience on this website without your prior consent.
Disclosure
Any information you provide on this site will not be disclosed to any third party without your complete consent, although the staff cannot be held liable for any hacking attempt in which your data is compromised.
That being said, we make every effort to secure your data using industry-standard best practices but we will notify you as soon as any compromise is detected, should one occur.
This page does not work well in portrait mode on mobile.
Please rotate your device.

Site Network
The VG Resource
The Spriters Resource
The Models Resource
The Textures Resource
The Sounds Resource


Popular Games
Sonic the Hedgehog C...
Mario Customs
Undertale
Fire Emblem: Heroes
Super Mario World


Affiliates
Sprite Database
Sprites Inc.
Retro Game Zone
Mario Fan Game Galaxy
Videogame Sprites


About
About
Contact Us
Staff
FAQ
Advertising


Legal
By use of this site, youagree to abide by theUser Agreement.
Privacy Policy
RSS Feed
 © 2003-2021, The VG Resource © 2003-2021, The VG Resource Revise Report Switch to Dark Theme Switch to Text Mode Click to show NSFW Content Click to toggle list of pending sheets Click for a random sheet! We use cookies and other data collection technologies to provide the best experience for our customers.
You may request that your data not be shared with third parties here: Do Not Sell My Data.
XActivision360pLoading Ad 
 00:00/01:01 LIVEVIDEO ERROR Audio/video not supported 
      