
        
Privacy Policy The Calculator Site respects the confidentiality of the information relating to its individual users and visitors and the laws governing the privacy of information that apply in the country and state where the web site is located.
Information identifying a user will not be disclosed by The Calculator Site staff to anyone unless specifically authorized by that individual.
 To help with your productivity, The Calculator Site may place the following cookies (🍪) in your browser: 


currency: This cookie stores your chosen currency on finance calculators, in order to remember it and auto-select it for you on calculators during future visits.

conversion cookie: For each of the main unit category converters, a cookie is placed to store the index of the last options chosen for 'Convert From' and 'Convert To'.
This is to auto-select them for your future visits (to save you time).
They will be named as the converter name (energy, power, etc).

roundingNum: This cookie stores the number of digits you have chosen to round to, to auto-select the appropriate option when you next visit.

 On some calculators we have included an option to remember the information you enter into the calculator, so that you don't have to type it in every time you visit.
If you select this option (which is off by default), information is stored in a cookie in the browser on your device - we do not store this information ourselves.
 Ezoic  The Calculator Site uses a third party technology called Ezoic.
Ezoic is committed to protecting your privacy and only uses the information collected lawfully in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (Regulation (EU) 2016/679).

 The privacy policy for Ezoic can be found here.
The page also contains a full list of cookies used on this website.

 Should you wish to, you can change your privacy consent settings here.
 Third Party Advertising We use Ezoic, Google, Media.net and other third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our web site.
These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
Your continued use of this web site confirms your acceptance of this.

 We and third-party vendors may use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) or other first-party identifiers, and third-party cookies (such as Google advertising cookies) or other third-party identifiers together.

If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by Google, please see the privacy policy at Google.com.
 Third Party Cookies In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertisers may place or recognize a unique "cookie" in your browser.
 Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on the The Calculator Site website.
Google uses a cookie to enable it to serve ads to the user based on the user's visit to the The Calculator Site website and other sites on the Internet.


 Users may opt-out of the Google Analytics Advertising Features we use through Ads Settings, Ad Settings for mobile apps, or any other available means (for example, the NAI's consumer opt-out).
Should you wish to opt out directly as a web user, Google Analytics' has available opt-outs for the web available here.

 More information on how to opt out of the use of the these cookies can be found in Google's ad and content network privacy policy.
 Calculator and converter forms on this website  Individual information you enter into the converter and calculator forms on this website is not stored.
Results are simply calculated and returned to you on the screen based upon the data you have entered.
The only exceptions to this are the productivity cookies mentioned at the top of this page.
 Changes to this privacy policy  We reserve the right to change and update this privacy policy whenever we wish.
Please revisit and review this page regularly for any updates.



