
         menu Log in
or
Sign up The Session Privacy Policy My name is Jeremy.
I run The Session.
If you need any help, let me know. Information about you
When you sign up to The Session, you provide some information about yourself.
This information will never, ever be shared, sold or given away to anyone.
Your email address
You need to provide a valid email address when you sign up for The Session.
This is for a few reasons:

You can have a password-reset email sent to you if you ever have a problem logging in (for example, if you can’t remember your password).
You can choose to receive a weekly newsletter from The Session detailing what’s been submitted in the last seven days.

You can update your email address at any time from your member profile.
Your username
When you sign up to The Session, you provide a name that you will be known by on the site.
I encourage you to use your real name, but you don’t have to.
You can update your username at any time from your member profile.
Your password
When you sign up to The Session, you choose a password for logging into the site.
This password is not stored in plaintext—it is encrypted.
So even in the case of a security breach, nobody can gain access to your password.
Because your password is encrypted, if you forget what it is, I can’t provide it to you.
That’s why it’s important that you provide a valid email address when you sign up.
You can update your password at any time from your member profile.
Your location
After signing up to The Session, you can provide your geographical location if you choose.
This is stored as latitude and longitude coordinates.
It’s up to you how precise or vague you want to be with your location.
If you provide your location, it will be easier to find nearby sessions, events, and fellow members.
You can update or delete your location at any time from your member profile. Your contributions
All of the content on The Session—tune settings, sessions, events, discussions, etc.—is provided by members.
Every contribution is attributed with a link back to the corresponding member profile.
Deactivating your account
If you no longer want to contribute to The Session, you don’t need to take any action.
If you no longer want your past contributions attributed to you, you can contact me and request your membership be deactivated.
Once your member profile is marked as inactive, all of your previous contributions become anonymous. Security
I’ll make every effort to maintain the highest level of security possible for The Session.
But you shouldn’t take my word for it.
You can use your browser’s address bar to examine your connection to The Session and make sure it’s secure.
You can also examine the SSL settings for The Session.
You can examine the security headers for The Session as well.
Third parties
The Session has no third-party scripts or cookies: no advertising.
no tracking.
no analytics.
Sometimes third-party content is embedded within pages on The Session—iframes with YouTube or Vimeo videos, Soundcloud players, or map tiles from OpenStreetMap.
But even if your browser is configured to accept third-party cookies, the cookie settings for The Session ensure that no third-party cookies can be set. menu Log in
or
Sign up 
Tunes
Recordings
Trips
Sessions
Events
Discussions


help
privacy
contact
links
donate
 back to top Log in 
      