

Home
Blog
Toolkit
About
Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy is effective as of June 1, 2020.Privacy MattersYour privacy is important to us.
It is the policy of Celestial Cinema LLC to
respect your privacy regarding any information we collect across
celestialcinema.io and other sites we own and operate.
We do not share any personally identifying information publicly or with third
parties, except when required by law.
Our website links to external sites and social media platforms that we do not
operate.
Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices
of these sites and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their
respective privacy policies.Google AnalyticsLike millions of other websites, Google Analytics is used on celestialcinema.io.
Google Analytics is a piece of software that records data about our visitors.
Here are some examples of data we collect:

Which website you came from to get here.
How long you stay.
What kind of computer or device you are using.
Which web browser you are using.
Your general geographic location.
And several other technical data points – none of which are personally
identifiable.

This information allows us to better understand the kind of people visiting this
site and what they are interested in.
That is important so we can make better
design and content decisions in the future.
Occasionally, we will compile aggregate statistics about the number of visitors
celestialcinema.io receives and browsers being used.
No personally identifying
data is included in this type of reporting.
All our data collection activity falls within the bounds of the
Google Analytics Terms of Service.Opt-Out OptionsYou may opt-out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the
Google Advertising Opt-out Page.
You may opt-out of Google Analytics by visiting the
Google Analytics Opt-out Page.AcceptanceYour continued use of celestialcinema.io will be regarded as acceptance of our
practices around privacy and personal information.
If you have any questions
about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us
via email at: contact@celestialcinema.iovisit our YouTube channel >>Stay in touch on your favorite social networks:































Home
Blog
Toolkit
About
Privacy
TermsSite Design and Coding by Benjamin Patch
Copyright © 2020 Celestial Cinema LLCAll Rights Reserved
