
         Terms of Use The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:

The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only.
It is subject to change without notice.
This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences.
If you do allow cookies to be used, the following personal information may be stored by us for use by third parties.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose.
You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable.
It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us.
This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics.
Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trade marks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites.
These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information.
They do not signify that we endorse the website(s).
We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).


Privacy Policy
Before you continue using our website we advise you to read our privacy policy (linked at bottom) regarding our user data collection.
It will help you better understand our practices.

Copyright
Content published on this website (digital downloads, images, texts, graphics, logos) is the property of realvaladvertising.com and/or its content creators and protected by international copyright laws.
The entire compilation of the content found on this website is the exclusive property of realvaladvertising.com, with copyright authorship for this compilation by realvaladvertising.com.

Communications
The entire communication with us is electronic.
Every time you send us an email or visit our website, you are going to be communicating with us.
You hereby consent to receive communications from us.
If you subscribe to the news on our website, you are going to receive regular emails from us.
We will continue to communicate with you by posting news and notices on our website and by sending you emails.
You also agree that all notices, disclosures, agreements and other communications we provide to you electronically meet the legal requirements that such communications be in writing.

Comments, Reviews, and Emails
Visitors may post content as long as it is not obscene, illegal, defamatory, threatening, infringing of intellectual property rights, invasive of privacy or injurious in any other way to third parties.
Content has to be free of software viruses, political campaign, and commercial solicitation.
We reserve all rights (but not the obligation) to remove and/or edit such content.
When you post your content, you grant realvaladvertising.com non-exclusive, royalty-free and irrevocable right to use, reproduce, publish, modify such content throughout the world in any media.

License and Site Access
We grant you a limited license to access and make personal use of this website.
You are not allowed to download or modify it.
This may be done only with written consent from us.

User Account
If you are an owner of an account on this website, you are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your private user details (username and password).
You are responsible for all activities that occur under your account or password.
We reserve all rights to terminate accounts, edit or remove content and cancel orders in their sole discretion.
