
        The internet can be sketchy.
view our cookie policyacknowledgedYou need to enable JavaScript to run this app.Pre-Order from our next batch before they're sold out again!cookie policy

privacy policy
The Light Phone, Inc.
and its brands, including Light Phone and Light Phone II (collectively, “LIGHT”), are committed to preserving your privacy and safeguarding your sensitive information.
The following statements describe our general information-gathering and usage practices.

GENERAL


LIGHT follows all state and federal guidelines protecting customer information.
LIGHT does not target minors as customers, and does not intentionally collect information from people under 13 years of age.
Our sites may link to merchants and information sites.
Each of these sites has its own privacy practices and any information you share with these sites is subject to their policies and practices and is independent of LIGHT.
Our sites have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
This policy may be changed from time to time.
Please refer to the effective date of the policy to determine whether changes have been introduced.
To inquire about the content of such changes, or if you have any questions about this Privacy &amp.
Security Policy, the practices of LIGHT sites, or your dealings with our web sites, please contact:

Customer Service Team
19 Morris Ave.
Brooklyn, NY 11206
1 (833) 414-1033
support@thelightphone.com




INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE

LIGHT uses your e-mail address and/or site registration information to offer you special benefits and communicate with you in the future.
LIGHT may also share this information in order to provide you with service.
Over time we will want to communicate with you via e-mail to inform you about new features and content on our sites, to request your vote on donations distribution (if eligible), and to make you aware of our special bonus offers and other services.
You can opt out of receiving communications from us by following the opt-out instructions in our e-mails.
LIGHT tracks, on a non-opt-out basis, information on which site pages are being visited and how they are being used.
"Cookies" are bits of information that are stored by your browser on your hard drive.
This technology allows you to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site, and remembers you when you take action on our site.
LIGHT uses "cookies" to identify return visitors.
You can turn off the “cookie” function through most standard browsers.
LIGHT may place small pieces of computer code on our site pages and in our emails to facilitate personalized transactions.
Additional protections apply for certain information LIGHT collects and maintains about the telecommunications services you obtain from LIGHT and how you use those services.
This information is categorized by the federal government as Customer Proprietary Network Information or CPNI.
Specific laws govern LIGHT’s use and sharing of CPNI.
To protect the security of your credit card information, we use SSL software, which encrypts provided and transmitted information.
LIGHT retains customer name, address, phone number, email address, and product type information for historical purposes.
LIGHT stores individually-identifiable customer billing data for three years unless longer storage is needed for tax, business, accounting, or legal purposes.
LIGHT is committed to minimizing the data it collects and stores about how you use our telephone service.
LIGHT does not receive, store, or assign precise handset location information, in the course of providing telephone service.
LIGHT does not receive or store the content of customer communications sent using our services except customer communications directed to us for customer service purposes.
Whenever LIGHT handles information that you enter on its sites, regardless of where this occurs, we take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with the relevant Terms of Service and this Privacy &amp.
Security Policy.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, LIGHT cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk.
Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.




INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE



LIGHT does not sell, trade or release your e-mail address to outside third parties unless they are named partners on a given project or service partners subject to a non-disclosure agreement.
If LIGHT enters into a merger, acquisition, sale of all or a portion of its assets, or other transfer of assets in the unlikely event of insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership, your customer information will also be transferred as one of the business assets of LIGHT.
LIGHT and/or its third party providers may provide aggregate information such as the number of users who visit a particular linked site to other parties.
When you visit a LIGHT website, information on which site pages you visit and how you are using them, as well as your IP address, referring URL, type of device, browser, operating system, geolocation (including city and country), cookie information, internet service provider, and any order information may be collected and disclosed to a third party for the purpose of improving our website and services.
In the event of a judicial or governmental inquiry, LIGHT will release personally-identifiable information pursuant to a valid subpoena, summons, or court order.
Unless specifically prohibited by court order or statute, LIGHT will notify you in writing of the request prior to releasing such information.
LIGHT may release name and address information to a governmental entity if it in good faith believes that an emergency involving danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires disclosure, without delay.


Effective July 10, 2019

