
Back to The Button Box homepage Website Privacy Policy This is the website of The Button Box, Inc.

 P.O.
Box 372 42 Amherst Road Sunderland, MA 01375 Phone: +1 (413) 665-7793
You can reach us by e-mail from our Contact page. Information We Collect &amp.
How It Is Used Summary We collect only as much personal information as necessary in order to sell our products through a secure and functional website.
We do not track visitors to our website. Vimeo, Paypal, and Authorize.NET may track visitors, depending on how those visitors use our website (see 'Third Parties' below).
We keep only limited personal information associated with purchases.
We also keep some records of communications with customers.
We do not sell personal information. We do not share personal information except with our payment processors.
We will remove your personal information from our systems upon request.

We do not store full credit card numbers after a purchase. We are fully compliant with the stringent security standards of the PCI Data Security Standards. Personal information We keep personal information of people who buy merchandise in our online store.
This includes email addresses, telephone numbers, and shipping and billing addresses.
We use this information for contact purposes only, and we do not share this information with any other organizations. We do not send unsolicited emails.
We have an opt-in email list for customers who would like to know about new products or developments at our company.
If you give us your telephone number, we will only call you with information or questions regarding orders you have placed online.

We do not store credit card numbers except for the last 4 digits.
At any time, users may request that their personal information be removed from our systems.
Please contact us to make this request.
Note that we can only remove your data from our own systems.
You must contact Paypal, Authorize.NET, or Vimeo directly for any requests to be removed from their own systems. Our website The Button Box does not collect information on users who browse our website unless they make a purchase.
Javascript is used but not required for the functionality of certain elements of the website, including displaying detailed pictures of instruments.
We use some services hosted by Google for our site's display and functionality, and Google may use these functionalities to generate web analytics.
These services are not known to be used for tracking users. Cookies We do not use cookies to gather personal information from visitors to our site, and we do not use third-party cookies for tracking or advertising purposes.
Our e-commerce software uses a temporary cookie to keep track of items in the shopping cart, but this cookie is removed after checkout. Third parties Our website uses third-party service providers for some features: Vimeo for video playback and Paypal and Authorize.NET for payment processing.
Users can avoid Vimeo by avoiding video playback features in our website or by disabling third-party cookies.
Users who make a purchase must choose either Paypal or Authorize.NET as their payment method, but users can partially avoid these processors' web tracking by placing an order over the phone.
We use Authorize.NET for processing phone orders by credit card.
Additional details on each of these service providers:

Vimeo hosts demonstration videos of our instruments.
This service uses cookies for some functions, such as preserving your playback preferences across multiple videos.
Vimeo also generates analytics on users of their website, especially for those users who are account holders at Vimeo's own website.
See Vimeo's full privacy policy for details.
Please note, if you restrict third-party cookies in your browser, you may have difficulty viewing our videos on our website.
In that case, Vimeo will redirect you to their site for viewing.


Paypal is an optional payment method in our online store.
Paypal collects information on users in order "to fulfill our legal or regulatory obligations and for our business purposes" (quoting their own privacy policy).
Information they collect includes customer name, address, payment account information, and IP address, and this information is used to verify a customer's identity.
Paypal uses Google analytics and other forms of tracking of visitors to their website.
Users do not need to establish a Paypal account in order to use their service.
See their full privacy policy for additional details.

Authorize.NET is the payment gateway we use for credit card payments within our shopping cart software.
They collect data to support the secure processing of payments and verify cardholders' identity.
This includes customers' names, contact information, and payment information.
They may also collect information about the device used to access their services, including IP address.
See their full privacy policy for details.

These services should continue to function even if a user implements strong privacy settings in their device's browser. Data Security Our business complies with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS).
Our shopping cart software uses SSL encryption for receiving and transmitting customer information.
We do not store credit card numbers except for the last four digits.
For online credit card payments we use Authorize.NET, a payment gateway, or Paypal if customers so choose.
Both companies adhere to strict industry standards for payment processing, including: 128-bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology for secure Internet Protocol (IP) transactions.
Industry leading encryption hardware and software methods and security protocols to protect customer information.
and compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS).
For additional information regarding the privacy of your sensitive cardholder data, please read the privacy policies at Authorize.NET and Paypal. Changes to this policy Updated December, 2019 
Policy language updated to improve clarity and provide additional information.
No substantive changes to the policy itself.

