

Home
Tech News
Marketing
Production
Member Portal
 Subscribe Privacy Your privacy is extremely important to us.
🔒 Third party terms may apply (listed below) but when you visit our site:

No personal information is collected except for information you give when you subscribe 🛀
No information such as cookies are stored in the browser besides what's necessary to remember your preferences (such as analytics opt out) 🧠
No information is shared with, sent to, or sold to third-parties 🤝
No information is shared with advertising companies 🏭
No information is mined and harvested for personal and behavioral trends 👩‍🌾
No information is monetized 💲

We run an analytics script from Plausible.io to collect some anonymous usage data for statistical purposes.
The goal is to track overall trends in our website traffic, it is not to track individual visitors.
All the data is in aggregate only.
No personal data is collected.
For transparency, we make all the analytics data we can see public.
📊
Data collected includes websites that send us traffic (like DuckDuck Go or Google), pages on our site that are visited (such as this page), duration of the visits (how long you've read this), information from the devices (device type, operating system, country and browser) used during the visit and more.
🕸
Additionally, we use CloudFlare to help manage and mitigate security threats.
All traffic going between our site and you may go through their servers.
Read their Privacy Policy here.
We use a company called Ghost to host our website.
You can find their Privacy Policy here.Analytics Opt OutWant to be excluded from our analytics? Click the button below to toggle your exclusion in analytics for this site.
It's that easy! 🤜🤛 
Note, a cookie is required to set this preference.
🍪 You currently are notare excluding your visits.
Exclude my visits Data Protection and Data Deletion RequestsIf you'd like to request your data 🔢 be deleted (if you've signed up for an account) please contact our data protection officer: 🙂

Name: Mackenly Jones
Email: hello@tricitiesmediagroup.com
 The Church Factory © 2021 
Data &amp.
privacy
About
See our analytics
Contact
Contribute →
 Made with ♥ by Mackenly Jones 
      