
         Terms of Use 
Please Read the Following Terms and Conditions Carefully.
By using the pages in The Emergency Email Network &amp.
Wireless Network website, "this site" , emergencyemailnetwork.com and emergencyemail.org, or by providing your email address, you agree to these terms and conditions.
If you do not agree, you should not use the site or services or supply your email address.
Restrictions on UseExcept as otherwise indicated elsewhere in this publication, with respect to a particular portion, file, or document, any person is hereby authorized to view, copy, print, and distribute this document subject to the following conditions:
The document, site and services may be used for informational, non-commercial purposes only.Any copy of the document or portion thereof must include The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network Enotem, Inc.
copyright notice.
Some of the Services may include information sourced from the U.S.
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration/National Weather Service, such as (without limitation) severe weather alerts, which information is in the public domain and is not subject to copyright protection.

The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network reserves the right to revoke such authorization at any time, and any such use shall be discontinued immediately upon notice from The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network.
The text, layouts, graphics, and logos at The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network website or in print and those of any of The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network's related, affiliated, or subsidiary units, including chapters, cities, states and services regions, are protected by U.S.
copyright laws as applicable.


You agree that we may access 3rd party information that the business uses or shares with a service provider personal information of a consumer that is necessary to perform a business purpose

Restriction of Liability
The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network or its partners, sponsors or content providers will not be liable for any damages or injury caused by, including but not limited to, any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation of transmission, computer virus, or line failure.
The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network its partners, sponsors or content providers will not be liable for any damages or injury, including but not limited to, special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials in the website or contained in an email or a site which is linked to The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network website site, even if there is negligence on the part of The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network, its partners, sponsors or content providers.
or an authorized &nbsp.
representative, partner, sponsor or content provider has been advised of the possibility of such damages, or both.
The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you to the extent that applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages.
The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network total liability to you for all losses, damages, and causes of action (in contract, tort (including without limitation, negligence), or otherwise) will not be greater than the amount you paid to access The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network website.
This site may be linked to other sites which are not maintained by The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network.
The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network is not responsible for the content of those sites.
The inclusion of any link to such sites does not imply endorsement by The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network of the sites.
The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network makes no representations whatsoever about any other Website which you may access through this one.
The Emergency Email and Wireless Network reserves the right to block or remove wihtout notice any postings, links to external sites or any content from the site or its email service deemed objectionable at its sole discretion.
SubmissionsAll remarks, suggestions, ideas, graphics, or other information communicated to The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network through this site, by email or in writing&nbsp.
(collective, the "Submission") will forever be the property of The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network.&nbsp.
The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network will not be required to treat any Submission as confidential, and will not be liable for any ideas for its business (including without limitation, product, or advertising ideas) and will not incur any liability as a result of any similarities that may appear in future The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network operations.
The&nbsp.
Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network will be entitled to use the Submission for any commercial or other purpose whatsoever, without compensation to you or any other person sending the Submission.
You acknowledge that you are responsible for whatever material you submit, and you, not The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network, have full responsibility for the message, including its legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality, and copyright.
DisclaimerThe material in this site could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors.
The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network may make changes or improvements at any time.
The Materials in this site are provided "AS IS" and without warranties of any kind either expressed or implied, to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network disclaims all warranties or merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network does not warrant that the functions contained in the material will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components.
The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use of or the result of the use of the material in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise.
The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse work force.
The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network affiliates each hire their own employees and establish their own terms and conditions of employment.
To be considered for a posted job opportunity, you must submit an application or resume.
This publication is distributed internationally and may contain references to The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network, the International Emergency Email Network (IEMN), and other Emergency Email Network services, products, and programs that are not in your country.
These references do not imply that The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network, the International Emergency Email Network, or other Emergency Email Network affiliates intend to announce or provide the programs, products, or services in your country.
TerminationThe Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network or you may terminate this agreement at any time by (a.) destroying all materials obtained from all The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network sites, and (b) at such time that your identifiable information&nbsp.
has been removed from the Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network email list.&nbsp.
The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network may terminate this agreement immediately without notice if, in its sole judgment, you breach any term or condition of this agreement.
Upon termination, you must destroy all materials.
MiscellaneousThese Terms and Conditions will be governed and be interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of Florida, United States of America, notwithstanding any principles of conflicts of law.
If any part of these Terms and Conditions is unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
Possible evidence of use of this site for illegal purposes will be provided to law enforcement authorities.
This is the entire agreement between the parties relating to the use of this site.
The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network can revise these Terms and Conditions at any time by updating this posting on The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network website.
Information on The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network Website, or those of any of The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network's related, affiliated, or subsidiary units, including affiliated city, state services regions, is provided with the understanding that The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network is not rendering professional advice or recommendations.
You should not rely on any information on these pages to replace consultations with qualified professionals to meet your individual needs.
Trademark Information The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network as well as derivations containing The Emergency Email &amp.
Wireless Network name including Internet domain names are federally protected marks of The Emergency Email Network, Inc.
(see United States Code, Title 18, Section 706).
All other trademarks displayed on this site or through links to other sites are the property of the respective trademark owners.
September 19, 1999 with updates thru 2020
