
         My News Personalise your news feed by choosing your favourite topics of interest Get Started No Thanks Create your own newsfeed Choose 3 or more topics that you want to see.
Irish News Politics International Opinion Living Family Technology Business GAA Soccer Rugby MMA Watercooler Going Out Screens Quizzes Change Generation Create my newsfeed Advertisement #Open journalism No news is bad news  Your contributions will help us continue to deliver the stories that are important to you  Support The Journal Contribute : Support us now Dublin: 7°C Tuesday 4 May 2021 
 Irish News 
 FactCheck 
 Voices 
 The Good Information Project 
 Covid-19 


Newsletters
Podcasts
More


Close
 Weekly Podcast The Explainer The Explainer is a weekly podcast from TheJournal.ie that takes a deeper look at one big news story you need to know about.
Listen now wherever you get your podcasts Newsletters : Sign Up 
Morning Memo
Coronavirus
Brexit
The Evening Fix
 Sections &amp.
Topics 
International
Family
Politics
Property
Culture
Home
Business
 Partner Publications The42 The latest Irish and international sports news for readers and members Noteworthy A platform helping fund the type of in-depth journalism that the public wants to see Support The Journal Cookies and Privacy Policy 
Introduction

This notice directs users to information and choices about cookies and informs our users about the privacy and security of personal data.

Cookies

Our Sites use different types of cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising.
To review or change your cookie consent choices please see our Cookies Preference Centre.
Cookie Preferences


Third Party Cookies

These cookies are set by entities other than the owner of the website you’re visiting.
We use third parties to deliver various services in our Sites.
For example, we use Cloudflare for spam detection (more information).
Google for audience analytics, ad serving and targeting (more information).
We also use Facebook and Twitter for social logins.
These service providers use cookies, Journal Media does not control these cookies.
You can find information about their cookies policies below:


Google (Advertising, Analytics, Notifications, Cloud Storage)


Mailchimp (e-mail services)


Twitter (Social Media Authentication)


Facebook (Social Media Authentication and Targeted Marketing)


Clickatell (SMS verification)


Typeform (Surveys and forms)


New Relic, Bugsnag (Error logs)


Amazon AWS (Cloud computing)



Website Analytics and Performance Cookies

We use Google Analytics to help us understand how visitors engage with our Sites.
Google Analytics uses cookies to store non-personally identifiable information.
You can find out more in Analytics cookies and privacy information.

Personalised Advertising and Targeting Cookies

Personalisation of ads improves the relevance of the adverts you see and the value these ads create for advertisers.
This helps fund our Sites, keeping our free services.
We can not identify you from personalising ads.
Advertisers may use third parties’ technology to target an ad.
These third parties may use information they collected from your use of other websites to create an ad profile that informs the ads they show you.
If you are primarily concerned about third party cookies generated by advertisers, you can manage your preferences by going to https://www.youronlinechoices.com/ie/.
If you want to switch off all advertising targeting cookies you can do that from our Cookies Preference Centre by clicking the button "Cookie preferences" button above.

Controlling individual cookies

You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish through your browser.
You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed.
You can manage your cookies preferences directly in individual browsers here:


Mozilla Firefox


Internet Explorer


Google Chrome


Opera


Safari


If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.
You can learn in greater detail about cookies and how to manage them here:
https://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies

Privacy


Introduction

Journal Media Limited is committed to protecting your Personal Data.
This Privacy Notice applies to your use of the websites and applications: TheJournal.ie, The42, Noteworthy.ie (each, a “Site”) and sets out how we collect, use and protect your personal data.
If you do not agree with the data practices described in this Privacy Notice, please do not use the Sites.
We comply with Data Protection Law and this Notice applies to the personal data collected, processed and stored by us through your use of a Site.
Under Data Protection Law, personal data is information that identifies you as an individual or is capable of doing so.
For the purposes of Data Protection Law, we are the data controller of your Personal Data.
You will find our contact details in the “Contact us” section below.

How we gather data and Personal Data

We gather data from your use of a Site for example through the use of cookies.
We are not able to identify you from this data.
You can find out how we use cookies and how to change your preferences by clicking the “Cookie Preference Centre” button above.
We gather Personal Data when you have logged in with a social media account or when you have provided us with Personal Data for example by contacting us via email or through the Site.

What kinds of Personal Data do we collect?

We receive and store information you enter on a Site or give us in any other way, including when registering for a commenting account, installing an application, subscribing to a mailing list, making a purchase, as well as provided in your comments and requests.
If, during your use of a Site, you log in with your social media account we will collect your social media account details as well as the name and e-mail address associated to that social media account (if available).
If, during your use of a Site, you post comments, we will keep a record of your commenting history.
The Sites create a user profile when you install an application.
We will collect or process data you provide to us in the course of creating or updating a user profile.
This information will vary but typically includes your device ID, the versions of our apps you have installed on your device, your reading interests in our Sites.
Our Sites offer location based features.
When you enable these features we ask for your permission to access location data.
We do not track your location.
If, during your use of a Site, you sign up to notifications or e-mail newsletters, we will also collect your preferences.
If you purchase goods we will collect your shipping address, order contact, payment method and purchase history.

Legal basis for processing

Given the varied functionality of each Site we rely on the following legal bases under Data Protection Law in processing your Personal Data:
Legal Basis
Example
Performance of a contract
We will process your Personal Data to the extent required to deliver the service requested.
Compliance with legal obligations
We may need to disclose Personal Data to comply with a request from law enforcement, or other government agencies or court order.
Legitimate interests
We may need to disclose Personal Data in the event of a complaint or legal action arising from any comment or content posted by that user.

How we may use your Personal Data

Except as disclosed in this Privacy Notice, we will not disclose Personal Data that we collect to any parties other than those with whom we partner or are affiliated with, without your consent.
Except as disclosed below, we will not sell, share, trade, rent, or give away your Personal Data.
We may use your Personal Data to process any requests made by you for example, to create a user account, subscribe to a mailing list or make a complaint about a comment/post, respond to your inquiry, and communicate with you when necessary to provide customer service and/or follow-up information related to the Site.
We may also use information you provide to communicate with you about your interest in our events and our company, to help us improve, operate and enhance your experience on a Site, to promote our events, notify you about important functionality changes to a Site, new services, and special offers we think you will find valuable, to tailor advertisements, content, and other aspects of your experience on and in connection with a Site, for other administrative purposes, to prevent or detect abuses of our terms of use, and to enable third-parties to carry out technical or other functions on our behalf as well as any other purpose that we may disclose to you at the point at which we request your Personal Data.
We may combine non-personal information that you provide with supplemental information (including mailing address updates and demographic data) that we obtain from public sources or reputable third-parties.
Information combined with personally identifiable information becomes, and is treated as, Personal Data under this Privacy Notice.
When you contact us, we may request your affirmative, positive consent to use your contact information for marketing or other business purposes.
In the event you do not consent to the use of your contact information for marketing or other business purposes, your data will not be used for those purposes.
If you provide your consent but subsequently do not wish to receive notifications about related opportunities,, you will be able to modify your preferences by following the instructions on any marketing correspondence.

Other websites

The Site interfaces social media websites such as Facebook and Twitter, and may use social media plugins (e.g., the “Share on Facebook” button, '"Tweet This"' button) to facilitate social media functions.
If you are a member of a social media platform or website, and log in to such social media or platform, the interfaces may allow the social media platform or website to connect your visit to a Site to your Personal Data.
The social media plugins also may allow the social media website to share information about your activities on a Site with other users of their social media platform.
We have no control over the information that other websites or social media websites or plugins collect, store, or use.
Before you choose to access other websites from a Site or “like” or share information from a Site through any social media platform or website, please be certain that you review the privacy notice of that social media platform or website.
Noteworthy funds proposals through a third party site, GoFundMe.com.
Please be aware that donors names are published unless you request that your donation be kept anonymous.
More information on donating anonymously through GoFundMe.com can be found here.
GoFundMe Privacy Policy can be found here.

Do we disclose Personal Data to anyone else?

We disclose customer information to third parties only when it is necessary as part of business practices or when there is a legal or statutory obligation to do so.
Whenever we disclose customer information to third parties, we will only disclose that amount of information necessary to meet such business need or legal requirement.
Third parties that receive customer information from us must satisfy us as to the measures taken to protect the personal data such parties receive, in accordance with Data Protection Law and as stated in this Privacy Notice.
Appropriate measures will be taken to ensure that all such disclosures or transfers of customer information to third parties will be completed in a secure manner and pursuant to contractual safeguards.
We may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf, including processing credit card payments, marketing, and providing analytics assistance.
From time to time, we may also share Personal Data or non-personally identifiable information with third-parties that we have engaged to perform certain services in connection with the operation of certain aspects of a Site, including to customise, deliver, measure, analyse, improve and support our services, content, advertising and layout, your interaction with those aspects, and to deliver more relevant messages and advertisements to you.
These third-party service providers are authorised to use Personal Data only if needed to perform their functions on our behalf and are required to maintain the security of your personal information.

Third Parties we work with

The following is the list of companies we work with and may process data on our behalf.
We include links to their privacy policy (available at the time of writing) for convenience:

 Google (Advertising, Analytics, Notifications, Office Software and Cloud Storage)  Mailchimp (e-mail services)  Twitter and Linkedin (Social Media Authentication)  Facebook (Social Media Authentication and Targeted Marketing)  Clickatell (SMS verification)  Stripe, Paypal (Payments)  Typeform (Surveys and forms)  Shopify (e-Commerce)  New Relic, Bugsnag (Error logs)  Amazon AWS (Cloud computing)  Pipedrive (CRM) 
We may also change our ownership or corporate organisation while providing a Site.
As a result, we may transfer your information to another company that is affiliated with us, with which we have merged, or which has acquired all or some of our assets.
We will advise you if such a change of ownership or change of corporate structure takes place and we will update this Privacy Notice accordingly.
We may provide information, when obliged to do so under Data Protection Law and in response to properly made requests, for example, for the purpose of the prevention and detection of crime, and the apprehension or prosecution of offenders.
We may also provide information for the purpose of safeguarding national security.
In the case of any such disclosure, we will do so only in accordance with Data Protection Law.
We may also provide information when required to do so by law, for example under a court order, and may transfer data to legal counsel where same is necessary for the defence of legal claims.
We may also disclose Personal Data in connection with any complaint regarding your use of the Site.
For example, in the event of a complaint or legal action arising from a comment or content posted.

How long do we keep Personal Data?

The period for which we retain information varies according to the use of that information.
In some cases, there are legal requirements to keep data for a minimum period of time.
Unless specific legal requirements dictate otherwise, we will retain information no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the data were collected and processed (as described above).
User profiles may include personal data, for example when linked to a social media account.
This information will be held for as long as you hold a user profile.
Following the termination of a user profile we will retain the profile information for a period of up to two years.
Personal data collected from commenting will be kept for the lifetime of the article commented on.
Personal data submitted through participating in surveys will be kept for up to two years then aggregated (whereby the data is no longer personal data) and/or anonymised.
Following termination of the Terms of Use of a Site, your Personal Data shall continue to be retained for a period of seven years from the date of termination in accordance with Irish statutory limitation periods.

How do We protect data about you when or if it is transferred out of Europe?

Each Site is published in Ireland and is governed by Data Protection Law and Irish law.
We do not transfer any Personal Data outside of the EEA.
However, certain third parties providing services to our Sites may transfer data outside of the EEA for example, for storage purposes.
These third parties include, for example, Google, New Relic and Bugsnag.
If this changes at any point in the future, this Privacy Notice will be updated to take account of this change.
We only engage reputable third parties that provide appropriate safeguards, and on condition that enforceable data subject rights and effective legal remedies for data subjects are available.

How you can exercise your rights in respect of Personal Data we hold about you

We shall vindicate all your rights under Data Protection Law.
These rights are as follows:


your right to withdraw your consent to the processing of Personal Data at any time


your right to request from us access to personal data and to have any incorrect personal data rectified


your right to the restriction of processing concerning you or to object to processing


your right to have your personal data transferred to another service provider


your right to have personal data erased (where appropriate)


information on the existence of automated decision-making, if any, as well as meaningful information about the logic involved, its significance and its envisaged consequences


Vindication of your rights shall not affect any rights which we may have under Data Protection Law.

Exercising your rights, managing information and opting out

You may update or change information related to your account by updating the social media account linked to your profile, or by sending us an e-mail at privacy@thejournal.ie.
You may request that your information be removed from a Site by e-mailing us at the address provided above.
You may also unsubscribe from our marketing communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of our e-mails.
You can update or correct your Personal Data, remove it from our system or exercise any of your rights by making a request to us at the contact information provided below.
If for some reason access is denied, we will provide an explanation of why access has been denied.
We will confirm your request within 21 days of receipt, and process your request within 30 days of receipt.

How does a Site protect personal information about you?

We employ reasonable appropriate administrative, technical, personnel procedural and physical measures to safeguard Personal Data against loss, theft and unauthorised uses access, uses or modifications.
Security and testing are performed on systems containing personal data to verify control effectiveness.
Security of these systems are monitored continuously.
While we try our best to safeguard your information once we receive it, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer.
Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer

How can you make a complaint about the Use of Personal Data?

Complaints on the use, retention and disposal of personal data can submitted via email to privacy@thejournal.ie.
As a user of a Site you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Commission.

Review

This policy will be reviewed and updated from time to time to consider changes in the law and the experience of the policy in practice.
Any and all changes will be advised to customers and, if necessary, we will obtain your consent prior to applying any changes to any Personal Data collected from you prior to the date the change becomes effective.
Your continued use of a Site after such changes will be subject to the then-current policy.
We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Notice to stay informed about how we collect, use, and disclose personal information.

Contact information

If you have questions about this Privacy Notice or our treatment of the information provided to us, please contact us at: Name: Journal Media Limited ATTN: Data Protection Officer Address: 4th Floor Latin Hall, Golden Lane, Dublin 8 E-mail: privacy@thejournal.ie  Download the TheJournal.ie for the iPhone, iPad and iPod From The42 Italian Job Jose Mourinho to take over as manager of Roma next season Fallout Father of Tyler Toland hits back at 'ludicrous' Vera Pauw claims and calls on FAI to intervene No Luck Snyman to undergo 'minor procedure' after setback in recovery from knee injury 
Most Popular
Most Commented
 Most Popular Most viewed articles in the past 24 hours RIP Tributes paid to Irish businesman Denis Lynn who died in quad bike crash daily stats Coronavirus: No new deaths and 453 new cases as Ireland hits over 250,000 infections to date Howth Junction Assault investigation launched after woman falls between platform and Dart at Howth Junction station Microsoft Bill and Melinda Gates announce they are ending their marriage Your Say Poll: Would you travel to the North to buy cheaper drink? Most Commented Most commented articles in the past 3 days latest figures Coronavirus: Three further deaths and 569 new cases confirmed in Ireland Heartbreak O'Gara returns to haunt Leinster's European dream yet again MUFC Manchester United-Liverpool postponed after fans storm Old Trafford pitch Mental Health Psychiatrists say cannabis is 'gravest threat' to youth mental health Northern Ireland People on both sides of the border ‘not prepared to foot united Ireland bill’ - poll Download the TheJournal.ie Android App Trending Opinions Money Diaries: An IT consultant on €126K living and working in London  TheJournal.ie reader This week, our reader is busy managing family time along with long working hours.
Opinion: Jerusalem expulsions are a microcosm of Israel’s apartheid – justice requires action Fatin Al Tamimi Chairperson of the Ireland-Palestine Solidarity Campaign Fatin Al Tamimi says international governments cannot ignore Israeli settlements any longer.
Minister Anne Rabbitte: 'The voice at the end of the line told me to back down or they'd come for me' Anne Rabbitte The Fianna Fáil TD for Galway East describes the highs and worrying lows of life as a woman in Irish politics.
∞ About Us 
About Us
We're Hiring!
Contact Us
Advertise With Us
 Follow Us 
Twitter
Facebook
 Corrections 
Report Content
 Policies 
 Terms of Use 
 Cookies &amp.
Privacy 
Advertising
Comments
Copyright
Competition

Content copyright © Journal Media Ltd.
2021 Registered in Dublin, registration number: 483623.
Registered office: 3rd floor, Latin Hall, Golden Lane, Dublin 8.


TheJournal.ie
 supports the work of the Press Council of Ireland and the Office of the Press Ombudsman, and our staff operate within the Code of Practice.
You can obtain a copy of the Code, or contact the Council, at www.presscouncil.ie, PH: (01) 6489130, Lo-Call 1890 208 080 or email: info@presscouncil.ie &nbsp.

Please note that TheJournal.ie uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising.
For more information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy.
News images provided by Press Association and Photocall Ireland unless otherwise stated.
Irish sport images provided by Inpho Photography unless otherwise stated.
Wire service provided by Associated Press.
Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences.
Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Journal Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available.
Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites.
 Switch to Mobile Site 
Sites: TheJournal.ie | Noteworthy | The42 | Boards.ie | Adverts.ie | Daft.ie  Please log in to comment 




 RSS feeds available here: TheJournal.ie Latest News Feed Report an error, omission or problem: Message: Your Email (optional) Submit Create Email Alert Create an email alert based on the current article Email Address One email every morning As soon as new articles come online Submit Cookies Preference CenterWhen you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies.
This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to.
The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalised web experience.
Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies.
Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings.
However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More informationAllow All Manage Consent PreferencesNecessary CookiesAlways ActiveThese cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems.
They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.
You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site.
They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
If you do not allow these cookies we will not be able to monitor our performance.Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation.
They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.
If you do not allow these cookies then these services may not function properly.Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners.
They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.
They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device.
If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.Back Button BackVendor Search Search IconFilter IconClear checkbox label labelApply CancelConsent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label
33Acrosshost descriptionView Cookies
Namecookie name




33AcrossView Privacy Notice
 Confirm My ChoicesYour Cookies.
Your Choice.At TheJournal.ie we use cookies to help provide our news service while also enabling the advertising needed to fund this work.


We categorise cookies as Necessary, Performance (used to analyse the site performance) and Targeting (used to target advertising which helps us keep this service free).


You can choose to 'accept all' cookies below or to only opt in to what you are happy to accept using 'manage cookies'.
You can also change your cookie settings at any time and learn more about how we use cookies in ourPrivacy Policy.Cookies Settings Accept All
      