
         Notice: At approximately 10 AM US Mountain time on Tuesday, May 4, 2021, the server will be taken offline for hardware maintenance.
All sites will be down for at least a couple of hours.
Additional details will be posted here as needed.
Wiki Sprites Models Textures Sounds Login VGFacts DidYouKnowGaming? ☰ Hello, Guest! (Login|Register) Register today to join in with discussions on the forum, post comments on the site, and upload your own sheets! ☰ Home - Search - Forums - About - Stats - Comments - Contact Sprites Models Textures Sounds Home Search Forums Wiki About FAQ Stats Comments Contact User Agreement Privacy Policy Social Links Discord Twitter Facebook User Links Login Follow Us! Consoles 3DS
Arcade
Custom / Edited
DS / DSi
Game Boy / GBC
Game Boy Advance
GameCube
Genesis / 32X / SCD
Master System
Mobile
Neo Geo / NGCD
NES
Nintendo 64
Nintendo Switch
PC / Computer
PlayStation
PlayStation 2
PlayStation 3
PlayStation 4
PlayStation Vita
PSP
SNES
Wii
Wii U
Xbox 360
Other Systems 3DO
Acorn Electron
Adventure Vision
Amiga / Amiga CD32
Amstrad CPC
Apple II
Atari
Atari ST
Bally Astrocade
BBC Micro
Browser Games
CD-i
ColecoVision
Commodore 16
Commodore 64
COMX-35
Cybiko
Dreamcast
Elektronika Calculators
Emerson Arcadia 2001
FM Towns
FM-7
Game Gear
Game Master
Game.com
Intellivision
Jaguar
LCD Handhelds
LeapFrog Didj
Leapster
Lynx
Mega Duck
MSX / MSX2
N-Gage
NEC PC-8801
NEC PC-9801
Neo Geo Pocket
Nokia Series 40/60
Odyssey²
Pico
Plug &amp.
Play
Pokémon Mini
RCA Studio II
Saturn
SG-1000
Sharp MZ
Sharp X1
Sharp X68000
Super A'Can
Super Cassette Vision
Supervision
TI-83
TI-99
TurboGrafx-16
V.Smile
Vectrex
Virtual Boy
Visicom COM-100
WonderSwan / WSC
Xbox
ZX Spectrum Genres Action
Action RPG
Action-Adventure
Action-Platformer
Adventure
Beat 'em Up
Board / Card Game
Educational
Fighting
Horror
Music
Platformer
Puzzle
Racing
Shoot 'em Up
Shooter
Simulation
Sports
Strategy
Turn-Based RPG
Visual Novel
Other Advertisement Privacy Policy The VG Resource cares about your privacy:
• We will never rent or sell your personally identifiable information to third parties for marketing purposes.• We will not share your contact information with another user without your consent.• We will make a reasonable effort to secure your information in our databases with industry-standard technologies.
If we change our privacy policy, we will notify you by sending the changes to you, or publishing the changes on our site.
Information Collection
RegistrationIn order to become a member of The VG Resource, you must provide us with a valid email address, an identitying name ("username"), and a password.
If you were invited to The VG Resource by another member, we will also record who sent you the original invitation.
InvitationsIf you invite another person to become a member of The VG Resource, we will send that person an email with a personalized invitation from you.
This email will contain your email address.
To confirm that invitations are accepted by the intended individual, we maintain a record of the email addresses of the sender and recipient of invitations.
We do not use this information for any purpose other than verifying invitation acceptance.
ProfileThe VG Resource allows you to personalize your profile page.
You may include information such as an avatar to represent yourself, a signature to close off all posts made on the forums, or other descriptions.
Any information you place in your profile is publicly viewable by other users of The VG Resource unless set to private or otherwise stated.
All profile information may be deleted or modified by you.
Aside from our backup files, we do not maintain records of your deleted information.
We do not share any profile information with other companies that includes any of your personally-identifying information.
Instant MessengersYou may include information such as your identity in instant-messaging services within The VG Resource.
This information is purely optional.
If you provide this information, other members of The VG Resource will be able to contact you through these instant-messenger services by clicking on the appropriate links on your profile page.
If you do not wish them to do so, you may delete this information at any time.
Email ContactYou may also choose to allow other members of The VG Resource to contact you via email.
If you do, members will be able to fill out a form to send a message to your email address.
Your email address is not disclosed to them when this happens, but they may learn your address if you choose to respond.
By the same token, if you send an email to another member who has enabled the email contact option, your email address will be revealed to them.
You may enable or disable the "contact via email" option at any time.
CookiesThe VG Resource depends on cookies to maintain sessions with our users, to enable you to resume your login on subsequent visits, and to store other pieces of information that are necessary for the proper operation and customization of our applications.
We also use cookies through third-party vendors to serve ads.
These cookies enable our partners to serve ads based on your visit to this site and/or other sites on the internet.
We do not directly provide any information we have collected to facilitate this process.
LogsWe maintain logs that record the Internet Protocol (IP) address of all incoming connections, the pages that visitors view, database queries performed, and the parts of applications that are utilized.
We use this information to understand usage patterns and to improve our service.
We do not share this information with any other parties.
AdvertisementsWe may include advertisements on The VG Resource for services or products we offer, as well as services and products offered by other parties.
These advertisements may target a particular set of users (for example, those who have expressed interest in RPG games might receive more advertisements related to RPGs).
We do not provide any personally-identifying information to the advertising servers or agencies that display these advertisements.
Information Use
The VG Resource includes services that are intended to help users form and maintain friendships with other users.
As such, the information you provide is intended to describe yourself to other users.
Any information that you provide that does not personally identify you (such as usage patterns, information about pages you visit, and so forth) may be used by The VG Resource for any reason, in its sole discretion.
The VG Resource may contact you with newsletters, promotional information, or other things relating to the service.
You may opt-out of this communication by unchecking the appropriate email contact option in your account information.
You may still receive contact from us regarding the proper functioning and/or security of your account regardless of this setting.
Information Sharing
We will never rent or sell your personally identifiable information to third parties for any reason.

When you customize your profile on The VG Resource, you are making this information publicly available.
You can always delete the information you provide, but it is possible that some of this information might be retained by third-party search engines.
We may provide aggregate information, such as demographic, psychographic, and page viewing preference information to third parties as we deem appropriate.
This information will never contain personally-identifying information.
When you send instant-messages or emails to other members through the service, your own instant-messaging information and email contact information will be provided to those members.
Any further communication between yourself and that member is subject to whatever privacy and security functions are present within your email and instant-messaging programs.
If you have questions or comments about the The VG Resource privacy policy, please feel free to contact us using the designated contact page.
GDPR and CCPA
Visitors and members from the EU and California are protected by local laws which allow opting out of much (though not all - by creating an account, you are consenting to sharing information required for registration with us) of the above information collection.
As we do not sell your information, we do not limit information requests or requests for deletion of data to only the EU and California though per those regulations, EU visitors are presented with a notification with the ability to opt out and California visitors are provided a link in the footer for the same reason.
All other members and visitors can contact us directly with any questions, concerns, or requests regarding your privacy and account information.
With all of that said, depending on your browser settings, your information may still be used for advertising purposes.
This information is not stored on our servers and we do not have any control over its use.
Refer to the privacy options in your browser for additional details.
This page does not work well in portrait mode on mobile.
Please rotate your device.

Site Network
The VG Resource
The Spriters Resource
The Models Resource
The Textures Resource
The Sounds Resource


Popular Games
Sonic the Hedgehog C...
Mario Customs
Undertale
Fire Emblem: Heroes
Super Mario World


Affiliates
Sprite Database
Sprites Inc.
Retro Game Zone
Mario Fan Game Galaxy
Videogame Sprites


About
About
Contact Us
Staff
FAQ
Advertising


Legal
By use of this site, youagree to abide by theUser Agreement.
Privacy Policy
RSS Feed
 © 2003-2021, The VG Resource © 2003-2021, The VG Resource Revise Report Switch to Dark Theme Switch to Text Mode Click to show NSFW Content Click to toggle list of pending sheets Click for a random sheet! We use cookies and other data collection technologies to provide the best experience for our customers.
You may request that your data not be shared with third parties here: Do Not Sell My Data.
XActivisionLoading Ad 
 00:00/01:01 LIVE 
      