
Please be advised that your use of theguardianlegalgroup.com and/or getguardianlegal.com and any personal information you provide through these sites are subject at all times to the following Privacy Policy.
By using these sites, you accept the following Privacy Policy.
Automatically Identifiable Information: When you access theguardianlegalgroup.com and/or getguardianlegal.com, we may send one or more cookies to your computer.
We use these cookies to identify prior users and track usage of the site.
You can remove these cookies and modify your browser’s settings at any time to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is sent.
We may also automatically record certain information from your system including your IP address, a unique device or User ID, version of software installed, system type, the content and pages that you access on the site and the dates and times that you visit site.
We use this information for analytical purposes and to help us improve our site and our business in general.
We may provide this information to affiliates and/or third parties to assist us in improving these functions.
Personally Identifiable Information: The Guardian Legal Group only collects personally identifiable information that is voluntarily provided to us by users.
The personally identifiable information that users voluntarily provide to The Guardian Legal Group may be used by The Guardian Legal Group and our affiliates, including contracted third-parties for administrative purposes.
for authentication purposes.
to properly operate, maintain and provide you with the features and functionality of the site.
to present you with promotions, advertisements and opportunities which may be of interest to you via direct mail, email, phone, text, or sms;&nbsp.
to enable our affiliates and to assist us in operating, maintaining and providing our services and products to you via direct mail, email, phone, text, or sms.
to enable us to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts/subscriptions entered into with you.
to notify you about changes to the Privacy Policy or the Disclaimer, site or service.
to investigate and help prevent potentially unlawful activities that threaten the integrity of the site or The Guardian Legal Group technology.
to investigate allegations of fraud or violations of our Privacy Policy .
to enforce or apply our rights under the Privacy Policy or Service Agreement.
to protect the rights, property, or safety of any of our clients or others.
to improve the quality and design of the site and to create new features, promotions, functionality, and services by storing, tracking, and analyzing your preferences and trends.
and/for marketing and business purposes.
The Guardian Legal Group reserves the right to rent, sell, share or transfer your personal information to third parties for any legally permissible purpose in its sole discretion.
Information Security: The Guardian Legal Group maintains our systems in accordance with commercially reasonable industry standards to preserve the integrity and security of your personally identifiable information under our control.&nbsp.
We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk.
Please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
Third Party Sites: theguardianlegalgroup.com and/or getguardianlegal.com may include links or references to other websites or services.
These linked sites are provided for your convenience and for information purposes only.&nbsp.
The Guardian Legal Group is not responsible for the privacy practices of such sites.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected via theguardianlegalgroup.com and/or getguardianlegal.com.
Opting Out: The Guardian Legal Group only collects information that is voluntarily provided to us by you.
When provided us with this information, you may “opt-out” of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes at any time.&nbsp.
You may decline to provide personal information to us and/or refuse cookies in your browser.
Should you no longer wish to receive newsletters and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication or by emailing us at the address listed at the end of this Privacy Policy.
&nbsp.
You may continue to receive email communications from us up to ten business days from the time we receive your unsubscribe request.
Please note that The Guardian Legal Group can only control its own mailing list and policies.
Third-party advertisers that maintain their own mailing lists may send communications that advertise our services, and you may need to contact these parties directly in order to stop receiving their communications.
For additional questions regarding our Privacy Policy and Disclaimer, please email:&nbsp.
info@getguardianlegal.com
