
         Privacy policy To make your The Old Reader experience enjoyable we have to obtain some information about you.
We take your privacy very seriously and are 100% transparent about the ways we use your data.
Information that we access
Information that you make available to us depends on login type that you use to access The Old Reader.
Facebook

We get your name and e-mail address.
We use them to authorize you and to send you email notifications that you can enable in your profile settings;
We get list of your friends.
We use it to help you find fellow The Old Reader users among them;
The Old Reader can post your shared items to your Facebook timeline, but only if you enabled the corresponding option in your profile settings.

Google

We get your name and e-mail address.
We use them to authorize you and to send you email notifications that you can enable in your profile settings;
The Old Reader has full access to your contact list.
We only need to read it to help you find fellow The Old Reader users among your contacts, however Google provides no way to request read-only access to your contacts using oauth API.
We will never alter your contact list in any way, we promise;
If you decide to import your subscriptions from Google Reader directly, we ask you for your Google account credentials.
The credentials are not stored in The Old Reader and are only used once to import your feeds.

Public information
The following information is visible for everyone:


your shared items (excluding comments);
list of your followers and people your follow;
link to your Facebook profile (if you enabled the corresponding option in your profile settings).

When you "like" a post, your name is getting added to list of users who liked it, and that list is visible for all users who see that post.
However, there is no straightforward way for other users to get a list of all posts you liked.


Credit Card Information
For those that sign up for our premium service, your credit card information and email is sent directly to our payment processor Stripe.
At no period in time is the card number transferred to our servers.
You can view the Stripe privacy policy here. Connect Deeper to the Things You Care About Sign Up Sign Up
Sign In
Product Tour
Apps
Contact Us

 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Blog Privacy policy | Terms of Service © 2012-2021 The Old Reader Sign Up &nbsp.
Sign In 
      