
This website aims to meet level “AA” of the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0 (WCAG 2.0).&nbsp.
We strive to keep this website accessible as it grows and changes.
Below is a summary of the WCAG 2.0 guidelines this site follows.
1.3.1: Info and Relationships.
Information is structured and relationships between them are conveyed correctly in the markup language.
1.3.2: Meaningful Sequence.
Our content displays correctly in all screen readers programmatically.
1.3.3: Sensory Characteristics Any place where there is a video or a form there are clear instructions on how to play and submit the form on the website.
1.4.1: Use of Color.
The site uses words to convey the importance or severity of content on the site as well as colors.
1.4.2: Audio Control.
Audio controls exist on all pages where audio is embedded.
Audio can also be stopped by screen readers and as a browser control.
1.4.3: Contrast (Minimum).
All color combinations meet the AA requirements.
A feature on all pages allows users to further adjust contrast.
1.4.4: Resize text.
A feature on all pages allows user to change text size.
2.1.1: Keyboard.
The large majority of content can be tabbed through in the proper order using the tab key.
We are working to improve this.
2.1.2: No Keyboard Trap.
Using the tab key the focus can be removed from any form field.
2.4.1: Bypass Blocks.
You can tab through all content on the site and can be used as a method of bypassing and or skipping content.
2.4.2: Page Titled.
All pages have a title that describes topic and purpose.
2.4.3: Focus Order.
The large majority of tab indexes follow a logical path preserving meaning and operability.
We are wokring to improve this.
2.4.4: Link Purpose (In Context).
Links are descriptive, we do not use links that use words like “Click here” but rather we use descriptive titles and alt tags.
2.4.5: Multiple Ways for a page to be displayed.
All of the pages use adaptable layouts.
2.4.6: Headings and Labels.
Headings are descriptive.
2.4.7: Focus Visible on form fields.
A focus ring appears on all elements as one tabs through the site.
3.1.1: Language of Page.
Each page has the default language set for screen reader capabilities.
3.1.2: Language of Parts.
Language settings have been identified for screen reader purposes.
3.2.1: Dynamic content change, on focus.
Dynamic content changes on focus.
3.2.3: Consistent Navigation.
All navigation systems appear in consistent locations throughout the site.
3.2.4: Consistent Identification of sub navigation items.
Our website identifies consistently navigation, sub-navigation and footer navigation items.
3.3.1: Error Identification.
Errors are identified and described in the user text.
3.3.2: Labels or Instructions.
Labels provide instructions when a user action is required.
3.3.3: Form Error Suggestion.
Error messages provide suggestions to the end user.
3.3.4: Error Prevention (Legal, Financial, Data).
All donation forms and payment forms can be reviewed before final submission.
