

TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SUBSCRIPTION AND/OR USE

iWantTFC is an online content distribution service which enables its subscribers and/or users to watch shows, movies, music and other content, or clips or excerpts thereof (the “Content”).
iWantTFC (or the “Service”), may be accessed via www.tfc.tv, and/or www.iwanttfc.com (the “Website/s”), and/or the TFC Online application, the iWant Application, or the iWantTFC Application (the “Application/s) on certain computers, internet-connected/smart TVs, mobile and other devices (the “Devices”) and is provided to subscribers and/or users for their personal, private and non-commercial use only.
These Terms and Conditions of Subscription and/or Use, including any amendment, addendum, modification, annex, supplement or update thereon or thereof (the “Terms”) govern the relationship between ABS-CBN Spain S.L.U.
(“ABS-CBN”, “us”, “We”, “we”, “Our” or “our”) as Service provider and you as subscriber to and/or user of the Service, the Website/s, and/or the Application/s (“Subscriber”, “User”, “You”, or “you”), of your subscription to, and/or use of the Service, the Website/s, and/or the Application/s.
By downloading the Application/s, accessing or using the Service, the Website/s and/or the Applications, and/or subscribing to or purchasing from the Service, you acknowledge, agree and confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms, our Privacy Notice and our Cookie Policy, including any amendment, addendum, modification, annex, supplement or updates thereto.
We may change, amend, modify, supplement, or update the Terms from time to time without prior notice and your continued subscription to and/or use of the Service, the Website/s and/or the Application/s constitute your acceptance of the Terms, and any amendment, addendum, modification, annex, supplement or updates thereto.
Please check the Terms from time to time to keep yourself updated on any changes, amendments, modifications or updates thereto.
Unless otherwise specified, any and all new feature/s or functionality of the Service, the Website and/or the Application/s shall be subject to the current Terms.
The current version of the Terms, including recent updates, will be available on the Website/s and or the Application/s.

You acknowledge, understand and agree that your use of the Service, the Website/s, the Application/s and the Device/s may be subject to additional and separate terms and conditions and privacy policies of affiliated and/or third-party entities which, as the case may be, own, operate, maintain, manage, host, manufacture, service and/or provide the Website/s, the Application/s, the Device/s, the Service, or certain components, features or functionalities thereof.
By subscribing to or and/or using the Website/s Application/s, Device/s and the Service/s, you signify your agreement to and acceptance of such terms and conditions and privacy policies.

The Terms that are applicable to you will depend on the country or territory where you are based on your IP address at the time of your registration to the Service.
Additional terms may also apply based on the country/ies or territory/ies where you are or may be using or accessing the Service.
It is your responsibility to review and to comply with all applicable Terms and additional terms. REGISTRATION By registering with the Service, you agree that you have read, understood, accept and agree to abide by the Terms and will indemnify and hold ABS-CBN, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliated companies (the “Affiliates”) and authorized service providers free and harmless from any claim, expenses, damage or liability which you may suffer or incur in connection with your use of the Service, the Website, the Application/s and/or the Devices, arising from or in connection with your failure or refusal to observe and/or abide by the Terms.
Upon successful registration with the Service, you may avail of or subscribe to subscription plans and other iWantTFC products and/or services by paying the applicable subscription or retail price thereof through the available payment methods.
By registering with, subscribing to, availing of and/or using the Service, you represent and warrant to us that: (i) you are of legal age based on the laws of the relevant jurisdiction and that you are capable of entering into and forming a binding contract with us.
(ii) you are entering into the agreement for your personal use only.
(iii) you neither reside in, nor will access, avail of, or receive the Services in, nor are a representative of the Government of, either Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, Syria, or the Crimean region of Ukraine.
(iv) you are not subject of U.S.
sanctions or of sanctions consistent with U.S.
law imposed by the governments of the country or territory where you are using the Service.
and (v) you are not prohibited from availing the Service under the relevant laws of the country or territory where you subscribe to, avail of and/or use the Service.

By registering with the Service, you agree to provide us with true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself when you fill out the Website Registration Page and to update your information to keep it true, accurate, current and complete.
We reserve the right to rely on the location of your IP address and the other information that you provided for purposes of our delivery of the Service.
We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your account and/or to refuse future subscription or purchase if we have reasonable ground to believe that you have not provided true, current, accurate and/or complete information about yourself in the Registration Page or in the event of your breach or violation of any provision of the Terms.
You hereby expressly acknowledge that the Service and Products are provided by ABS-CBN and may be altered, modified, rebranded, or discontinued at any time at its sole discretion and with no notice to you.
 PASSWORD AND ACCOUNT SECURITY You agree to keep your username and password secure and confidential.
You assume full responsibility for all activities under your account.
We will presume that you have personally performed, and are the one personally performing, all activities under your account, such as but not limited to registration, subscription, purchase, payment, access, and viewing, and that such activities are valid and authorized by you, unless you advise us otherwise.
You also agree to immediately inform us of any unauthorized use of your TFC account by going to the Help Center.
page.

You agree to indemnify and hold ABS-CBN, and its Affiliates, their directors, officers, shareholders, agents, employees, or other partners, free and harmless from and against and all claims, damages, liabilities, suits, costs and expenses, including attorney’s fees, arising from any and all unauthorized use of your account and/or password.
Additionally, you hereby acknowledge that, in the event that you willfully, inappropriately, and/or intentionally use, misuse, or abuse, or that your unauthorized and/or prohibited use of your account results in damage to, destruction, or loss of, infringement of or claim against, any ABS-CBN property(s)/materials, the Content, and/or the Service, you may be held liable for any and all applicable civil and/or criminal penalties arising out of or otherwise related thereto.
 PRIVACY AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION Your privacy is important to us.
By downloading the Application/s, accessing or using the Service, the Website/s and/or the Applications, and/or subscribing to or purchasing from the Service, and/or agreeing to and accepting the Terms hereof, you acknowledge that certain of your personal information may be collected, transferred, stored, recorded, shared and used by ABS-CBN and its Affiliates, and our and our Affiliates’ authorized service providers.
We are committed to safeguarding your personal information and will use all good faith efforts to ensure that it is secure.

When you register with the Service, we may ask you for your personal information such as, but not limited to, your name, email address or mobile number.
We also collect information about your transactions with us, including how you use the Service, the Products, the Website/s, the Application, and our other services.
We also collect, record and store information from your computer hardware and browser, including your IP address, cookie information, software and hardware attributes.

Generally, we do not sell your personal information.
We will not share your personal information with other people or non-affiliated or non-related companies, except for some legitimate reason or purpose and only to trusted business partners and authorized service providers.
We will limit access to your personal information to employees, agents, and representatives who need to access your personal information in order to accomplish their functions.
Furthermore, these employees, agents and representatives are obliged to keep your personal information confidential.

We will not collect, use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.

Your successful registration expressly authorizes ABS-CBN and its Affiliates and our and our Affiliates’ authorized service providers to use your disclosed personal information as for the following purposes: a) to provide you with the Service, including fulfillment or renewal thereof, and/or maintenance or administration related thereto.
b) to market, promote and advertise the Service, the Website/s, the Application/s, the Devices, the Products, and/or the products, services, events, initiatives and activities of ABS-CBN and its Affiliates.
c) to customize ABS-CBN’s, and its Affiliates’ advertising, promotional and marketing activities.
d) to fulfill your requests for the Services, the Products, and our and our Affiliates’ products and services.
e) to conduct research, survey and perform statistical analyses of user behavior in order to measure relative consumer interest on the Service, the Products, and the various products, services and activities of ABS-CBN and its Affiliates.
f) to inform advertisers or sponsors or their respective representatives how many have responded to an advertisement or promotion.
g) to promote and manage ABS-CBN’s, and its Affiliates’ customer loyalty program/s, or any loyalty program that ABS-CBN may participate in.
h) to pass on information to the relevant government agency or institution for fraud information.
i) to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violation of the Terms, or as otherwise required by law.
j) to transfer information if the Service is acquired by another company.
k) to transfer, move, copy, record store and use your personal information outside the country where you are subscribed to the Service.
l) to be used as a basis for displaying targeted advertisements in the Service, the Website and/or the Application/s.
m) to respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal processes, or to establish or exercise ABS-CBN’s rights or defend legal claims against ABS-CBN.
and n) to contact you and communicate with you for any of the foregoing purposes.
You agree that we may share and transfer your personal information with, to and among the ABS-CBN’s Affiliates and our and our Affiliates’ authorized service providers, and that ABS-CBN its Affiliates and our and our Affiliates’ service providers may use your personal information for the foregoing purposes without further notice.
You also agree that ABS-CBN, its Affiliates, our and our Affiliates’ authorized service providers, our and their officers, agents, directors, stockholders and employees will not be liable to you for any and all claims, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses, including attorney’s fees, in connection with the permitted use of your personal information as detailed hereinabove.

You also authorize agents of ABS-CBN, its Affiliates, our and our Affiliates’ service providers, to collect and use personal information that may be used to contact, identify or locate you.
This may be done using device fingerprinting, a technique used to gather information about a particular device, in order to capture the following: browser version, operating system, items installed (plugins/fonts etc.) and location and time zone settings.
You also authorize us, our Affiliates and our respective authorized service providers to collect information, which may be personal information, that may include your IP address, device type, browser type, your device’s operating system, what pages you view, what links you click, the amount of time you spend on certain pages and certain demographic information such as age and gender.
Please refer to our Cookie Policy for further details.

We shall continue using your personal information for the foregoing purposes until and unless we receive your advice requesting us to refrain from or limit the use of your personal information.

You further agree to be bound to the Privacy Notice of ABS-CBN.
 IWANTTFC PRODUCTS After you have registered with the Service, you may avail of certain Content on a transactional video on demand (“TVOD”) or pay-per view (“PPV”) basis, (a “TVOD Product, ” “PPV Product”), and/or of certain or several Content on a subscription video on demand or subscription basis, with or without advertisement, whether for a fee or for free (a “Free Plan” or a “Paid Subscription Plan”), if and as available in your country or territory (individually, TVOD, PPV, the Free Plan, a Paid Subscription Plan, may be referred to as a “Product”.
or collectively, TVOD, PPV, the Free Plan, and Paid Subscription Plan/s may be referred to as the “Product/s”).
Please see the My Accounts page on the Service for the available Subscription Plans and/or retail products/TVOD offerings, including the price, features and terms thereof.

By registering with the Service, you may be able to access and watch limited Content (ad-supported) with limited functionalities and features, which we have determined, in our sole discretion, to be included in the free plan (the “Free Plan”) if and as available in your country or territory, unless you purchase a Paid Subscription Plan.
By purchasing a subscription plan (“Paid Subscription Plan”), you shall be able to access and watch the Content included in the Paid Subscription Plan that you have selected and paid during the relevant subscription period/s paid for, and under the terms thereof.

By purchasing a TVOD or PPV Product, you shall be able to access and watch the specific Content or title for and during the limited period specified therefor.

You acknowledge, understand and agree that ABS-CBN may add, withdraw, replace, suspend, modify, discontinue, or change any Product, and/or any Content, price, terms, feature/s and/or functionality/ies of any Product, the schedule or period during which they may be available, and the manner in which they are delivered, and that you shall not have any recourse against ABS-CBN, its Affiliates, their directors, stockholders, employees and/or representatives in connection with ABS-CBN’s exercise of these rights, except to cancel or terminate your Paid Subscription Plan, subject to the rules on cancellation or termination.
Certain Content may not be available in certain territories, during certain periods, and/or on certain Devices due to rights restrictions, technological limitations, and/or legal or regulatory requirements.

ABS-CBN may insert, serve, show or display advertisements, commercials, pre-rolls, mid-rolls, end-rolls, banners, of or for its own or its Affiliates’ products or services (“ABS-CBN Advertisements”) and/or products or services of third-party advertisers (“Third Party Advertisements”) on any Content on TVOD, PPV, Free Trial, and/or any Subscription Plan, for which ABS-CBN may derive advertising or sponsorship revenue.
You acknowledge, understand and agree that ABS-CBN is and shall not be liable nor responsible for Third Party Advertisements, and that you shall not have any recourse against, and shall hold free and harmless, ABS-CBN and its Affiliates, from and against any and all claims, damages, cost, liability or suit arising out of or in connection with any Third Party Advertisement on the Service, the Website, and/or the Application, including but not limited to claims for infringement, invasion of privacy, defamation, libel.

You may access the content where we have offered the service and where we have the license to broadcast such content.
The content that may be available to watch will vary by geographic location and will change from time to time.

Some content may be made available for temporary download and offline (“Offline Content”) viewing via the TFC Online or iWantTFC App on certain Devices, which shall be subject to such terms, rules, period, limitations and restrictions as we may determine and implement for this purpose.
The streaming and quality of content on the Service may vary due to different factors such as type of device, location, internet speed/bandwidth, and the type the Content (high definition etc).
Please check FAQ page for the recommended internet connection speed.
To avail of or subscribe to a Product, you will need internet access.
The fee that you pay us for your TVOD, PPV, or Subscription Plan does not include internet access.
You shall solely responsible procuring, maintaining and paying the fees for your internet service to your internet service provider.
Your subscription to any Product is not transferrable.
We reserve the right at any time to modify, suspend, discontinue or terminate, temporarily or permanently your account.
A notice advising you of the modification, suspension or termination of your TFC account will be sent to your email address that you used during registration, or your email address on file.
In case we suspend your account, your subscription expiry date may be adjusted upon re-activation of your subscription depending on the reason for the suspension.
In case of termination of your account, you will not be entitled to any refund to the extent allowed by law.
You acknowledge that ABS-CBN will not be liable to you or to any third party for any claim, loss or liability arising from or in connection with the modification, suspension or discontinuance of your account. 1 MONTH FREE TRIAL Certain users may be eligible to start a Paid Subscription Plan with a 1 month free trial, subject to specific terms and conditions provided at sign-up (the “1-Month Free Trial”), which may be availed of only once.
If eligible, the 1 Month Free Trial will entitle you to access the Paid Subscription Plan that you select, without paying the subscription fee for such plan for a period of one (1) month from the time that you submit your payment details and your trial is successfully activated (the “Free Trial Period”).
For purposes of these Terms, one (1) month shall mean one calendar month, e.g., if your trial is activated on February 1, the Free Trial Period will end on February 28/29.
if your trial is activated on March 5, the Free Trial Period will end on April 4.
if your free trial is activated on April 15, the Free Trial Period will end on May 14.
We reserve the right to determine who will be eligible for the 1 Month Free Trial to, among others, prevent free trial abuse.
Eligibility may vary based on several factors including, but not limited to, any previous subscription to a paid subscription plan, previous availment of any free trial, free plan, or under a complimentary or promotional plan.
We may also use information such as method of payment and/or account email address used with any existing or recent paid subscription plan to determine eligibility for the 1-Month Free Trial.
Certain limitations may also exist with respect to combining the 1-Month Free Trial with any other offers.
Our decision on whether a user will or will not be eligible for the 1-Month Free Trial is final and not subject to appeal.
We or our authorized payment service providers may temporarily hold a minimal amount which may be reflected as a debit on your credit card statement, to validate your credit card.
The amount held will be released back to you and reflected as a credit on your credit card statement.
We reserve the right to withdraw, suspend, discontinue, modify, or not make available the 1-Month Free Trial in any country or territory, and/or to any person, without prior notice and with no liability.
If eligible and unless you cancel your 1-Month Free Trial before the end of the Free Trial Period, you will be charged the monthly subscription fee corresponding to the Subscription Plan that you selected, on the 1st day of the month after the end of your 1-Month Free Trial, through the payment method that you provided, and every month thereafter on a recurring/Automatic Payment basis, unless and until you cancel your paid subscription or your enrolment to the recurring or Automatic Payment.
In order to avoid being charged for the monthly subscription fee for the selected Paid Subscription Plan, you must cancel your subscription not later than one day before the last day of your Free Trial Period.
In the examples above, if your free trial is activated on February 1, you may cancel your Free Trial not later than February 27/28.
if your trial is activated on March 5, you may cancel your Free Trial not later than April 3.
if your free trial is activated on April 15, you may cancel your Free Trial not later May 13.
You may cancel your 1-Month Free Trial any time during the Free Trial Period by going to the My Accounts Page on the Service Website and clicking the “CANCEL PLAN” button.
If you cancel your 1-Month Free Trial within the Free Trial Period, cancellation may be made effective at the end of the Free Trial Period.
Thereafter, you will only be able to access the limited Content under a Free Plan or such other limited content as we may determine, unless you purchase a paid Subscription Plan.
 PAYMENT  You must pay the applicable fees to avail of a TVOD, PPV Product and/or subscribe to any Subscription Plan.
In such case, you may only begin viewing the Content under the relevant Product purchased once payment of the required fees in accordance with your chosen Product/s has been confirmed by our system.
The fees for any Product/s are payable in advance.
You may pay for your selected Product/s directly by using any of the following payment methods, depending on their availability in your country or territory: by your credit card, by using your PayPal account, by purchasing and loading pre-paid cards/electronic pins/vouchers, through authorized direct carrier or telco providers, or by other payment methods that may be available in your country or territory.


Credit Cards – You may use any major credit card to pay for your selected Product/s provided credit card payment is available in your territory.

PayPal Account – By using your PayPal account, your credit card and/or account enrolled with PayPal will be charged for the payment of your chosen Product/s.
Pre-paid cards/ Electronic Pins/Vouchers - The pre-paid card/electronic pins/vouchers may be purchased from ABS-CBN Offices and authorized distributors and dealers.
Direct Carrier or Telco Providers – You may choose to pay through your Direct Carrier or Telco Provider as may be available in your country or territory.
Other Payment Methods – Other payment methods in which may be available your territory.



For more information about what payment methods we are supporting in your territory, please see our checkout page or contact customer support@iwanttfc.com or visit Help Center..
We may use services of payment third party service providers and/or authorized and qualified resellers to facilitate and collect payments on behalf of ABS-CBN such as 2Checkout (www.2checkout.com).In such instances, you may be subject to the terms and conditions and privacy policy/notice of such third party payment service providers and/or authorized resellers and your personal information will be subject to the privacy policy/notice of ABS-CBN’s payment service provider or authorized reseller.
You confirm that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions and privacy policies of such authorized third party service providers and/or resellers.
If you availed of or subscribed to any Product/s on Devices such as Roku, and/or through the Application via Apple iTunes or Google Play Store, you understand and agree that the fees for the Product that you availed of, purchased or subscribed to will be charged to your Roku, Apple iTunes or Google Play Store account upon the confirmation of purchase.
You confirm that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions and privacy policies of such authorized third party service providers. AUTOMATIC PAYMENT AUTHORIZATION By selecting credit card, PayPal account or other modes of payment other than pre-paid card/ electronic pins/vouchers as mode of payment, YOU AUTHORIZE US TO BILL YOU FOR YOUR SELECTED IWANT TFC SUBSCRIPTION PLAN ON A RECURRING BASIS FOR THE SAME SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD AND CHARGE THE SAME AMOUNT OF THE SUBSCRIPTION FEE TO THE SAME CREDIT CARD, PAY PAL ACCOUNT OR YOUR ACCOUNT WITH OTHER MODES OF PAYMENT THAT YOU USED TO PAY FOR YOUR SUBSCRIPTION, (“Automatic Payment”) UNLESS YOU CANCEL YOUR SUBSCRIPTION.
PLEASE SEE CANCELLATION OF AUTOMATIC PAYMENT BELOW.
We shall send an email to your registered email address to confirm that your credit card, PayPal account or account with other modes of payment will be subject to Automatic Payment.
 CANCELLATION OF AUTOMATIC PAYMENT You may cancel Automatic Payment by visiting the My Products Tab on your My Account Page and clicking the EDIT link to disable the subscription to Automatic Payment at least three (3) days prior to the last day of your existing subscription.
If you cancel your Automatic Payment less than 3 days prior to the last day of your existing subscription, your subscription shall be renewed.
When you cancel Automatic Payment, you will continue to have access to your paid subscription until the end of your current subscription period.
Thereafter, you will have access to content on the Service under the Free Subscription Plan.
To the extent permitted by law, we do not provide refunds or credits for the balance or remainder of your current subscription period when you cancel your Automatic Payment.
However, there may be instances in which ABS-CBN may give proportionate refund at its sole discretion.

For Subscription Plans purchased on Roku, Apple iTunes or Google Play Store, you may opt-out or cancel Automatic Payment by going to your Roku, Apple iTunes or Google Play Store Account Settings and turning off automatic renewal or automatic payment option at least 24 hours prior to the last day of your existing subscription.
For more details, please visit the Help Center.
Cancellation of Automatic Payment may also be referred to as Cancellation of Subscription. US SANCTIONS AND EXPORT POLICY You warrant that you are accessing the Service from a territory that is not included in the list of territories sanctioned by US Embargo and Sanction Laws.
You are not allowed to use the Service if you are subject of U.S.
sanctions or of sanctions consistent with U.S.
law imposed by the governments of the country or territory where you are using the Service.
You must comply with all U.S.
or other export and re-export restrictions that may apply to goods, software, technology, and services. MARKS AND LOGOS You acknowledge that ABS-CBN, and/or its Affiliates owns and/or has the exclusive right to use iWantTFC mark, TFC mark, iWant mark, ABS-CBN mark, iWantTFC logo, TFC logo, iWant logo, ABS-CBN logo and other marks and logos related to iWantTFC, TFC, iWant, ABS-CBN, and the programs and Content therein (collectively the “ABS-CBN marks”).
You agree not to use or display any ABS-CBN mark/s in any manner, and/or not to assert any right or claim thereto or ownership thereof. IWANTTFC PROGRAMS AND CONTENT You may only access the Service and view the Products for personal and for a non-commercial purpose (“Right to Use”).
You further acknowledge that the Service and Products are the sole exclusive property of ABS-CBN, and/or its Affiliates.
The Service and Products are protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patent or other proprietary rights and all applicable local, federal and international laws.
Your subscription and Right to Use does not grant, convey or otherwise transfer any license, sublicense or ownership of any such Products.
You agree not to sell/resell, digitally stream, broadcast or disseminate, modify, rent, lease, distribute or create derivative works based on Products or retain any copy/duplicate of any Products subsequent to the termination of your subscription, in whole or in part, absent the prior express written authorization of ABS-CBN.
The Right to Use is expressly limited to each properly registered and subscribed user only and may not be assigned or transferred to any third party.
If we engage in a successful intellectual property enforcement action due to your unauthorized action resulting to loss, theft, pirating, copying, and/or unauthorized duplication of any programs, we will be entitled to recover from you the reasonable fees, costs, and expenses incurred in so enforcing its intellectual property.
If you become aware of any infringement of any copyright or trademark in the Service or any of the Products, you agree to immediately notify ABS-CBN and you shall cooperate with ABS-CBN in taking such actions as ABS-CBN may designate in order to stop such piracy.
If you access any Product with sensitive, graphic, adult and/or mature content, language and/or theme (“Adult Content”), you represent that you are of legal age or are of age of majority in the applicable jurisdiction to access and view such Adult Content.
You further warrant that you shall be responsible for ensuring that all persons viewing or accessing such Products under your Right of Use and subscription are of legal age as well. USER CONTRIBUTIONS, REVIEWS AND COMMENTS We may provide users with interactivity tools on the Service where you may publish, transmit, submit or post (collectively, "Post") your own content, reviews and comments directly relevant to iWantTFC.
If we provide such tools, you hereby grant ABS-CBN, and its Affiliates, an absolute, irrevocable, royalty-free and non-exclusive, perpetual, worldwide right to use any such Posts, in whole or in part, in any and all media worldwide to market, promote and advertise the Service, the Products and its other products and services.
You also grant ABS-CBN the right to attribute to you the Posts you published, transmitted, submitted or posted.
Posts will be deemed user contributed materials and shall be subject to the policies regarding User Posted Material detailed hereof.

ABS-CBN reserves the right to remove, delete, deactivate, suspend or discontinue the interactivity tools, features or facilities on the Service where users or subscribers my Post.
Further, ABS-CBN also has the sole and full discretion to restrict, edit, remove, exclude, limit or delete any Posts, such as but not limited to those that contain content or language that is objectionable, offensive, discriminatory, abusive, or violative of any laws, rules and regulations, such as, but not limited to: : a.) harsh, profane indecent, offensive or discriminatory language.
b.) illegal, obscene, defamatory or objectionable materials.
c.) personal information, URLs, phone numbers, contact information, home, office, mailing or e-mail addresses.
d.) personal attacks on another person or entity.
e.) unauthorized advertising or promotional materials or any form of solicitation.
f.) software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or computer hardware or telecommunication equipment.
Violation of the foregoing may also result in the immediate suspension or termination of your account.
Additionally, in the event of any injury or damage to either ABS-CBN, its Affiliates or any user or subscriber to the Service, arising out of or in connection with your violation of any of the foregoing, you may be liable for any and all applicable civil and/or criminal penalties.

You further agree not to collect, share or store personal data about other subscribers or users.
You also agree not to claim the identity of or misrepresent another person.

You understand and agree that ABS-CBN will store the materials or communication subject of your Posts on its servers.
Such materials will be subject to the Privacy Notice detailed hereinabove or as posted on the Website. USER POSTED MATERIAL You understand and agree that all information, data files, content, still photos, audio, video and/or audio visual materials, written text, comments, Post(s) or other images (collectively “Material”), which are made submitted, shared or otherwise made available by any subscriber/s or users, past and present, through or on or related to the Service are the sole responsibility of the person who submitted, shared or made available such Material.

ABS-CBN does not endorse any Material posted by the subscribers and/or users and such Material does not reflect the opinion or policies of ABS-CBN and its Affiliates, nor of their employees, directors, shareholders, officers, agents, or representatives.
You agree to waive any legal or equitable right or remedy you may have against ABS-CBN and its Affiliates, their employees, directors, shareholders, officers, agents, or representatives with respect to any Material posted by a subscriber or user on the Service.

By Posting a Material, if such facility is provided by the Service, you represent and warrant that you own the Material posted or submitted or that you have obtained permission from the rightful owner of the Material to Post, use or display it on iWantTFC, including but not limited to person/s whose faces, names and/or images appear therein or mentioned thereon, or the persons who own or have the right in and to any and all elements in and to the Materials.
You also hereby grant ABS-CBN, and its Affiliates, an absolute, unencumbered, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free and non-exclusive license to use the Material in whole or in part, in any and all media or platform now existing or hereinafter developed.
You also represent and warrant that the Posting of the Material does not violate the right of any party or entity, including but not limited to invasion of privacy or infringement of intellectual property rights.

You agree to indemnify and hold ABS-CBN, its Affiliates, their employees, directors, shareholders, officers, agents, or representatives, free and harmless from and against any claim, suit, liability or damages which may arise out of or in connection with any Material which you submitted to or Posted on the Service.
You also grant ABS-CBN and its Affiliates a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, adapt, modify, translate, publish and distribute the Material, in whole or in part, you Post or make the same available on the Service or any platforms or channels or ABS-CBN and its Affiliates.
We reserve the right, but shall have no obligation, to pre-screen, review, edit, modify, flag, refuse or remove any Material you make available in the Service upon our reasonable belief that such Material is offensive, indecent, objectionable, infringes the right of a person or entity, or for any reason whatsoever at any time.

You may be exposed to Material made available or Posted by other subscribers or users on the Service, if such facility is provided or allowed, that you may find offensive, indecent or objectionable.
In such case, please advise us of such Material by going to the Help Center.
page.
However, you hereby expressly acknowledge and accept that certain Material may be posted or contained on the Website or App that may be in opposition to your personal beliefs, opinions or taste, but shall nonetheless be lawfully permitted. ADVERTISEMENTS AND LINKS The Service provides links to the sites of affiliated companies and certain other businesses.
We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not review, endorse nor warrant the offerings or any of these businesses.
We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, to the extent permitted by law, and we do not endorse nor warrant, the offerings of any of these businesses or individuals (including the content of their Web sites).
You agree and acknowledge that ABS-CBN is not responsible and does not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, product, and content of all these and any other third parties, and that you will pay for any damages, losses and costs (including attorney’s fees) awarded against or suffered by ABS-CBN or its Subsidiaries and Affiliates, in connection with your correspondence or dealings with third parties.
You should carefully review their privacy statements and other conditions of use. SOCIAL MEDIA SITES LINK You have the option to connect your iWantTFC account to your Facebook, Twitter or other social media account (collectively “Social Media Accounts”).
In case you select this option, all of your activities in your account will be posted automatically to your Social Media Accounts.
Please note that only one account for each type of social media can be connected to your iWantTFC account.

We encourage you to review your Social Media Accounts’ Privacy Settings and Privacy Notice so that you can understand how Facebook, Twitter and other social media collect, use and share your information.
We are not responsible for the information used, collected or shared by Facebook, Twitter and other social media. PROMOTIONS From time to time, we may conduct promotions and contests on or through the Service, which you may access (“Promotion”).
Each Promotion may have additional terms and/or rules of participation (“Promotion Rules”), which will be posted or otherwise made available to you.
The Promotion Rules for each Promotion in which you participate will be deemed incorporated into and form a part of these Terms for the Promotion(s).
It is your responsibility to read the Promotion Rules to determine whether or not your participation, registration or entry will be valid or restricted, and to determine your participation requirements. DISCLAIMER We disclaim any representations and warranties, including without limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
You agree and acknowledge that we shall have absolutely no liability in connection with the provision of the Service, the Website, the Application, and/or or your subscription to any Product/s including, but not limited to, any liability for damage to your computer hardware, data, information, materials and business resulting from your use of the Service.

Insofar as Social Media Accounts are dependent upon the third party social media website(s) and application(s) companies, ABS-CBN and its Affiliates make no warranty, express or implied, as to the compatibility, integration and/or functional compatibility of your account and such Social Media Accounts.

You agree and acknowledge that we make no warranty, representation or guarantee as to the content, sequence, timeliness, accuracy or completeness of the Service or that the Service will be uninterrupted or error free or that any defects in the Service can be corrected.
You agree and acknowledge that we shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for lost profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from: (1) your use or your inability to use the Service.
(ii) the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods, data, information or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through or from the Service.
or (iii) any other matter relating to the Service. INDEMNITY You agree to indemnify and hold ABS-CBN, its Affiliates, their directors, officers, agents, or other partners, and employees, free and harmless from and against and all claims, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses, including attorney’s fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the Service, the Website and/or the Application, your connection to the Service, your subscription to the Product/s, your use of the facilities of the Service, the Website and/or the Application your violation of the Terms, your violation of the rights of any person or entity, or your violation of any applicable laws. MISCELLANEOUS The Laws of United Arab Emirates (UAE) shall govern these Terms and our relationship as service provider and subscriber without regard to conflict of law provisions.

Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.

If any provision/s of the Terms is found by any court or administrative body of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision/s shall not affect the other provisions of the Terms.
The parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision/s.
All the other provisions of the Terms not affected by such invalidity or unenforceability shall remain in full force and effect.
You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Service or the Terms must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
The section titles in the Terms are for convenience and have no legal or contractual effect.
For more information on the system requirements of iWantTFC, please visit the Help Center..
If you have any questions or comments, please go to the Help Center.
page.

Updated on: January 1, 2021.
