
         Terms of Agreement By using this website thehup.org (HUP) and purchasing products or services on it, you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions..
If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms and Conditions, which shall remain in full force and effect.
As a condition of your use of the HUP website, you may not use the HUP website in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the HUP website.
You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the HUP website.
HUP reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the HUP website and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice.
In no event shall HUP or its heirs and assigns, be liable for consequential damages, nor shall HUP be liable for damages arising out of or in connection with the sale, delivery, or use of the chemicals.
The original customer, successors and assigns, agrees to hold HUP harmless from any damages caused by the use of the products/compounds or services.
You must be above the age of 18 to purchase from HUP.
You agree to keep all HUP products away, and out of reach from children.
All customers are assumed to be trained to safely handle chemicals.
If you or your affiliates are not, then we do not know this and you will be held liable.
The chemicals and/or supplies purchased may have hazardous properties and buyer is liable for handling the compounds in a safe and responsible manner.
HUP is not responsible for the actions of individuals, groups or businesses when they purchase and possess any products from the site.
Due to the nature of these products we do not allow returns of orders
The compounds HUP offers are not to be repackaged and/or resold without the prior consent of the owner of HUP.
Users or visitors of this website are not allowed to use the name of.
HUP or its logo or any images of the thehup.co website for any promotional, media or commercial purpose or any other purpose without the prior consent of the owner of HUP.
Please note that HUP has no control over the postal service and their systems and therefore are not responsible for any lost, stolen or delayed packages.
HUP is also not responsible for lost, missing, or delayed packages due to an incorrect address provided by the customer.
If packages are sent back due to an incorrect address or failure to claim, the customer is responsible for paying re-shipping fees.
Items do not ship out on weekends or Holidays.
HUP is only responsible for your purchase until it is picked up by the shipping carrier.
After that, it is out of our control.
International Orders:
HUP is not responsible for any customs fees or shipper fees you may incur, or for customs clearance delays, or any other delivery delays.
HUP will not reimburse shipping, borkerage, duties, taxes, or any other costs and fees.
You acknowledge having read and agreed to the above terms and conditions before ordering.
