
NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS

Effective Date: January 1, 2020



Dow Jones &amp.
Company, Inc.
and its subsidiaries (“Dow Jones”) collects, uses and shares Personal Data as detailed in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.
If you are a California resident, you have certain rights: 

You can exercise your “Do Not Sell” right to opt out of interest-based (also called targeted) advertising using one of the Opt Out of Interest-Based Advertising buttons below.
and
You can send a request to Dow Jones regarding any of your additional privacy rights: Right to Know, Right to Delete, Shine the
Light, and/or to submit a "Do Not Sell" request for any "sale" of personal data not related to interest-based advertising using the
Privacy Request button below ("Privacy Request").



1.
DO NOT SELL/OPT OUT OF INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING


We and select third parties use Advertising Cookies to choose
and deliver ads we believe are relevant to you and your interests,
understand their effectiveness, and conduct market research.
This involves accessing information from your browser or device,
such as advertising and device identifiers, and processing this
and other Personal Data such as IP address.
Advertising Cookies
remember what you have looked at or purchased on our Services
and other sites over time, and may be combined with other information received from third parties such as demographics.
For more details, please see our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.
To opt out of this sharing related to interest-based (also called
targeted) advertising, please select one of the Opt Out of
Interest-based Advertising buttons below.
Note that opting out of
interest-based advertising is a device-based action, and it will not
remove ads from the pages you visit.
instead it means the ads
you will see may not be matched to your interests.
Web: Opt Out of Interest-Based Advertising
IOS: Opt Out of Interest-Based Advertising
Android: Opt Out of Interest-Based Advertising

 2.
Privacy Request


 You can submit a request to Dow Jones to exercise the following privacy rights using the button below, which will take you to a form: Right to Know, Right to Delete, Shine the Light, and/or to submit a "Do Not Sell" request for any "sale" not related to interest-based advertising ("Privacy Request").

 For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the Personal Data or Other Information associated with the particular email(s) you provide in your Privacy Request, and we will take steps to verify your identity before granting access to your Personal Data or Other Information.
For example, we may verify your Privacy Request by matching information you provide with our records, or you may be asked to log in to your online account (if applicable).
We may request additional information to verify your identity depending on the nature of the Privacy Request and the sensitivity of the information sought.

You can use an authorized agent to submit your Privacy Request.
If you use an authorized agent, in addition to verifying the Privacy Request itself (see above), we will also verify the authorized agent’s ability to act on your behalf (they should submit written permission to act on your behalf or a power of attorney).

SUBMIT PRIVACY REQUEST


