
         Privacy Policy 
May 26, 2021

Threema GmbH (hereafter «Threema») was founded on the premise of bulletproof data protection.
It is our primary goal to store only the absolute minimum of information for the shortest possible time («Privacy by Design»).
In addition to using state-of-the-art encryption methods, we take all necessary technical and organizational measures to prevent unauthorized data access and misuse.
The processing and protection of data is carried out in accordance with applicable legal regulations and EU Regulation 2016/679 (GDPR). 1.
General Information The Threema website can be used completely anonymously and is free of advertising and tracking. 2.
Purpose of Data Processing Threema only processes data to respond to your support request. 3.
Scope and Duration of Data Processing  Requests for technical support contain your email address, which is necessary to answer the request.
Support requests and all of the associated data will be permanently deleted after 6 months of inactivity.
 4.
Right to Information, Correction, Blocking, Deletion and Objection You have the right to receive information about your personal data stored by Threema GmbH at any time.
Likewise, you have the right to correct, block or (apart from the legally required data storage for business purposes) delete your personal data. 5.
Responsible Body If you have any questions about data protection at Threema GmbH, you can contact us directly.
Send us an e-mail to privacy@threema.ch.
Responsible body and direct contact for data protection topics at Threema GmbH:
Threema GmbHData Protection officerChurerstrasse 828808 Pfäffikon SZSwitzerlandprivacy@threema.ch
CHE-221.440.104
Representative in the EU according to Art.
27 para.
1 GDPR: ACC Datenschutz UG, Messestraße 6, 94036 Passau, Germany 6.
Amendment of the Privacy Policy We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to comply with changed legal requirements or to reflect new functionalities of the app.
The current Privacy Policy is always available for consultation from within Threema. Disclaimer This is a mere translation of the German version of this document.
In case of any discrepancies between the English version and the German version of this document, the German version will prevail.
