
        [Skip to Content]Tiekoetter.com

Deutsch
English
Legal noticeAccording to § 5 TMG
Léon TiekötterOldentruper Str.
28833719 BielefeldGermany

Represented by:
Léon Tiekötter

Contact:
Telephone: On requestE-Mail: webmaster@tiekoetter.com

Disclaimer:


Liability for content

The contents of our pages were created with great care.
However, we cannot guarantee that the content is correct, complete or up-to-date.
As a service provider, we are responsible for our own content on these pages according to Section 7, Paragraph 1 of the German Telemedia Act (TMG).
According to §§ 8 to 10 TMG, however, we as a service provider are not obliged to monitor transmitted or stored third-party information or to investigate circumstances that indicate illegal activity.
Obligations to remove or block the use of information according to general laws remain unaffected.
However, liability in this regard is only possible from the point in time at which knowledge of a specific infringement of the law is known.
As soon as we become aware of any violations of the law, we will remove this content immediately.

Liability for links

Our offer contains links to external third-party websites, the content of which we have no influence on.
Therefore we cannot assume any liability for this external content.
The respective provider or operator of the pages is always responsible for the content of the linked pages.
The linked pages were checked for possible legal violations at the time of linking.
Illegal content was not recognizable at the time of linking.
However, a permanent control of the content of the linked pages is not reasonable without concrete evidence of an infringement.
As soon as we become aware of legal violations, we will remove such links immediately.

Copyright

The content and works on these pages created by the site operators are subject to German copyright law.
The duplication, editing, distribution and any kind of exploitation outside the limits of copyright require the written consent of the respective author or creator.
Downloads and copies of this site are only permitted for private, non-commercial use.
Insofar as the content on this site was not created by the operator, the copyrights of third parties are observed.
In particular contents of third parties are marked as such.
Should you nevertheless become aware of a copyright infringement, we ask that you inform us accordingly.
As soon as we become aware of legal violations, we will remove such content immediately.

Privacy

Our website can usually be used without providing any personal data.
Insofar as personal data (e.g.
name, address or e-mail addresses) is collected on our website, this is always done on a voluntary basis as far as possible.
This data will not be passed on to third parties without your express consent.We would like to point out that data transmission on the Internet (e.g.
when communicating by e-mail) can have security gaps.
A complete protection of the data against access by third parties is not possible.The use of contact data published as part of the legal notice obligation by third parties for the purpose of sending unsolicited advertising and information material is hereby expressly prohibited.
The site operators expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of unsolicited advertising being sent, such as spam e-mails.SidebarPages
Donate
GPG / OpenPGP Keys
Legal notice
Services
Social Media
Tiekoetter.com
Tiekoetter.NET
Information
SearXNG
SearXNG instance
Public instances
Public instances uptime monitoring
TeamSpeak &amp.
Discord
ts.craftsmany.net
Discord

Copyright © 2023 Léon Tiekötter / Tiekoetter.comTheme: Rindby by Florian BrinkmannImpressum / Legal notice – StatusThis website (tiekoetter.com) uses "cookies" to store important data in the browser.
By clicking on the "Accept" button you agree to this.
Accept More informationCookies &amp.
Privacy Policy Close Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website.
Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the ...NecessaryNecessaryAlways EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly.
This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website.
These cookies do not store any personal information.Non-necessaryNon-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies.
It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
SAVE &amp.
ACCEPT 
      