
        TimeTree Privacy Policy
TimeTree, Inc.
(hereinafter referred as “Company”) will handle, in accordance with the following policy, the personal information including the private information obtained from our customers (“User” or “Users”) when they use our Company service (“Service”).
Data Manager
TimeTree, Inc.
( https://timetreeapp.com/intl/en/corporate )
Contact: support@timetreeapp.com
1.
Obtaining personal information
The Company may sometimes obtain Users’ information through the Service as follow under their consent.
1.1.
Information voluntarily input by Users when using various functions of the Service
1.2.
Information explicitly expressed to Users by external services such as social network service when given consent for connection with such external services
1.3.
Information automatically obtained when using the Service

Terminal device information
Access history to information of the Service
Access history to advertisements in the Service and behavioral history from such advertisements
Advertisement identifiers (IDFA or Google Advertising ID etc.)
User agents
IP address
Cookie information
GPS

2.
Purpose of use of information
Users’ information we collect may be used for the following purposes.

To authenticate the use of the Service
To provide the Service and the other service for Users
Responses to customer introduction and inquiries in relation to the Service
Efforts to cope with the violations of our Company’s regulations and policies regarding the Service
Efforts to improve and customize the Service to the interests of our users, including research and analysis
Informing Users about conspicuous impacts or influences on our Service.
outstanding alterations of the Service or suspension of the Service etc.
Providing Users with information on services and products of our Company, advertisers and other affiliated companies.
Other similar purposes

3.
Providing Users’ information to third parties
3.1.
Without any prior consent of the individual, Company will not provide personal information to any third parties, except for cases permitted under the Personal Information Protection Law and other related laws and regulations, and the following cases.


When entrusting an individual or entity to handle all or any part of personal information within the purpose of use


When Users’ personal information is transferred to an individual or entity following mergers and acquisitions etc.


When required by court orders


In cases permitted under the Personal Information Protection Law and other related laws and regulations
3.2.
The Company may provide or disclose the statistical information which does not specify individual users


4.
Transfer of the Users’ information
Company may transfer the Users’ information obtained in overseas to Japan in order to handle, process and store such information inside Japan.
Company will take proper measures necessary to protect personal information among Users’ information in accordance with the applicable laws and ordinances.
5.
Measures taken in response to requirement of disclosure and such like
When we are requested by User in accordance with the procedures under the Personal Information Protection Law to disclose, to correct, to delete or to restrain of use of their information, we will take appropriate measures in reasonable period after confirming that the request is really made by such User him/herself.
No measure will be taken in the case that Company is not obliged to do so under the Personal Information Protection Law and other related laws and regulations.
Users may withdraw their consent for the handling of the personal information in any time they wish.
In case that Users do not agree for the handling of the personal information, some parts of the Service will not be provided since they require the personal information registration.
6.
Assessment on Users’ trends
The Company may install the other companies’ modules onto our applications in order to assess and measure use of our Service.
7.
Security measures for Users’ information
Company will take security measures in order to prevent leakage, loss or damage of the Users’ information stored.
8.
Storage period of personal information
Company stores and uses the Users’ information during the period necessary to accomplish the purpose of information usage.
9.
Notification of altered privacy policy
The Company will post the amended privacy policy on our website or applications when the privacy policy is altered.
The Company will obtain Users’ consent through procedures the Company consider appropriate when the laws require to do so in amending the privacy policy.
10.
Inquiries
Any inquiry about this privacy policy may be communicated to support@timetreeapp.com

Established on December 25th, 2014
Altered on November 27th, 2018
* The trade name was changed from "JUBILEE WORKS, Inc." to "TimeTree, Inc." on September 1st, 2019.
      