
         Skip navigation choose smarter Mobile 
 Mobile 
 Internet 


 Blog 
 About 
 Help 
 Sign up / Sign in 


 Plans 
 Coverage 
 Shop 
 Check your phone 
 Sign up | Activate 


 Mobile 
 Internet 
 Internet 


 Plans 
 Coverage 
 Shop 
 Check your phone 
 Sign up | Activate 
 Sign in Help Looking for Ting internet? Back 
 Centennial, CO 
 Charlottesville, VA 
 Culver City, CA 
 Fullerton, CA 
 Fuquay-Varina, NC 
 Holly Springs, NC 
 Roaring Fork, CO 
 Rolesville, NC 
 Greater Sandpoint, ID 
 Solana Beach, CA 
 Wake Forest, NC 
 Westminster, MD 
 Agreement sections 
 Terms Of Service 
 Introduction 
 Your Ting Account 
 Ting Website 
 Payments 
 Declined Payments and Chargebacks 
 Taxes and Surcharges 
 Refer A Friend Program 
 Refunds on Services, Taxes and Fees 
 Disputed Charges 
 Contacting Support 
 Suspension or Termination of Service 
 Law Enforcement 
 Copyright Issues 
 Commitment to Online Safety 
 Dispute Resolution 
 Limitation of Liability 
 Indemnification 
 Notices 
 Effect of Terms Of Service 
 Export 
 Assignment 
 Trademarks and Other Intellectual Property 
 Our Warranties and Disclaimers 


 Ting Mobile Services 
 Introduction 
 Ting NG plans 
 Ting Legacy PPU 
 Active Line Fee 
 Call Minutes 
 Text Messages 
 Data Usage 


 Excessive Usage 
 Roaming Within The United States 
 Roaming While Outside the United States 
 Third Party Charges 
 Lost and Stolen Devices 
 Mobile Phone Number 
 Network Coverage 
 Call Completion 
 Device Warranties 


 Ting Internet Services 
 Introduction 
 Installation 
 Installation Fee 
 Monthly Access Fee 
 Static IP Addresses 
 Internet Access Equipment 
 Cancelling Services 
 Termination of Services 
 Businesses 
 Network Management 
 Level of Services 
 Network Neutrality 
 Network Security 


 Acceptable Use of Ting Services 
 Acceptable Use of Ting Services 
 Using Ting Internet Services 
 Unacceptable Use 
 The Official List of Things You Should Never Use Your Ting Service For 
 Content, Security and Applications 
 Reporting Unacceptable Use 
 Avoiding the Tragedy of the Commons 


 Privacy Policy 
 Collection and Use of Personal Information 
 Choice/Opt-Out 
 Information Obtained from Third Parties 


 Disclosure to Third Parties 
 Tracking Technologies 
 Security 
 Data Retention 
 Other Information 
 Correcting and Updating Your Personal Information 
 Notification of Privacy Statement Changes 




 Revision history 
 Version 12 - November 2020 
 Version 11 - June 2018 
 Version 10 - April 2016 
 Version 9 - June 2015 
 Version 8 - April 2014 
 Version 7 - April 2014 
 Version 6 - March 2014 
 Version 5 - February 2014 
 Version 4 - September 2013 
 Version 3 - July 2013 
 Version 2 - April 2013 
 Version 1 - October 2011 
 Terms Of Service Introduction  These Terms of Service (“Terms”) govern your use of any Internet services or mobile apps or services operated by Ting (“we”, “us”, “our”, and “Ting”) that display or link to these Terms.
You automatically agree to these Terms and to our Privacy Policy simply by purchasing, installing, or activating Ting services.
Also, you agree that if you allow others to access or use our products or services, you will be responsible for all activity on the services, whether such activity is undertaken by you or someone else.

 PLEASE NOTE THAT SECTION 2.13 OF THESE TERMS CONTAINS AN ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND A CLASS ACTION WAIVER PROVISION.
IT AFFECTS HOW DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND TING MAY BE RESOLVED.

 You represent that you are 18 years of age or older.

 We may update or amend these Terms from time to time.
Typically, we’d do so when we add new services or when clarification of these terms is required.
We may notify you of changes to these Terms as a courtesy, though we’re not obliged to do so under these Terms.
 Your Ting Account Ting Website  At ting.com we offer tools to manage your account and your devices, make payments, buy and bring devices and so on.
We also have words and videos for you to read and view and other things on our site too.
Everything on the Ting site that is posted by us and refers to Ting products or services is subject to these Terms Of Service.

 Ting products or services may contain links to third-party websites, such as social media sites.
That doesn’t mean that we control or endorse those websites, or any goods or services sold on those websites.
Similarly, the services may contain ads from third parties.
We do not control or endorse any products being advertised.
Please refer to the third party’s terms of use for the terms governing any such site or product.
 Payments  We collect payment automatically on your billing date using the payment method we have on file for you.
For most people, this is all you need to know on this subject.
For the outliers, there’s more.

 We reserve the right to bill for usage at any point in the billing cycle.
This is something we would do in the unlikely event that the usage of your account was cause for concern on our part.
If we were to bill before the close of a billing cycle, we would make an effort to notify you in advance of doing so.

 If payment fails, we reserve the right to suspend or terminate service entirely.

 Payments are due on the billing date associated with your account.
The billing date cannot be changed and your account will be considered past due if we are unable to collect the full balance of your monthly charges on the billing date.
We do not put billing on hold for any period of time to permit you to make payments at a later date.
If you do not make full payment of your outstanding balance by your billing date, services may be suspended or stopped permanently.
 Declined Payments and Chargebacks  If we try to collect payment and cannot do so, we reserve the right to suspend or terminate access, suspend or terminate your account, cancel delivery of a device in transit or take any remedial steps we deem necessary.
In the case of a credit card chargeback, your account will be deactivated and you’ll owe us the outstanding balance plus any associated charge back fees which may have been levied by the banks or credit card providers.
If you reactivate your account, you will be required to pay a fee for prior chargebacks and any outstanding balance on your account.

 If you owe us, in our opinion, a substantial amount of money or have had your account suspended multiple times, we may, without limiting any of our other rights, ask for payment up front, make other appropriate billing arrangements or stop providing you with service.
 Taxes and Surcharges  We don’t charge tax, we collect it.

 Taxes, regulatory fees, E911 fees and so on are not included in Ting rates.
These charges are calculated and charged at the end of the billing cycle and are clearly outlined on your bill.
They are subject to change without notice and may vary by city, municipality, state, region and country.
 Refer A Friend Program  We love it when people refer friends to Ting and we try to make it easy to do.

 The Refer A Friend program is our way of thanking customers for introducing friends and family to Ting.
By using an existing Ting customer’s referral URL, new customers get a reward and the person making the introduction also gets a reward.

 The spirit of the program is one-to-one referral.
Buying Ting-branded keywords, spamming coupon sites, employing SEO tactics, selling a referral URL and so on are not consistent with the spirit of the program.
These things and others like them will be considered abuse.
For this reason we reserve the right to cancel a referral code or codes at any time.
We also reserve the right to rescind credits that were previously issued if we determine that the program has been abused.

 Our Refer a Friend and Marketing rewards carry no cash value and are completely non-refundable.
 Refunds on Services, Taxes and Fees  Monthly service charges, taxes and fees are non-refundable.
 Disputed Charges  If you spot an error in any charge on your account, please let us know right away so we can apologize and make it right in the form of a refund, a credit or some other form of compensation.
Right away means within 30 days from when we find out about the error.

 If we issue a credit, refund or some other form of compensation and you accept, we’ll consider the matter closed (that is to say, “fully and finally resolved”).
You’ll waive any claim for arbitration or litigation.
 Contacting Support  When you call Ting Support, we will likely record and archive the conversation.
If you don’t agree to this, please contact Ting Support through our online chat, email or other means as may be available at help.ting.com.
 Suspension or Termination of Service  WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO ISSUE A WARNING OR TO SUSPEND OR TERMINATE YOUR SERVICE AND YOUR ACCESS TO THE TING.COM WEBSITE, APP OR ANY OTHER WEBSITE WE OPERATE OR TO OUR SERVICE AT ANY TIME IF WE DETERMINE THAT YOU HAVE VIOLATED THE TERMS OF SERVICE OR ANY OF OUR RULES OR POLICIES OR FOR ANY OTHER REASON.
 Law Enforcement  Ting will comply with law enforcement if we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to prevent or detect illegal or unlawful activities.
Wherever possible and practical, we will inform you of these disclosures.
 Copyright Issues  We respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement and terminate accounts of repeat infringers according to the process set out in the U.S.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
We do not provide IP addresses (singly or in batches) or other identifying information to complainants unless duly compelled by power of law.
 Commitment to Online Safety  We are committed to online safety for minors, and comply with all applicable laws related to protecting minors online.
This includes reporting cases of child abuse or exploitation to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children.
You can access additional information about minors’ online safety by visiting www.ncmec.org.
 Dispute Resolution  If there’s a disagreement, we’ll both agree to try to settle it first by talking to each other in good faith.
We’re always open to hear your possible solutions and we want to work together.
That said, whatever efforts are made to settle a disagreement amicably, no one forfeits any of the rights set forth in this document by those efforts.
If we are unable to resolve an issue within 90 days after first contact about that issue, WE EACH AGREE THAT, EXCEPT AS PROVIDED BELOW, ANY AND ALL CLAIMS OR DISPUTES IN ANY WAY RELATED TO OR CONCERNING THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, OUR SERVICES, DEVICES OR PRODUCTS, INCLUDING ANY BILLING DISPUTES, WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING ARBITRATION.
THE ARBITRATOR MUST FOLLOW THESE TERMS OF SERVICE.
In addition, either party may seek an injunction or other equitable relief for breaches or threatened breaches of these Terms of Service in order to prevent irreparable injury or preserve the status quo.
This arbitration agreement is entered into pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C.
sections 1-16.

 Notwithstanding the above, YOU MAY CHOOSE TO PURSUE YOUR CLAIM IN COURT AND NOT BY ARBITRATION IF YOU OPT OUT OF THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT WITHIN 30 DAYS AFTER YOUR FIRST DOWNLOAD OR USE OF TING’S SERVICES.
You must opt out by this deadline for each service.
You may opt out of this arbitration agreement by calling 1-855-846-4389 or completing the opt-out form available from us at help.ting.com.
Any opt-out received after this deadline will not be valid and you must pursue your claim in arbitration.

 If the arbitration provision applies or you choose arbitration to resolve your disputes, then either you or we may start arbitration proceedings by sending the other a letter requesting arbitration and describing the claim to begin arbitration.
The American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) will arbitrate all disputes.
For claims less than $1,000, the AAA's Commercial Arbitration Rules will apply.
The AAA rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879.
In the event that AAA is unable to handle the arbitration for any reason, then the matter shall be arbitrated by a neutral arbitrator selected by agreement of the parties, pursuant to the AAA rules of procedure.
We will pay any costs that are required to be paid by us under the AAA rules.
Even if not otherwise required, we will reimburse you up to $500 for any initial arbitration filing fees that you have paid.
We will also pay any fees of the arbitrator and the arbitration administrator for the first two days of any hearing.
If you win the arbitration, we will reimburse you for any fees you paid to the arbitration organization and/or arbitrator.
All other fees will be allocated according to the AAA rules.
If you are unable to afford any fees that you would otherwise be required to pay, you may request that we pay or reimburse them, and we will consider your request.

 CLASS ACTION WAIVER.
WE EACH AGREE NOT TO (1) SEEK TO PROCEED ON ANY CLAIM IN ARBITRATION AS A CLASS CLAIM OR CLASS ACTION OR OTHER COMPARABLE REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.
(2) SEEK TO CONSOLIDATE IN ANY ARBITRATION ANY CLAIMS INVOLVING SEPARATE CLAIMANTS, UNLESS ALL PARTIES AGREE.
(3) BE PART OF, OR BE REPRESENTED IN, ANY CLASS ACTION OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVE ACTION BROUGHT BY ANYONE ELSE.
NOR (4) SEEK ANY AWARD OR REMEDY IN ARBITRATION AGAINST OR ON BEHALF OF ANYONE WHO IS NOT A NAMED PARTY TO THE ARBITRATION.
IF THESE TERMS RELATING TO CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEDURES ARE LEGALLY UNENFORCEABLE FOR ANY REASON, THEN THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE WILL BE INAPPLICABLE TO THAT CLAIM, AND THAT CLAIM WILL INSTEAD BE HANDLED THROUGH LITIGATION IN COURT RATHER THAN BY ARBITRATION.
NO ARBITRATOR SHALL HAVE AUTHORITY TO ENTERTAIN ANY CLAIM ON BEHALF OF A PERSON WHO IS NOT NAMED PARTY, NOR SHALL ANY ARBITRATOR HAVE AUTHORITY TO MAKE ANY AWARD FOR THE BENEFIT OF, OR AGAINST, ANY PERSON WHO IS NOT A NAMED PARTY.

 JURY TRIAL WAIVER.
If a claim proceeds in court rather than through arbitration, (a) WE EACH WAIVE THE RIGHT TO HAVE A TRIAL BY JURY, and (b) any court case will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal or state courts located in the federal judicial district that includes your address at the time the arbitration is filed, unless the parties agree otherwise.
 Limitation of Liability  In the case of a dispute that ends up in court, you and we agree that neither you nor we will be held responsible for indirect, special, incidental, consequential, exemplary or punitive damages of any kind.
That applies to business partners too.
Really, it’d be much better for all involved to stay out of the courts in the first place.
If things end up there anyway, any claims can only be for actual, direct damages, unless prohibited by law.

 There are things we can’t take responsibility for.
If you reach out to us, we’ll certainly try to help, but that should be considered offering a courtesy rather than taking ownership.
Those things include but are not limited any act or omission by any company or business partner that provides service or equipment to Ting.
These may also include, any damages as a result of a product or service made by a third-party and any unauthorized or disputed services that appeared more than 30 days earlier in your online account.
You also agree that we’re not responsible for any lost voicemails or address book contacts, text messages, photos and any other media, files or data on your devices regardless of how they were lost.

 TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF TING, AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS, FOR ANY CLAIMS UNDER THESE TERMS, INCLUDING FOR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, IS LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT YOU PAID US TO USE THE SERVICES (OR, IF WE CHOOSE, TO SUPPLYING YOU THE SERVICES AGAIN).

 IN ALL CASES, TING, AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS, WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE THAT IS NOT REASONABLY FORESEEABLE.

 WHEN PERMITTED BY LAW, TING AND TING’S SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS, WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR LOST PROFITS, REVENUES, OR DATA, FINANCIAL LOSSES OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES.
 Indemnification  In using Ting products and services, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless us, our affiliates, employees, partners, officers, agents and employees from any and all liabilities, settlements, penalties, claims, causes of action and demands brought by third parties (including any costs, expenses or attorneys’ fees on account thereof) resulting from your use of our products and services, or use of our devices, products and services by another person who uses our devices, products or services, whether based in contract or tort (including strict liability) and regardless of the form of action.
 Notices  If you’re not happy, please give us a chance to fix it.
You can get in touch with us by phone, by email, help ticket or by other electronic means as linked on the Ting website.
Notices are considered effective once we receive them in writing via help@ting.com.

 If we can’t resolve the issue between us, you can file a complaint to the FCC: 
 Federal Communications Commission  Washington, DC 2054 
 Anything we send you will be to the last known physical address or email address we have on file for you.
We may also reach out via text message or phone call to a phone number we have on file for you.
 Effect of Terms Of Service  These Terms of Service are the only rules which govern our relationship.
Ultimately, they trump any other oral or written communications or understandings with regard to products, services and the terms under which they are provided.

 If any part of these Terms of Service is declared invalid or unenforceable, the remainder is still considered valid and enforceable.

 We do have the ability to waive any part of these Terms of Service.
Such waivers are only valid if they’re in writing.
Waiving a part of the Terms of Service does not mean the entire document is waived and waiving a part of the Terms of Service in one instance does not mean it’s waived in all instances.

 Just because we do not to enforce a part of these Terms of Service now does not mean we can’t or won’t choose to do so later.
 Export  You agree that you’re not buying any devices from us in order to export them and/or the information stored on them elsewhere (foreign or domestic).
Likewise, you agree that any trade or transfer of Devices purchased through Ting will be done in accordance with US trade regulations and export control laws.
 Assignment  These Terms of Service apply to you alone.
You can’t delegate any of your duties or assign any of the rights afforded you without prior written consent.
We may assign all or part of these Terms of Service and any debts owing us without notice.
 Trademarks and Other Intellectual Property  You agree that the Ting name, logo and other devices are registered trademarks of Tucows Inc.
and that you won’t misappropriate, dilute, besmirch or otherwise violate our intellectual property rights.

 You agree that you will not hack, reverse engineer, copy, modify, redistribute or resell any of our intellectual property.
That includes but is not limited to the Ting website, mobile apps, billing systems, algorithms or any of the other stuff we’ve worked hard to create.
Doing so would be a violation of these Terms of Service.
 Our Warranties and Disclaimers  We provide the Services using a commercially reasonable level of skill and care and we hope that you will enjoy using them.
But there are certain things that we don’t promise about the Services.

 Your remedy should we fail to uphold this warranty is limited to the amount paid for the products or services covered by the warranty.

 OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET OUT IN THESE TERMS OR IN A SEPARATE WRITTEN AGREEMENT PROVIDED TO YOU BY TING, NEITHER TING NOR ITS SUPPLIERS OR DISTRIBUTORS MAKE ANY SPECIFIC PROMISES ABOUT THE SERVICES, INCLUDING ANY EQUIPMENT PROVIDED TO YOU BY TING, ITS DISTRIBUTORS OR SUPPLIERS.
FOR EXAMPLE, WE DON’T MAKE ANY COMMITMENTS ABOUT THE CONTENT WITHIN THE SERVICES, THE SPECIFIC FUNCTION OF THE EQUIPMENT OR SERVICES, OR THEIR RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, OR ABILITY TO MEET YOUR NEEDS.
WE PROVIDE THE SERVICES AND EQUIPMENT “AS IS.” 
 SOME JURISDICTIONS PROVIDE FOR CERTAIN WARRANTIES, LIKE THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE EXCLUDE ALL WARRANTIES.
 Ting Mobile Services Introduction  If you get a device directly from us and you do not alter or modify it in an unauthorized way (as laid out in this Terms of Service) it will work with the services we offer and that you have entered into a billing arrangement with us to use.

 Devices purchased from someone other than Ting, that have been modified or altered or that are no longer covered under warranty, are not guaranteed to work with Ting.
In a case like this, the only surefire way to restore your service may be to purchase a new device.
 Ting NG plans  With Ting Mobile service, you are billed a flat monthly fee for each device or phone number that’s active on your account for all or part of your billing period.

 For plans with data usage included, once the cap is reached, the line will be throttled to 128Kb until the next billing cycle or a top up of data is purchased by you.
Top up data can be purchased self served through Ting Mobile.
If hotspot data is included in your plan, it will pull from the same data bucket as your current allotment.
 Ting Legacy PPU  With Ting Legacy PPU, you are billed an active line fee plus any usage of call minutes, text messages or data usage during your billing cycle.

 If you change from your Ting Legacy PPU to any of the Ting NG plans, you will not be able to change it back.
 Active Line Fee  With Ting Legacy PPU , you are billed a flat “active line fee” for each device or phone number that’s active on your account for all or part of your billing period.

 Deactivating and reactivating the same device multiple times in a given billing cycle will result in multiple “active line fees” for that device.
 Call Minutes  Call minutes can be used to make phone calls to numbers in the US or internationally (subject to the surcharges outlined on our website).
When you’re outside the United States and we have a partner network where you are, they can be used to make calls there too, subject to Ting mobile roaming rates outlined on our website.

 Calls are billed in one-minute increments, rounded up to the nearest whole minute.
The timer on a voice call starts the second the network begins to process the call, which maybe before you hear it ringing.

 The time of a call, as it appears on your Ting bill, is determined from the location of the network equipment (i.e., “the tower”) that processes the call.

 If you make a call to Directory Assistance, you’ll use your voice minutes and pay a surcharge as outlined on our Rates page on our web site.

 We will not directly complete any calls to 1-900, 1-976 or other pay-per-call services.
 Text Messages  Standard message rates for text messages and picture messages apply when a message is sent or received, whether it is read or viewed.
Text messages sent or received while outside the United States are billed at our standard message rate plus an additional surcharge.
Visit our website for text messaging rates.

 Messages which include multimedia (such as video, audio, or images) also count as data usage, based on the size of the file attached to the text message.
 Data Usage  Standard data rates for data usage apply when data is sent or received.
Note that devices or apps may send or receive data without your explicit consent and the only way to completely prevent this from happening is to turn off mobile data in your Ting account.

 Data usage while outside the United States is billed at our standard data rate plus an additional surcharge.
Visit our website for data usage rates.
 Excessive Usage  If the usage on your account is high or in any way seems excessive or uncharacteristic of your account up to that point, we may suspend access to call, SMS and/or data services and notify you when we do.
This is something that only happens very rarely, and is generally done to prevent you from discovering a shockingly high bill.
 Roaming Within The United States  Your device may connect to another provider’s network even if you are within a Ting coverage area (“off-network roaming”).
We reserve the right to terminate your Ting mobile service at our sole discretion, with reasonable allowance for you to make other arrangements, if your off-network roaming is determined to be excessive.
 Roaming While Outside the United States  International roaming is turned off on all new accounts by default.
Enabling international roaming as a feature requires a minimum of three months of service, previous usage on your account, and for your account to be in good financial standing.

 When you enable international roaming on your account, you are expressing your intent to roam internationally and you agree to pay all charges associated with international roaming.
Depending on where you go with your Ting phone, roaming can incur significant charges over and above the regular Ting rate for minutes, messages and megabytes of data used.
A better option for international roaming is an unlocked phone and a local prepaid SIM specifically for your destination, a prepaid phone that you purchase when you get there, or a combination of Wi-Fi and a calling or messaging service when needed (e.g., Skype).
Ting international roaming rates can be found on our web site.
 Third Party Charges  We are not liable for any charges for products or services provided by third parties, including but not limited to apps, software and other paid services.
Any unauthorized or disputed charges would have to be taken up directly with the third party.
 Lost and Stolen Devices  If your device is lost or stolen, you agree that you will let us know immediately by contacting us through any of the means outlined on the Ting website.

 Once we receive your notice, we’ll suspend service to the errant device.
Until this notice is received and the device is suspended, you are responsible for any usage or charges it incurs on your account.

 California customers: For charges incurred before you notify us, you are not liable for charges you did not authorize, but the fact that your device or account was used is evidence of authorization.
You may request us to investigate charges you believe were unauthorized.
We may ask you to provide information and you may submit information to support your request.
If we determine the charges were unauthorized, we will credit your account.
If we determine the charges were authorized, we will inform you within 30 days and you will remain responsible for the charges.
 Mobile Phone Number  Your mobile phone number is yours to use as long as the Ting phone associated with it is active.
If you deactivate said phone or decide to leave Ting mobile service, we may give the phone number you were using with the service to someone else without notice.
To avoid this from happening, you should transfer your number to another device (if you’re staying with Ting) or transfer (“port”) it to another mobile provider (if you decide to cancel your Ting mobile service.) 
 Under certain circumstances we may be required to change your mobile phone number.
We don’t expect this ever to be an issue, but if it becomes necessary, we will notify you in advance.

 Please note that local phone numbers (local area codes) may not be available in all areas that Ting service is offered  Network Coverage  Ting mobile service is only available in the areas covered by Sprint and Verizon (for CDMA coverage) and / or T-Mobile networks (for GSM coverage).

 Network coverage is not available everywhere.
Even in places where our coverage maps show coverage, conditions both within and outside of our control can affect the quality of service.
Things like terrain, weather, the type of device you’re using and other factors can impact the quality of service you receive.
 Call Completion  We are not responsible for failures to connect calls, including those placed to 911 or other emergency services.
If you have occasion to call 911, always state the nature of your emergency, your location and your phone number as the operator may not receive this information automatically.

 You should never rely solely on your mobile phone for emergency calls, including calls to 911.
 Device Warranties  New devices purchased from Ting come with a one year warranty that begins on the original date of sale.
Refurbished devices purchased from Ting come with a 30-day warranty from the original date of sale.
Devices purchased new or used from someone other than Ting are not covered by any Ting warranty.

 If your device is defective, please contact us to check if it's eligible for a warranty replacement.
If eligible, we'll replace the defective device with a new or refurbished device of the same or comparable model of our choosing.

 Your warranty only covers defects in materials or workmanship.
It does not cover defects arising from damage or normal wear-and-tear.

 The warranty covers issues such as software-related problems, activation problems, camera defects, unresponsive keys, multiple dead pixels, etc.

 The warranty does not cover issues like diminishing battery life, scratches, damage from drops (including into toilets or anywhere else), accidental damage, coverage issues, or software incompatibility or problems with third-party apps.

 Attempting to 'root' or otherwise 'mod' your device will immediately void its warranty.
Modifications made to a device are made entirely at your own risk and we are unable to help you recover or modify services associated with the device.

 Visible physical damage to your device as outlined in this clause will void its warranty.

 If you need to return a device, we'll send you a prepaid shipping label.
At that time you’ll have 21 days to get the device back into our hands.
The clock starts when we send you the shipping label.
We may send you reminders along the way but ultimately, it’s on you to get it back to us expediently.

 If we don’t receive the device within 21 days we'll assume you chose to keep both the defective device and the replacement we sent you.
At that point, we will charge you for the full cost of the replacement and any related shipping fees as applicable.

 You must return all the components (charger, cables, manual, etc.) along with the defective device.

 You will not receive the defective device back.
Rather, we will dispose of it on your behalf.

 If components are missing, we will charge a nonrefundable missing parts fee as outlined here: 

 Battery: $20.00 
 Charger: $10.00 
 USB Cable: $3.00 
 SD Card: $5.00 
 Manual: $3.00 
 Other parts: At our sole discretion 

 Your defective device must be returned in good condition - other than the defect that’s the subject of the warranty claim, that is.

 If the device is determined to have some type of damage that voids its warranty (e.g.
liquid damage, 'modded' OS, etc.), we may charge a nonrefundable damage fee at our sole discretion.

 Depending on the extent of the damage, this fee may be up to the full retail price of the device.

 Please ensure that any Activation Lock (Apple) or device Protection (Android) has been turned off before you return a device.
If these features are active when we receive a returned device, our technicians may not be able to properly assess said device.
This may result in a return, replacement, refund or other remediation being delayed or denied.
You may also be automatically billed for the replacement device you received, if applicable.

 The limits of what we provide above relate to the device itself.
Friendly advice: Be sure to backup your phone before you send it off for warranty replacement.
We are not responsible for any consequential damages from the loss of your device, the loss of your data, or the time you are without your device.

 EXCEPT FOR ANY WRITTEN WARRANTY APPLICABLE TO A DEVICE (AS SET FORTH ABOVE IN THIS SECTION), ALL DEVICES, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “WITH ALL FAULTS” AND WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE DEVICES, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PROVIDED HEREUNDER OR ANY SOFTWARE USED IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, AND TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WARRANTY OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE, QUALITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, PERFORMANCE OR ACCURACY.
WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
WE DO NOT PROMISE ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED SERVICE AND DO NOT AUTHORIZE ANYONE TO MAKE WARRANTIES ON OUR BEHALF.
WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT YOUR COMMUNICATIONS WILL BE PRIVATE OR SECURE.
IT IS ILLEGAL FOR UNAUTHORIZED PEOPLE TO INTERCEPT YOUR COMMUNICATIONS, BUT SUCH INTERCEPTIONS CAN OCCUR  Ting Internet Services Introduction  Ting provides fixed Internet access to customers, both individuals and businesses, within designated serviceable areas on towns listed on our website.

 We offer speeds of up to 1 gigabit to homes and businesses.
We also offer a 5 mbps service to homes.

 To access Ting Internet, you must agree to installation of Ting Internet at your location subject to the terms outlined below.
Once you have access your usage of the service should fall within the guidelines for acceptable use outlined below, as well as the rest of these Terms of Service.
 Installation  We may need access to your premises in order to complete the installation of Ting Internet service at your address.

 You agree that we can install and affix equipment both inside and outside your premises (the “Premises”) at any reasonable location.
You agree that our installers may need to drill holes in the premises to bring cables indoors.
You agree and give permission that we may use any existing facilities in and around your Premises, including existing wiring.
Likewise, you attest that you have the authority to provide such permissions.

 If you rent or otherwise don’t own the Premises, you are solely responsible for securing the required permission for installation to take place on the Premises as outlined above.
You may be asked to provide written evidence that you have requested and been afforded all necessary permissions to complete the installation and you should be prepared to present said evidence before installation begins or really, at any time.
If you don’t properly secure these permissions from the property owner and said owner decides to take legal action against us, you agree that you are responsible for all legal costs.

 Acceptance of these Terms doesn’t guarantee that we will install or provide services.
We may need a separate agreement with your landlord in order to do the installation.

 You grant us a non-exclusive license twenty (20) feet in width for underground or aerial telecommunication lines in, on, along, through, across, and under the Premises to connect our network to the demarcation point located inside or outside of the Premises, together with the right to Ting, its successors, assigns, contractors, and agents, to construct, install, operate, maintain, inspect, repair, renew, remove, and relocate at any time, optic cable, conduit connections, and facilities, to run fiber optic cable and install all other appurtenant equipment, including an Optical Network Terminal (“ONT”) (all hereinafter called “Ting’s Equipment”), and the right of ingress and egress over the Premisesand the adjacent lands for the purposes of this license, and the right to trim, cut, or remove any trees, brush, undergrowth or obstructions on the Premises which obstruct or interfere with the use of this license by us, and for doing anything necessary or useful or convenient in connection with all the foregoing.

 Ting or its contractors or agents will install Ting’s Equipment on the Premises.
The cost of installation is due upon installation.
You will also be responsible for the payment of any additional costs incurred in connection with the installation caused by unforeseen or undisclosed circumstances.

 Ting’s Equipment will at all times remain the personal property of Ting, it successors or assigns, and may be removed by us upon the termination of this Agreement.

 In the event you have identified the boundaries of the Premises to us in connection with the location of Ting’s Equipment, the cost of relocation of any of Ting’s Equipment due to an error in such identification will be your responsibility.

 It is the your responsibility to locate and mark any private utilities.
Any damage caused to private utilities due to an error in such identification will be your responsibility.
 Installation Fee  You may be required to pay an installation, construction, connection or other similar fee when signing up for Ting Internet, at or around the time of installation.
If we determine that the address is not a residential address, we reserve the right to change the service from a residential to a business service, which may mean extra cost for installation or for monthly services.
Any installation or similar fees are non-refundable once we have completed your installation.
 Monthly Access Fee  With Ting Internet service, you are billed a flat “monthly access fee” for each Internet Access location on your account for all or part of your billing period.

 If you wish to upgrade to a higher speed during the month, you can do so immediately.
We will prorate the new price for the remainder of the month and begin charging you the new fee in full at the beginning of the next billing cycle.

 If you wish to downgrade to a slower speed during the month, you may do so immediately.
We do not offer full or prorated refunds or credits when you downgrade your service.

 Ting Internet service is meant for use in a single-family dwelling (most people just call it 'home') or a single business location such as a store or office.
We love modern families and innovative coworking spaces.
That said, sharing a single Internet connection among multiple units—including but not limited to apartments, boarding rooms, homes or business suites—is not permitted.

 We do have provisions in place for multiple unit buildings: Landlords, property managers, real estate developers, etc.
should please contact us directly to discuss these options.

 Other services that are not necessary to use Ting Internet (nice to haves like static IP addresses, for example) may be available at extra cost.
The most up to date and complete pricing is always found on the Ting Internet website.
 Static IP Addresses  When you subscribe to our services, you will receive a dynamic public IP address.
For an additional monthly fee, available on our website, we can provide you with static IP addresses.
The address you are provided is for your use while you are a customer of Ting Internet.
It is not transferrable and you have no ownership rights over that IP address.

 We may on rare occasions need to change the static IP address you have provided.
In such case we will do our best to contact you in advance so you can make arrangements for the change.
 Internet Access Equipment  We may provide equipment to you in connection with your Ting Internet service.
You agree that you are responsible for this equipment and that you may be charged a fee for replacement of the equipment.
The costs for renting or replacing this equipment are subject to change and all pricing and fees are detailed on the Ting website.
Ting will always strive to price our equipment close to our costs.
We’re only interested in covering our shipping and equipment costs.
We encourage our customers to buy the equipment over renting it.
You agree not to use this equipment for any purpose outside of accepting Ting Internet service.
Likewise, you agree that we may push software updates to this equipment as necessary, without express notice.
 Cancelling Services  You can cancel your service at any time.
Upon cancellation, your Services will be available until the end of the billing cycle you cancel within.
Refunds will not be pro-rated.

 Upon cancellation, you may be required to pay for certain construction or installation fees that were waived at the time you first signed up.

 If you cancel service, you may be required to return certain equipment used to provide Services to you.
Details on how to return equipment will be sent to you via the email address we have on file.
Failure to return equipment according to the terms and timelines contained in that email may result in a charge up to and including the full purchase price of the equipment.
If that happens, the equipment would then belong to you.
 Termination of Services  Ting Internet reserves the right to terminate some or all of the Services it provides to you at any time, in its sole discretion, for any reason, without notice.
 Businesses  Business services are bound by these Terms of Service.
Construction, installation, service and other fees may be higher for business users.
Business account holders are responsible and liable for all use of the Services, as outlined in these terms.
 Network Management  Ting is committed to providing an excellent user experience that supports any lawful product, service, or application that you choose to access through the Ting Internet service.

 To do so, Ting Internet engages in reasonable network management practices.
In order to provide a better customer experience, we intend to both cache content ourselves and to locate third-party content caches on our network.
We will do this based upon user demand for content as we, in our sole discretion, determine appropriate.
To be clearer, this is a practice we will engage in in order to provide a better customer experience, not generate revenue.

 Use of Ting Internet services is governed by various service terms and conditions that are available here.
The information provided does not change the rights or obligations under those terms and conditions of either you or us.
 Level of Services  We do not engage in traffic shaping and our service is offered without usage-based fees or volume-based caps.

 Ting Internet is offered in several distinct packages.
One inexpensive 5mbps download and 5mbps upload offering and two full gigabit offerings, one for home and one for business.
In all cases, speeds listed are the top possible speed which may not be achievable at all times.
This bandwidth is shared between all devices on the local network that is accessing the Service.

 Numerous other factors can impact Internet speeds, including, but not limited to, the type of networking equipment used within the home, the capability of networked devices (often the greatest limiter), the capacity of Internet sites you’re accessing as well as network congestion, to name a few.
 Network Neutrality  We do not and will not engage in deep packet inspection beyond the IP, TCP and UDP headers.
We will not drop specific Internet traffic in order to preserve the integrity of the network.
Likewise, we do not prevent or impede the use of any other lawful product or service that subscribers choose to access via Ting Internet service, provided the use of that product or service does not violate these Terms.

 Ting does not favor or inhibit any applications or classes of applications except as described in these Terms.

 In the unlikely event that demand exceeds network capacity, we may intervene to ensure everyone on the network has a positive experience.
In case of acute network congestion, Ting Internet bandwidth will be shared out as equally as possible to everyone accessing lawful content, services and applications.
We may also intervene in the course of responding to an Internet threat.
This could mean slower performance across the board while a problem is being addressed.

 Ting does not actively limit the types of devices you can use with Ting Internet service.
Any device that supports IPv4 and/or IPv6 using either Ethernet or Wi-Fi standards and provided it does not violate any item in these Terms of Service (i.e., doesn’t cause harm to the network, others or the Service) is welcome.
 Network Security  Ting monitors its networks in order to address threats to the network and to subscribers.
We reserve the right to intervene, taking whatever action we deem necessary, to protect the integrity of the network and, for our part, the Internet at large.
This includes rights all the way up to terminating or suspending the Ting service of anyone that engages in any activity that violates these Terms of Service.

 We use industry-standard tools, policies and best practices to distance subscribers and other Internet users from the negative parts of the Internet.
That includes (but is not limited to -- this is a legal document, after all) threats like viruses, spam, denial of service attacks and other unsavory elements of the Internet.
 Acceptable Use of Ting Services Acceptable Use of Ting Services  This Acceptable Use Policy includes your usage of all Ting products and services (henceforth referred to as “Ting Service” and “Services”) and is hereby incorporated into and a part of these Terms.

 Don’t do anything that would be considered misuse as laid out in this Acceptable Use Policy.
That includes but is not limited to stuff that would adversely impact other’s use and enjoyment of the Services.
Your acceptance of these Terms and of the Accepted Use Policy (which is implicit in your use of the Services) is acceptance of the responsibility for all activity relating to your account, whether that activity originates with you or with someone else accessing your Services.

 You are legally and financially responsible for any and all activity on your device and your service, regardless of who initiates the activity.
 Using Ting Internet Services  Be a good online citizen and we’ll get along just fine.

 In short, don’t download things illegally, don’t fall afoul of DMCA and make sure you lock down your wireless router, because you’re ultimately responsible for all traffic originating from your Services.

 Don’t be a bully or a mean troll.
The Internet is a better place when people do good things for each other.

 If you are using the Services in a residence or other location you do not own or control (such as a hospital, hotel, etc.), you may have agreements related to the Services with property owners, managers, or other third parties outside these Terms.
Ting is not a party to such agreements and therefore is not responsible for nor bound to them.
 Unacceptable Use  There are lots of different things you can do with your Ting Service.
That said, there are some very specific things that we don’t want you using your Ting Service for.
We call this “Unacceptable Use”.

 For most people, here is everything you need to know about the types of things that we don’t want you to use Ting Services for.


 Do not use Ting services to do illegal, fraudulent, threatening or abusive things.

 Don’t do things that interfere with or negatively impact other people’s use of the service or the networks.


 For everyone else, here is more detail.

 There are two broad types of usage that are unacceptable.


 usage that is explicitly against the law, and.

 usage that Ting does not want to be associated with.


 In both cases, use of the Ting Service for either of these types of use is a violation of these Terms and may be grounds for immediate and permanent termination of your Ting Service.

 Here’s a tip - generally speaking, if you are reading The Official List of Things You Should Never Use Your Ting Service For to figure out if your use of the service is permitted or not, it probably isn’t.
Acceptable use is broad and far reaching, and unacceptable use typically lives in the gray area that surrounds acceptable use.

 We will update The Official List of Things You Should Never Use Your Ting Service For to take into account new types of Unacceptable Use and more explicitly state what types of use we find unacceptable.
This is our list and we have the final say at our sole discretion in what usage we define as unacceptable and how that usage is defined and on occasion we may consider activity not specifically listed here to be inappropriate.
You explicitly agree to these terms as a condition of your continued use of the service.
If you don’t agree with these terms, your sole recourse is to discontinue all use of your Ting Service.
 The Official List of Things You Should Never Use Your Ting Service For 
 Unsolicited email, email bombing, proxy email for the purposes of spamming, USENET spam and any and all forms of bulk unsolicited commercial advertising: This includes sending or receiving of mass unsolicited email (SPAM), the direct sending and receiving of such messages, support of such messages via web page, splash page or other related sites, or the advertisement of such services, the sending, return, bouncing or forwarding of email to specified user(s) in an attempt to interfere with or overflow email services, the use of dedicated services to proxy email unsolicited users, the use of dedicated services to act in concert with other services located inside and outside the network to achieve mass unsolicited email (SPAM) to unrelated third parties, the use of dedicated services to send, receive, forward, or post UseNet unsolicited email or posts.

 Illegal Uses: This includes, but is not limited to: death threats, terroristic threats and any other uses related to terrorism, threats of harm or harassment to individuals, organizations or businesses, multi-level marketing schemes, “ponzi schemes”, invasion of privacy, credit card fraud, facilitating, participating in or promoting “high yield investment plans” or “Ponzi schemes” with the intent to defraud, racketeering, defamation, slander and advocating human violence and hate crimes based upon religion, ethnicity, or country of origin.

 Child Pornography: Just don’t.
We have a zero tolerance policy on child porn and we’ll turn you over to the authorities and cooperate with them as much as we possibly can to help them in their investigation of your activity.

 Interfering with networks, devices or services: This includes the use of dedicated services or network services for the origination or control of denial of service attacks or distributed denial of service attacks, the storage, distribution, fabrication, or use of malware including virus software, root kits, password crackers, adware, key stroke capture programs and other programs normally used in malicious activity, any activity associated with “phishing”, or “pharming” (and all other variants of those activities) or systems designed to collect personal information (name, account numbers, usernames, passwords, etc.) under false pretenses and all activity related to illegally or maliciously gaining access to a system, device or network to which you do not have explicit permission to do so.

 Copyright Infringement: This includes direct copyright infringement as defined and noted under Title 17, Section 512 of the United States Code.

 Distracted driving: Stay alive, don’t text, dial or otherwise use your phone while driving.
Be smart about safety and make sure you’re operating within the laws and regulations where you are.
Even if it is legal, consider whether or not it is safe.
Ting is not liable for unwise decisions you make in this regard.

 Content, Security and Applications  We are not responsible for the content or security of voicemail, messages, photos or contact lists or other information you create.

 Back-up your stuff.
We’re not responsible for the data stored on your device(s), regardless of where it comes from or what might happen to it.

 The Internet is a big place.
Not everything you’ll find there is nice and some of what you find will be unsuitable for minors.
Please keep this in mind.
We’re not responsible for stuff that’s accessed or stored using Ting services.
We provide access to the Internet, not all the content it contains.

 While we make efforts to keep the network secure, no network security is perfect.
You are ultimately responsible for the security of your data and for taking the appropriate measures to protect it.
We can’t take responsibility for any damages to users of the Services that may be caused by unauthorized third parties.

 Not all applications (“apps”) work on all devices or systems.
When you use applications and “app stores” using your devices through our mobile or fixed networks, it’s according to the terms and conditions laid out by those individual applications and in accordance with their privacy policies and fee structure, where applicable.
 Reporting Unacceptable Use  Any use of Ting Service that might be unacceptable should be reported.
Please send details, to help@ting.com.
We may not acknowledge your report, but we will review and take action as appropriate.
 Avoiding the Tragedy of the Commons  We will approach each instance on a case-by-case basis and work to resolve outstanding issues in a fair and responsible manner.
In most cases we would notify you of an alleged violation of the Acceptable Use Policy before we took any action, but not in all cases.
Our intention is to work with our customers and the Internet community to ensure that your use of our network and other networks doesn’t interfere with the enjoyment of the network by other individuals, and vice versa.
In instances where these interests conflict, we will make a final determination that is binding on all parties involved.

 To this end, Ting can refuse service to any individual, group, or business and may discontinue service without notice for any violation of the Acceptable Use Policy.
 Privacy Policy Collection and Use of Personal Information  We collect the following personal information from you: 

 Contact Information such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number.

 Billing Information such as credit card number, and billing address.

 Unique Identifiers such as user name, account number, and password.

 Usage activity about how you interact with us such as purchase history, what content you viewed, and which areas of our site you visited.
and 
 Information about your computer such as your IP address, browser type, referring/exit pages, and operating system.


 We use this information to: 

 Fulfill your order.

 Send you an order confirmation.

 Respond to customer service requests.

 Administer your account, including allowing you to (a) login to, navigate, and use our website.
(b) view and adjust the services you have purchased from us inside your account.
and (c) pay your bill or update your billing information.

 Send you communications about how to use our services, including your phone(s).

 Send you communications about new service offerings.

 Solicit your feedback on the quality of our customer service.
and 
 Respond to your questions and concerns.

 Choice/Opt-Out  You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails or you can contact us at help@ting.com.
 Information Obtained from Third Parties  We obtain address information about you from third party sources, such as the US Postal Service, to verify your address so we can properly ship your order to you and to prevent fraud.

 If you provide us personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us.
 Disclosure to Third Parties  We provide your personal information to the shipping company when you purchase a device from us.
We also use certain software vendors to manage our customer support, credit card processing, and fraud detection.
Our contracts with each of these companies requires them to keep your information safe and secure and not to share the information with anyone other than Ting.
We do not sell or share your information with any third-parties so they can market to you.
 Tracking Technologies  We may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about how you and others interact with our Web site.
For example, we will know how many users access specific areas or features within our site and which links they clicked on.
We use this aggregated information to understand and optimize how our site is used, improve our marketing efforts, and provide content and features that are of interest to you.
 Security  The security of your personal information is important to us.
When you provide sensitive information (such as a credit card number) to us, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
We also follow generally-accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.

 If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at help@ting.com  Data Retention  We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.
If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at help@ting.com.
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
 Other Information  Our Web site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums.
You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them.
To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at help@ting.com.
In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so.
 Correcting and Updating Your Personal Information  To review and update your personal information to ensure it is accurate, you should first log in to your account and review your contact information.
If you have difficulties, please contact us at help@ting.com.
 Notification of Privacy Statement Changes  We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices.
If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective.
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
 These terms are effective as of November 22, 2020 Top Get started 
Plans
Shop
Check your phone
Activate
 Explore 
Partner with Ting
People Love Ting
Why Ting
 Learn more 
About us
Blog
Jobs
 Support 
Contact us
Help
Community forums
Shipping &amp.
returns
 © 2020 DISH Wireless L.L.C.
 All rights reserved 
 Sitemap 
 Terms 
 Returns 
 Privacy 
 Help 
 Terms 

