
        Autodesk Tinkercad Privacy and SecuritySafeguarding the privacy of our users is fundamental to our mission and critical to our reputation.
Because Tinkercad is often used in education, our privacy and security practices are carefully designed to protect students and provide a safe learning environment.We don’t sell your data.We don’t sell your data or create profiles of Tinkercad users to sell.
By offering Tinkercad for free, we hope to inspire new generations to explore Autodesk’s full portfolio of design software in the future, allowing them to imagine, design and make anything!We don’t advertise in Tinkercad.We are committed to supporting education experiences that are free from advertising.You control who sees your content.Other users cannot view your content until you make it public.
You own the content you create in Tinkercad and you have the ability to download your content or use it with a different product.
You can delete your content, personal information or account at any time.Student work is private to their Tinkercad Class by default.Teachers using Tinkercad Classrooms control what is shared and with whom.
Unless teachers choose to share, no student work is visible outside of the Tinkercad Class, or to other students within the Class.We use security industry best practices.This means we do things like provide secure communication with our servers, and perform regular security audits and risk assessments to help keep your information secure.We are transparent about our privacy practices.We strive to make our privacy policies easy to understand.
If we make material changes to our Children’s Privacy Statement, we will let you know.We comply with applicable laws, including FERPA, COPPA, and GDPR.We proudly comply with applicable privacy laws.
Click below to download the Tinkercad Student Data Privacy Agreement.
After you’ve reviewed it, please sign and return the agreement to student.dpa@autodesk.com.

Tinkercad Student Data Privacy Agreement (U.S.
only)
Tinkercad Student Data Privacy Agreement (Outside U.S.)

Additionally, you can read Autodesk’s Privacy Statement, Children's Privacy Statement and Terms of Service.
Additional questions? Check out Tinkercad’s Privacy FAQ or contact support
