
This Privacy Policy explains our practices, including your choices, regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information.
Protecting your personal information is important to us.
By accessing this Site or using our Services (as those terms are defined in the Terms of Service), you agree to this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Service, please do not access this Site or otherwise use our Services.
This notice is required by federal law.
When state law is more protective of individuals than federal privacy law, we will protect information in accordance with state law.Personal Information We CollectWe may collect the following categories of information for the purposes identified below.
Please note that the examples are not an exhaustive list and may fall into multiple categories.
Categories and specific pieces of information collected may vary depending on the nature of your relationship with us.CategoryPurpose of UseWhat may be included in this categorySome examplesInternalAuthenticate your identity.
create, maintain and secure your account with us.
maintain your preferences.Knowledge and Belief, Authenticating, PreferencePasswords, PIN, mother’s maiden name, individual interestsHistoricalComplete a transaction or provide a service for which the personal information was collected.
conduct analytics and modeling.Personal historyPast claims, prior insurance carriers, prior addresses, medical history, criminal historyFinancialProcess your billing.
make payments.
complete a transaction or provide a service for which the personal information was collected.Account, Ownership, Transactional, CreditCredit card number, bank account, records of real or personal property, credit, income, loan records, taxesExternalIdentify information to verify you.
complete a transaction or provide a service for which the personal information was collected.
deliver product offerings that may be relevant to you.
conduct analytics.Identifying, Ethnicity, Gender, Demographic, Medical and Health, Physical CharacteristicsName, username, government issued identification, social security number, gender, browsing behavior, age range, income bracket, physical and mental health, medical recordsSocialEstablish your communication preferences.
complete a transaction or provide a service for which the personal information was collected.
process your policy, account or claim.Professional, Criminal, Public Life, Family, Social Network, CommunicationJob titles, work history, school attended, convictions, charges, marital and family status, email, telephone recordingsTrackingContact you.
provide relevant information.
provide a location-based product or service requested by you.
conduct analytics.Computer or Mobile Device, Contact, LocationIP Address, geolocation, email address, physical address, telephone number, countryDo Not Sell My Personal InformationWe collect certain information ("nonpublic personal information") about you and the members of your household ("you") from the following sources:
We receive and store information about you from a variety of sources:


Information you provide to us: we collect the following categories of information directly from you: Internal, Historical, External, Financial, Social.
Specifically, we collect information you provide to us, for example, in your application, which includes your name, date of birth, email address, physical address, phone number, payment method, and as applicable to pay claims, bank account information.
We may also collect your policy or claim information.
If you submit any such information relating to people other than yourself, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy;

Information we collect automatically: we collect the following categories of information indirectly from you: Tracking.
Specifically, we collect information about you and your use of this Site and our Services, such as your interactions with us and our online advertising, as well as information regarding your computer or other device used to access our Services.
This information includes:
your activity on gettoggle.com, use of our social media sites, and your interaction with our online advertisements;
device IDs or other unique identifiers;
device and software characteristics, connection information, statistics on page views, referring source, IP address (which may tell us your general location), browser and standard web server log information;
details of your interactions with our support representatives, such as date, time, and reason for contacting us, transcripts of any chat conversations, and if you call us or we call you, your phone number and call recordings;
details about your transactions with us, our affiliates or others, such as your policy coverage, premiums, and payment history.
and
details collected via the use of cookies, web beacons and other technologies.



Information obtained from other sources: we also obtain the following categories of information from other sources: Historical, External, Financial, Social.
We protect this information according to the practices described in this Privacy Policy, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data.
The sources vary over time, but the information collected includes:
credit report information, insurance credit score, and claims history from a consumer reporting agency or insurance support organization;
details of your interactions with select strategic partners with which we offer co-branded Services or engage in joint marketing activities.
and
details about you from publicly available sources.


How We Use Your Personal InformationWe may use information about you to:

Provide a quote, underwrite and rate policies, respond to your questions, fulfill service requests, and complete your transactions;
Process claims and/or provide you with support;
Confirm or correct certain information about you;
Send you information that we believe may interest you;
Personalize your experience while using our Services;
Facilitate social media sharing that you authorize;
Help us prevent fraud and other crimes;
Comply with applicable laws and regulations.

Conduct our business, including the development of new products and services;
Perform other functions, as permitted by law.

How We Protect Your Personal InformationWe use reasonable organizational, technical, and administrative measures to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and unauthorized access, use, and modification.
Our policy is to restrict access to personal information about you to only those persons who need to know that information to provide products or services to you or to provide necessary technical support.Personal Information We DiscloseWe are part of the Farmers Insurance Group of Companies®, which includes affiliates that offer a variety of financial products and services in addition to insurance.
Sharing information enables our affiliates to offer you a more complete range of products and services.

We may disclose your personal information to our affiliates, which include:

Financial service providers such as insurance companies and reciprocals, investment companies, underwriters and brokers/dealers.
and
Non-financial service providers, such as management companies, attorneys-in-fact and billing companies.
We are permitted by law to share with our affiliates about our transactions with you.

In addition, we may share consumer report information, such as information from your credit report, and certain application information that we have received from you and from third parties, including consumer reporting agencies and insurance support organizations.
We may disclose your personal information to non-affiliated third parties that perform marketing services on our behalf or with which we have joint marketing agreements or to otherwise help us manage or service our business, such as insurance support organizations and consumer reporting agencies.
Please be aware that information we share with insurance support organizations and consumer reporting agencies, such as your claims history, may be retained by them and disclosed to others.
We do not share or sell your personal information with or to any nonaffiliated third parties for their own marketing purposes.

We may also disclose your personal information to comply with any court order or other legal process, to comply with or respond to any governmental or regulatory requirements.
to protect our rights or safety or property, or in connection with a merger, transfer of assets or other corporate restructuring.
We do not disclose any personal information about you, as our customer or former customer, except as described in this Privacy Policy.Sharing Personal InformationIn accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), we may disclose your personal information, for a business purpose, to a third-party service provider.
When we disclose personal information to a service provider for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
We share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:

Service providers which may include, but are not limited to:
Internet service providers
Data analytics providers


Government entities
Consumer reporting agencies
Insurance support organizations

In addition to sharing your personal information with third-party service providers, we may share your information as permitted by applicable federal law as described in our customer privacy notices.
In the previous twelve (12) months, we may have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose: internal, historical, financial, external, social and tracking.
In the previous twelve (12) months, we have not sold your personal information to third parties as that term is defined by the CCPA.Your Choices
Email. If you no longer want to receive certain communications from us via email, simply click the "unsubscribe" link in the email.
Please note that you cannot unsubscribe from service-related correspondence from us, such as messages relating to your account transactions.

If you want to opt-out of all electronic communication, including service-related correspondence, you may do so by emailing us at support@gettoggle.com with the following subject line “WITHDRAW ELECTRONIC CONSENT.” The body of the email must include your name, policy number, effective and expiration dates of the policy, the effective date of your withdrawal and whether you want (a) all communications to be in paper form and (b) your insurance policy to be sent to you in paper form.


Push Notifications. You can choose whether or not to receive mobile push notifications from us.
If you subsequently change your mind, you can use your mobile device's settings functionality to modify your preferences.

Interest-Based Ads. Interest-based ads are online ads tailored to your likely interests based on your use of various apps and websites across the Internet.
If you are using a browser, then cookies and web beacons can be used to collect information to help determine your likely interests.
If you are using a mobile device, tablet, or streaming media device that includes an advertising identifier, then that identifier can be used to help determine your likely interests.
For your choices about interest-based ads from us, please see the Cookies and Internet Advertising section (below).

The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information.
This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.

Right to Access/Right to Know. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months.
You may request to know only the categories of personal information or the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request we will disclose to you (as applicable to your request):

The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with which we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased.
and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.



You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access twice within a 12-month period.

Right to Request Deletion. You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected and retained, subject to certain exceptions.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.

Exercising Access and Deletion Rights. To exercise the access or deletion rights described above, a verifiable consumer request can be made to us by either:

Dial 1-855-327-6548 Monday to Friday from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m.
Pacific time.
The representative will collect information from you for verification and to initiate your request.
Submit a request through our CCPA Web Form.
Within three to five business days of receipt of your request, a representative will call you at the number you provide in order to collect any additional information from you necessary for verification and to initiate your request.

Additional information will be required for verification purposes.
The specific elements may vary depending on the nature of your relationship with us but will begin with name, address, phone number and date of birth.
These elements will be matched with data in our systems.
Only you, or an authorized agent, may make a request related to your personal information.
You may also make a request on behalf of your minor child.

If you designate an Authorized Agent to act on your behalf with regard to a request to know or delete, you must provide us with a notarized affidavit.
A sample affidavit is available for download from the CCPA Web Form.
Alternatively, a valid power of attorney may be provided.
Responses to requests for access will be provided directly to the consumer.
You may make a request to know the categories of information or specific pieces of information.
For requests that seek the disclosure of specific pieces information, you may be asked to complete and provide a signed declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the consumer who is the subject of the request.
A sample declaration is available for download from the CCPA Web Form.

If we are unable to verify you based on the information you have provided and the information in our systems, we will advise you that we cannot complete your request based on an inability to verify you.Do Not Sell My Personal Information/Notice of Right to Opt OutUnder CCPA, the sale of your personal information means the sharing of your personal information with certain third parties.
Under CCPA, consumers have the right to direct a business that sells personal information about the consumer to third parties not to sell the consumer’s personal information.
Currently, we do not share your personal information in a manner that would be considered a sale under CCPA.
We only disclose your personal information in a manner consistent with applicable federal law or to our service providers pursuant to contracts that prohibit the service provider from using your personal information for any purpose other than those services specified in the contract.
If, in the future, we share your information in a manner that will be considered a sale under CCPA, this privacy notice will be updated.
Although we do not currently share personal information in a manner that would be considered a sale under CCPA, you may still submit a request to opt out.
You may do so through either of the following methods:

Dial 1-855-327-6548 Monday to Friday from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m.
Pacific time.
The representative will collect information from you for verification and to initiate your request.
Submit a request through our CCPA Web Form.
Within three to five business days of receipt of your request, a representative will call you at the number you provide in order to collect any additional information from you necessary for verification and to initiate your request.

You may also designate another person or business entity registered with the Secretary of State (“Authorized Agent”) to act on your behalf with regard to the right to opt-out.
You must provide the Authorized Agent written permission to do so.
One way to do so is to provide us with a notarized affidavit.
A sample affidavit is available for download from the CCPA Web Form.

Request to Opt-In. If you would like to opt in after opting out of the sale of personal information, you may do so through either of the following methods:

Dial 1-855-327-6548 Monday to Friday from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m.
Pacific time.
The representative will collect information from you for verification and to initiate your request.
Submit a request through our CCPA Web Form.
Within three to five business days of receipt of your request, a representative will call you at the number you provide in order to collect any additional information from you necessary for verification and to initiate your request.

Additionally, we do not and will not share the personal information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the "right to opt-in") from either the consumer who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13 years of age.
However, if you are the parent or guardian of a consumer who is a minor under 13 years of age, you may opt-in for the sale of the minor’s information by providing a consent form to us that is signed under penalty of perjury.
A sample form can be found on the CCPA Web Form.
Consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time.

Response Timing and Format. We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt.
If we require more time (up to an additional 45 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
We will deliver our written response by mail.
Disclosures we provide may only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt.
The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.

Non-Discrimination. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights.

Contact for More Information. If you have additional questions related to our privacy policies and practices, please contact us at 1-855-327-6548.Other Websites, Platforms and ApplicationsOur Services may be provided through and/or utilize features operated by third-party platforms, or contain links to sites operated by third parties whose policies regarding the handling of information may differ from ours.
These websites and platforms have separate and independent privacy or data policies, privacy statements, notices and terms of use, which we recommend you read carefully.
In addition, you may encounter third party applications that interact with our Services.
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of third-party websites or platforms, even though our name or logo may appear on those sites or platforms.
We encourage you to be aware of this when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that you visit.
Our Privacy Policy applies solely to our Site and Services.Children and MinorsWe make no active effort to collect personal information from children and do not wish to receive any such information.
If we learn that personal information has been collected from anyone under the age of 18 through this Site or our Services, we will take the appropriate steps to erase this information.
Also, if it comes to our attention that a registered user is a child under 18 years of age, we will cancel that user's account and/or access to the Services.Modifications to This Privacy PolicyWe reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy in the future.
We will provide you notice of any changes (including when they will take effect), as required by law.
Your continued use of our Site or Services after any such updates take effect will constitute acceptance of those changes.
If you do not wish to accept the updates to our Privacy Policy, you may cancel your use our Services.Cookies and Internet AdvertisingA cookie is a message sent to your browser from a web server that is stored on your computer's hard drive.
The message is sent to the web server whenever the browser requests a page from that server.
Many commercial internet sites use cookies.
In general, cookies allow us to identify you as a particular user and thus provide you with a more customized service.
We may also use cookies to track customer or user requests, inquiries and traffic patterns or to determine audience size and repeated usage.
We use web beacons (also known as pixel tags or clear gifs) to help manage online advertising.
These files enable us to recognize a unique cookie on your web browser, which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to our website.
With both cookies and Spotlight technology to measure online advertising, the information that we collect and share is anonymous and not personally identifiable.
It does not contain your name, address, telephone number, or email address.
You may opt out of accepting cookies by changing the settings on your browser.
However, rejecting cookies may prevent you from using certain functions and you may have to repeatedly enter information to take advantage of services or promotions.
We do not currently support Do Not Track signals, but may in the future.
When you visit our website, other parties may collect personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different websites.
Notwithstanding any other provision, we may work with a third party partner who may collect information from you, such as your IP address and information about your browser or operating system, and may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser for the purpose of enabling interest-based content or advertising to you.
The cookies placed by our third party partners contain no personally identifiable information, but may contain demographic or other interest-based data in a de-identified form.
The information in these cookies may be linked to data you voluntarily submitted to us, such as your name, postal address or email, which we may share in hashed or encrypted form.
To opt-out of these data provider cookies, please go tohttp://www.aboutads.info/choices.Your Rights to Access and CorrectionYou have the right to know the contents of any personal information about you that is in our records.
You also have the right to receive a copy of this information and to request that we correct, amend or delete any of the information that you feel is in error.
To exercise these rights, you must send us a written request, via email, to support@gettoggle.com.
If you request correction, amendment or deletion of any erroneous information, we will review your request and, if the requested changes are in order, we will make the appropriate changes in our records.
If we cannot make the change, then you have the option of filing a statement of the reasons why you disagree with our decision, which will be included in our records so anyone reviewing the disputed personal information will have access to it.
Any future disclosure made by us, if any, will also include your filed statement.
We will also provide a copy to anyone designated by you who may have received recorded personal information from us in the past two years.
In any case, whether we can or cannot comply with your request to correct your personal information, we will advise you of our decision in writing.
These rights do not extend to information collected in connection with or in reasonable anticipation of a claim, or civil or criminal proceeding, or to specific items of privileged information when an applicant or policyholder is suspected of fraud, material misrepresentation or material nondisclosure.

Signed:


21st Century Premier Insurance Company


Mid-Century Insurance Company


Toggle Insurance Company


The above is a list of the insurers on whose behalf this privacy notice is being provided.
It is not a comprehensive list of all insurers comprising the Farmers Insurance Group of Companies®.

