
        Cookie Policy Welcome to the TGTG Platform owned by:
Too Good To Go ApSLandskronagade 66 2100 København ØDenmark
CVR-nr.
37561304
With this Cookie Policy, Too Good To Go ApS ("TGTG", "we") informs you about our use of cookies and other data collection tools to collect data that helps us personalize your use of our website and mobile applications ("Platform").
We are concerned with adequately protecting your data.
Therefore, we will observe the applicable legal provisions for the protection, lawful handling and non-disclosure of data, as well as for data security.
We also work with a variety of business intelligence and analytics companies (“Partners") that use various technologies including cookies to collect data about your use of the Services (such as pages visited, ads viewed or clicked on) so that we can better deliver experiences to you based on your interests and online activities:

1.
What are cookies?
“Cookies” are data files stored within your browser when you interact with a website.
These data files allow the site to recall important information about your visit and help improve your experience.
By using this technology, we are also able to make it easier for visitors to register for accounts, order Products and to remember and process the orders you have placed via the Platform.
The vast majority of web browsers allow the use of cookies.
However, you do have the ability to control and decline cookies by modifying the settings on your browser.
If you use several browsers, remember to modify the settings in all of them.
Please note, if you do this you may lose some of the functionality of the Platform.

2.
Consent
Some cookies are technically necessary for our Services.
Such technically necessary cookies do not require your prior consent.
All other cookies require your prior consent, which we will obtain via the cookie banner on the Platform.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent via the cookie banner on our Platform.

3.
What types of cookies do we use
We use several different types of cookies:

Necessary cookies: Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website.
The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Preference cookies: Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in
Statistic cookies: Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Marketing cookies and social media plug-ins: Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites.
The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third-party advertisers.
Thus, we may share this information with third parties for this purpose.

We also use marketing cookies in the form of social media plug-ins from social networks.
By embedding the plug-ins, the social network receives the information that a user has accessed the corresponding page of the website.
If the user is logged in to the social network, the operator of the social network can match the visit to the website to the user’s personal account.
If users interact with the plug-ins, for example by clicking the "Like" button or recommend us on social media, the corresponding information is transmitted by your browser directly to the operator of the social network and saved there.
Even if a user is not a member of a social network, there still exists the possibility that the operator of the social network will learn and save the user’s IP address as well as information on the browser and operating system s/he uses.

4.
Third-party cookies
We use and allow third parties on our Platform.
We do not control the cookies of third parties.
Please see the list of third-party cookies in the cookie overview in section 6 below.

5.
Retention period
Most cookies on our website are so-called session cookies.
They are automatically deleted when you leave our website.
Persistent cookies, on the other hand, remain on your computer until the cookies either reach an expiration date set by us or are manually deleted by you in your browser.
Please see the specific retention periods in the cookie overview in section 6 below.

6.
Cookie overview Should you have any questions, you can contact:
Too Good To Go ApSLandskronagade 66 2100 København ØDenmark
Contact Us
Learn more about who we are how we process personal data in our privacy policy
Version 11 October 2019.
