
         TourOfCalifornia.org Road Cycling
Mountain Biking
Hiking & Backpacking
Climbing & Mountaineering
Menu Latest Activities
Mountain Biking: Orange County Parks
Mountain Biking: Santa Ana Mountains
Hiking / Backpacking: Mount Langley
Hiking / Backpacking: Split Mountain
Mountaineering: Cayambe, Ecuador
Road Cycling
Gran Fondos &amp.
Centuries
Super Centuries
Double Centuries
Multi-Day Rides
American &amp.
European Rides
Popular Posts
Road Cycling: California Coast
Road Cycling: Redwood Coast
Road Cycling: Top Bike Climbs in California
Road Cycling: Top Bike Climbs in America
Road Cycling: Rating Bike Climbs
TourOfCalifornia.org
Map App
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Bernd Straehle Disclaimer Last Updated: 01/18/2021 The information provided by Bernd Straehle ("we", "us", or "our") on TourOfCalifornia.org (the "Site") to our users ("you" or "your") is for general informational purposes only.
All information on the Site and our mobile application is provided in good faith, however we make no representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied, regarding the accuracy, adequacy, availability, completeness, reliability, or validity of any information on the Site and our mobile application.
Under no circumstance shall we have any liability to you for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the Site and our mobile application or reliance upon any information provided on the Site and our mobile application.
Your use of the Site and our mobile application and your reliance upon any information on the Site and our mobile application is solely at your own risk.
The Site and our mobile application contain links to other websites or content belonging to or originating from third parties.
Such external links can be identified by a dashed underline and are not checked, investigated, or monitored for accuracy, adequacy, availability, completeness, reliability, or validity by us.
We do not endorse, guarantee, warrant, or assume responsibility for the accuracy, adequacy, availability, completeness, reliability, or validity of any information offered by third-party websites linked through the Site.
We will not be a party to or in any way be responsible for any transaction between you and third-party providers of products or services.
See Also: Privacy Policy Â© 2006 - 2021 TourOfCalifornia.org.
All rights reserved.

      