
         Privacy Policy Town &amp.
Country Markets Inc.
takes your privacy seriously.
We never share or sell any information you give us via this web site to any third party, including advertisers or partners.
This Privacy Policy describes practices in reference to www.townandcountrymarkets.com.

Mailing Lists

Email addresses of users are stored when they voluntarily subscribe to any or all of our different email services.
Other information may include the store you shop most frequently.
Customers may remove themselves from any mailing list by following the instructions contained in every email, and their email addresses are removed from the lists.
Or, they can unsubscribe at: https://www.townandcountrymarkets.com/my-account.

Job Applicants

Town &amp.
Country Markets uses iCIMS Inc., a third-party, Web-based job application service, for our job application process.
Applicants are automatically redirected to that site when they click off the Job Opportunities landing page on our site.
Applicants voluntarily submit personally identifiable information throughout the process relating directly to the job application process, and it is collected, stored and protected by iCIMS Inc.
in a secure, off-site facility with restricted access.
This data is stored to allow for the decision-making process related to job opportunities, including future position consideration and placements.
To read the entire iCIMS privacy policy, visit: www.icims.com/content/privacy.asp Relevant data is preserved by Town &amp.
Country Markets as required for record-keeping.
Access to the application data within Town &amp.
Country Markets is kept in a secure environment and is limited to individuals within the Town &amp.
Country Markets Human Resource Department and on a restricted basis to managers involved in hiring decisions.
Applicants can log on to the Town &amp.
Country Web site’s JOB OPPORTUNITIES pages to remove, correct or update that information.

Conclusion

If you have any questions about this policy, please direct inquiries to customerservice@tc-markets.com
