
         Skip to main content 


 Search 
 FAQ 
 Certified Used Vehicles 
 Owners 
 Espaňol 
 Set Location&nbsp.





 Toyota Toyota 
 Select Vehicle 
 Shopping Tools 
 Find A Dealer 
 Build &amp.
Price 
 Local Specials 
 ZIP 






 Legal Terms 
 CONTACT US 
 SITE MAP 
 ACCESSIBILITY 
 YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS 
 LEGAL TERMS 
 CALIFORNIA PRIVACY 
 Legal Terms
Last Updated Date: January 1, 2021
These Terms of Use (the "Terms") set forth the legally binding terms governing your access to and use of the Toyota family of Web sites, Web pages, interactive features, applications, widgets, blogs and their respective contents and unless otherwise indicated, any other interactive content that links to the Toyota family of Web sites owned and/or U.S.A., Inc.
(hereinafter referred to as "Toyota"), and any materials on the Sites are owned by Toyota or its operated by Toyota (as defined herein) (collectively, the "Sites").
The Sites are operated by Toyota Motor Sales, affiliated companies, or licensed by Toyota from third parties and posted on the Sites.
These Terms apply to all persons who visit any of the Sites ("Visitors"), regardless of the Visitor's level of participation.
In these Terms, "you" and "your" refer to each Visitor and his or her agents (unless the context requires otherwise), and "we", "us" and "our" refer collectively to Toyota.
These Terms explain our obligations to you, and your obligations to us in relation to the use of the Sites.
By accessing and visiting any of the Sites you accept and agree to be bound by these Terms, any applicable Additional Terms (as defined below), and our Privacy Policy.

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY.
THESE TERMS INCLUDE AN AGREEMENT TO MANDATORY ARBITRATION, WHICH MEANS THAT YOU AGREE TO SUBMIT ANY DISPUTE RELATED TO YOUR USE OF ANY OF THE SITES TO BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION RATHER THAN PROCEED IN COURT.
THE DISPUTES/ARBITRATION PROVISION ALSO INCLUDES A CLASS ACTION WAIVER, WHICH MEANS THAT YOU AGREE TO PROCEED WITH ANY DISPUTE INDIVIDUALLY AND NOT AS PART OF A CLASS ACTION.
THIS AGREEMENT ALSO INCLUDES A JURY WAIVERP.
DO NOT ACCESS OR USE ANY OF THE SITES IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS IN THEIR ENTIRETY.

THE SITES ARE ONLY INTENDED FOR VIEWING IN THE CONTINENTAL UNITED STATES IF YOU ARE EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS OR OLDER AND NOT A MINOR IN YOUR STATE OF RESIDENCE.
If you are not an intended viewer, kindly do not use or view any of the Sites.
We may at any time revise these Terms by updating these Terms.
All revisions to these Terms are effective immediately when we post them and apply to use of the Sites thereafter.
The "Last Updated Date" at the top of this Agreement will indicate when the latest modifications were made.
To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, your continued use of any of the Sites constitutes your agreement to any modified Terms, and you should therefore visit the Terms to review the current Terms from time to time.
Furthermore, unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features or services that augment or enhance the Sites in the future shall be considered part of the Sites and subject to these Terms.
We reserve the right at any time and from time to time to interrupt, restrict, modify, suspend, discontinue, temporarily or permanently, any or all of the Sites (or any portion thereof), with or without notice to you, and you agree that Toyota shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of any or all of the Sites.
Moreover, we may terminate these Terms for any or no reason, and with or without notice to you.
Your rights under these Terms will terminate automatically without notice from us if you fail to comply with any provision of these Terms.
Upon termination of these Terms, you shall cease all use of the Sites.
Certain features of the Sites may require you to download content, software and/or agree to additional terms and conditions, policies and disclaimers (collectively, "Additional Terms"), which are hereby incorporated by reference into these Terms unless expressly set forth otherwise in such Additional Terms.
If there is a conflict between these Terms and any Additional Terms, the Additional Terms will control with respect to the specific feature.
NOTE THAT THESE TERMS APPLY ONLY TO THESE SITES.
OTHER SITES PROVIDED BY TOYOTA OR PROVIDED BY TOYOTA'S DEALERS, DEALER ASSOCIATIONS AND DISTRIBUTORS MAY HAVE SEPARATE TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT APPLY TO THE USE OF THOSE SITES.
These Sites are for your personal, non-commercial use.
Any other use of the Sites requires the prior written consent of Toyota.


DESCRIPTION OF THE SITES


SIGN UP TO RECEIVE INFORMATION.
ACCOUNT REGISTRATION


OWNERSHIP AND USE OF THE SITES


RESTRICTIONS ON ACCESSING AND USING THE SITES


MOBILE SERVICES/APPLICATIONS AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITES


DOWNLOADS FROM THE SITES


THIRD-PARTY PRODUCTS AND SERVICES AND LINKS


USER-GENERATED CONTENT


COPYRIGHT AGENT


OTHER COMPLAINTS AND COMMENTS TO TOYOTA


FORWARD TO A FRIEND OPPORTUNITIES


PRIVACY


INDEMNITY AND HOLD HARMLESS


DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES


LIMITATION OF LIABILITIES


NO OFFER TO SELL OR LEASE


MISCELLANEOUS


DISPUTES/ARBITRATION


CONTACT US

 1.
DESCRIPTION OF THE SITES.
The Sites contain information regarding Toyota and its products, services and promotional programs, including advertising, Toyota Trademarks (as defined below), pictures, information, digital images, featured articles, surveys, applications, contests and sweepstakes, and other content (collectively, "Content"), all of which is protected under copyright law and/or other federal and state laws.
Content may be in the form of text, data, music, sound, graphics, images, pictures, photographs, videos, software or other forms now known or later invented.
The Toyota products and services described on the Sites contain uniquely American specifications and equipment and are offered only in the continental U.S.A.
The promotional programs offered on the Sites are only available in the continental U.S.A.
and may be limited to particular states as described by the terms of such programs. 2.
SIGN UP TO RECEIVE INFORMATION.
ACCOUNT REGISTRATION.
You may opt-in to receive marketing materials from Toyota, including news and special event and new vehicle information.
If you opt-in you may be asked to provide your Personal Information (as defined below) to us so we can fulfill your request.
It is completely voluntarily to opt-in to receive these materials.
You may also opt-out of receiving any marketing materials from Toyota at any time by clicking here.
If you opt-in to receive information from Toyota, you may be required to provide your personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, phone number or email address ("Personal Information").
Further, if you register on any of the Sites, you may be asked to provide additional information, including your Vehicle Identification Number.
Please see our Privacy Policy for more information on how we protect your Personal Information.
If you opt-in to receive information from Toyota, you agree to provide true, accurate and complete information about yourself as prompted by the online or mobile forms.
You may also have the opportunity to register for an account on the Sites ("Account") to access and use certain features of the Sites, including certain applications offered by Toyota and certain specially-tailored products and services (e.g., for Toyota Owners).
If we have reasonable grounds (as determined by us in our sole discretion) to suspect that the Personal Information you provide for opt-in or registration purposes is untrue, inaccurate or incomplete, we have the right to refuse, with or without notice, any and all current or future requests you make through the Sites and/or to suspend or terminate your Account.
We shall have no liability associated with or arising from your failure to maintain accurate Personal Information in connection with your Account, including, but not limited to, your failure to receive critical information about Toyota and/or the Sites.
Your selection and use of an Account username and password, and any other information required for security access and authentication purposes, are subject to these Terms.
You agree not to share your username, password and any security-related information with anyone.
You are responsible for all use of your Account and for ensuring that access to and use of your Account complies fully with these Terms.
You acknowledge and agree that any use of your Account through your username, password and security information shall be deemed to be your actions which we may rely upon.
You are solely responsible for protecting the confidentiality and security of your Account. 3.
OWNERSHIP AND USE OF THE SITES.
Toyota or its affiliates own all right, title, and interest, and/or have a valid right to use and sublicense the Sites and all Content on the Sites, including, without limitation, all trademarks, service marks, logos and trade names used on the Sites (collectively, "Trademarks").
Toyota grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable right and license to access and use the Sites (including the Content and Mobile Services (as defined below)) for your own personal non-commercial use, subject to your compliance with these Terms, including, without limitation, the restrictions on use of the Sites.
Toyota may, in its sole discretion, suspend, discontinue or terminate this license to you at any time for any reason.
Toyota reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify, suspend, discontinue or permanently cancel any or all of the Sites' operation, or portions thereof, with or without notice to you.
You acknowledge and agree that Toyota will not be liable to you or any third party for any such modification, suspension, discontinuation or cancellation of any or all of the Sites' operation. 4.
RESTRICTIONS ON ACCESSING AND USING THE SITES.
As a condition to accessing and using the Sites in accordance with the license granted to you under these Terms, you agree to comply with the following rules:

You may not copy, download, distribute (including without limitation, forwarding to others), modify, publish, transmit, display, sell, license, use, reuse or create derivative works of any of the Content or other material displayed on the Sites, including without limitation, any trademark of Toyota or its affiliated companies, for any purpose whatsoever without our written consent and/or the consent of any third party we deem necessary;
You may not access or use any of the Sites in any way that could or is intended to damage or impair the operation of the Sites, or any Content of or material displayed on any of the Sites, or any server or network underlying the Sites, or in any way that interferes with anyone else's use and enjoyment of any of the Sites;
You may not frame or use framing techniques to enclose any part of the Sites without Toyota's prior written consent;
You may not access or use any of the Sites in any way that could or is intended to threaten, defame, abuse, assault, stalk, harass or otherwise violate the rights of any other person or entity, including without limitation, their rights of privacy or publicity;
You may not "spam" others or "phish" for, collect or store personal information about others;
You may not access or attempt to access any data, information, system or servers on which the Sites are hosted or modify or alter the Sites in any way;
You may not transmit or broadcast any commercial messages, text, photographs, video or audio content to or through any of the Sites.
and/or
You may not link or "deeplink" to, frame, or otherwise, reproduce any of the Sites without our prior consent, except that you may identify Toyota products by name or link to the Sites if you comply with the Guidelines for External Sites set forth below.

In addition, you agree to comply with all applicable laws, regulations and other legal requirements relating to your access to and use of the Sites.
You agree to immediately notify us if you suspect illegal, fraudulent or abusive activity, or any activity in violation of these Terms, including any unauthorized access to your Account.
If you notify us or if we otherwise suspect such activity, you agree to cooperate with us in any investigation and to use any prevention measures we prescribe. 5.
MOBILE SERVICES/APPLICATIONS AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITES.
If permitted or available through any feature or service on any of the Sites, you (a) upload content to any of the Sites or download content from any of the Sites via a mobile device, (b) receive and reply to messages from or on any of the Sites, or to access or make posts using text messaging, (c) browse any of the Sites from your mobile device and/or (d) access certain features through a mobile application you have downloaded and installed on your mobile phone (collectively the "Mobile Services"), you must have a mobile communications subscription (or have the consent of the subscriber of such mobile device) for the necessary carrier services with a participating carrier or otherwise have access to a mobile communications network through which Toyota makes the Mobile Services available.
You are responsible for any and all service fees associated with any such mobile access, including text messaging charges for each text message you send and receive on your mobile device, and all applicable data fees.
Your use of certain of the Mobile Services may incur charges and be subject to other terms from Toyota, which charges and other terms will be provided to you via separate terms and conditions for the applicable Mobile Services.
For instance, all terms and conditions applicable to your use and download of the Entune ® App Suite application may be found here.
Additionally, please check your wireless plan because your carrier's per-minute, text messaging, and data or other charges may apply.
You must provide at your own expense the equipment and wireless connections needed for you to use the Mobile Services, and you are solely responsible for any costs you incur to access the Mobile Services.
You should keep in mind that the use of the Mobile Services to send content to another person via email or SMS (Short Message Service, or "text messaging") may result in wireless charges to both the sender and the receiver. 6.
DOWNLOADS FROM THE SITES.
When you download any Content from any of the Sites (a "Download"), you understand that it is owned by Toyota, its affiliates and/or licensors, as applicable, and is protected by intellectual property laws.
Toyota hereby grants, and you hereby accept, a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable right and license to download and use the object code version of the Download(s) on your own computer and/or mobile device that is compatible solely for your own personal non-commercial use.
You acknowledge and agree that you may not reproduce, duplicate, modify, perform, transfer, post, distribute, sell, create derivative works of or otherwise use or make available the Download(s).
No license is granted to you in the human readable code, known as the source code, of the content downloaded, and no rights are granted to you in any patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks or any other rights in respect of the content of any Download(s).
You may not depict any Downloads on any merchandise or products of any kind or otherwise use any Downloads for commercial purposes.
You must provide all equipment and software necessary to connect to the Sites, including, but not limited to, a computer (with internet access) that is in working order and suitable for use in connection with the Sites.
You are responsible for ensuring that your equipment and/or software does not disturb or interfere with Toyota's operations or the Sites.
See Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liabilities for details related to downloads from Sites. 7.
THIRD-PARTY PRODUCTS AND SERVICES AND LINKS.
The Sites may contain links to other Web sites ("Third-Party Sites") as well as articles, photographs, text, graphics, pictures, designs, music, sound, video, information, applications, software and other content or items belonging to or originating from third parties (the "Third-Party Applications, Software or Content").
Such Third-Party Sites and Third-Party Applications, Software or Content are not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy, appropriateness, legality, timeliness, authenticity, reliability, or completeness by us, and none of the Toyota Entities (as defined below) are responsible for any Third-Party Sites accessed through the Sites or any Third-Party Applications, Software or Content posted on, available through or installed from the Sites, including without limitation, the content, accuracy, offensiveness, opinions, reliability, legality, privacy practices or other policies of or contained in the Third-Party Sites or the Third-Party Applications, Software or Content.
Inclusion of, linking to or permitting the use or installation of any Third-Party Site or any Third-Party Applications, Software or Content does not imply approval or endorsement thereof by us (or any of the other Toyota Entities).
If you decide to leave any of the Sites and access the Third-Party Sites or to use or install any Third-Party Applications, Software or Content, you do so at your own risk and you should be aware that, unless otherwise indicated, these Terms and any other Toyota terms and policies no longer govern.
You should review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of any Third-Party Site and any Third-Party Applications, Software or Content to which you navigate from any of the Sites or relating to any applications you use or install from any of the Sites.
We may also make available or provide access to products, services, or applications of Third Parties.
Such products, services, and applications shall be purchased and/or obtained directly from such Third Party.
NO TOYOTA ENTITY SHALL BE A PARTY TO, OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR, ANY TRANSACTION CONCERNING PRODUCTS, SERVICES, OR APPLICATIONS MADE AVAILABLE FROM SUCH THIRD PARTIES OR FOR ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION PRESENTED IN CONNECTION WITH ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES OR APPLICATIONS OF THIRD PARTIES.
NO TOYOTA ENTITY SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONTENTS OF ANY WEB SITE OR MOBILE SITE LINKED TO THE SITES, AND THE FACT SUCH LINKS ARE PROVIDED ON THE SITES DOES NOT INDICATE OUR APPROVAL OR ENDORSEMENT OF ANY MATERIAL CONTAINED ON ANY LINKED WEB SITE OR MOBILE SITE.
YOUR CONNECTION TO AND USE OF ANY SUCH LINKED WEB SITE OR MOBILE SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
Any Visitor including a link to the Sites or any Content or other information on any Third-Party Site or in any Third-Party Applications, Software or Content must follow the Guidelines for External Sites set forth herein.
If you would like to use Content or information or provide a link to any part of any of the Sites from any Third-Party Site or in any Third-Party Applications, Software or Content, you must read and agree to comply with the following guidelines and all applicable laws.

External Third-Party Site Use of Toyota Information

Third-Party Sites must have prior written approval before using any text, trademarks, graphics, photographs, or other materials or content from any Toyota source, such as any of the Sites, and other websites, brochures or other media operated or provided by any Toyota Entity.
Third-Party Sites and Third-Party Applications, Software or Content may use brand or model names in Web site text only to the extent reasonably necessary to identify Toyota products.
Any other use of any Toyota Trademark is prohibited without prior written Toyota approval.

External Third-Party Site Naming Guidelines

Third-Party Sites and Third-Party Applications, Software or Content may not use a brand, product name or other confusingly similar word or group of letters in a domain name that is similar to any Trademark of Toyota and/or its affiliated companies without prior written Toyota approval.

No Misrepresentation

Third-Party Sites and Third-Party Applications, Software or Content must not in any way imply that Toyota is endorsing it or its products or services.
must not misrepresent its relationship with Toyota.
must not present false information about Toyota.
must not be a Web site that infringes any intellectual property or other right of any person or that otherwise does not comply with all relevant laws and regulations.
and must not be a website that contains content that could be construed as distasteful, offensive or controversial.

Linking to any of the Sites

Third-Party Sites and Third-Party Applications, Software or Content may not use links to any part of any of the Sites in any way that implies sponsorship by or affiliation with Toyota.
Furthermore, when linking to any part of the Sites, the Third-Party Site and Third-Party Applications, Software or Content may not appear as a frame within the applicable page(s) of the Sites that provides the link or appear in any way that makes the destination site appear to be content belonging to the site containing the link.

External Third-Party Site Disclaimer

Any Third-Party Site and Third-Party Applications, Software or Content using Content, information from or linking to any part of the Sites must include a prominently displayed disclaimer on the home page stating that such Third-Party Site is not authorized by or affiliated with Toyota. 8.
USER CONTENT AND CONDUCT Where applicable on the Sites, you may be invited to post your own content ("User Content") understand that all User Content is your sole responsibility.
Though the Sites are designed to be a safe place to share such User Content, we cannot guarantee that other users and Visitors will not misuse the User Content that you share.
If you have any User Content that you would like to keep confidential and/or do not want others to use (including but not limited to, photos, images, videos, personal information, name, home address, telephone number, etc.), do not post it to the Sites.
Under no circumstances will Toyota be liable in any way for any User Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any User Content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any User Content posted, emailed or otherwise transmitted via the Sites.
TOYOTA IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR A USER'S OR VISITOR'S MISUSE OR MISAPPROPRIATION OF ANY USER CONTENT YOU POST TO THE SITES.
By posting any User Content at the Sites, you hereby grant Toyota a royalty-free, fully paid up, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive and fully sublicensable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, combine with other works, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, edit and display such User Content (in whole or part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed.
You specifically waive any "moral rights" in and to the User Content.
The foregoing grant includes, without limitation, any copyrights and other intellectual property rights in and to your User Content.
You represent and warrant that: you own the User Content posted by you on or through the Sites or otherwise have the right to grant the license set forth in this Section.
and the posting of your User Content on or through the Sites does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights or any other rights of any person.
You agree to pay for all royalties, fees and any other monies owing any person by reason of any User Content you posted to or through the Sites.
You acknowledge and agree that Toyota may preserve User Content and may also disclose User Content if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: comply with legal process.
enforce these Terms.
respond to claims that any User Content violates the rights of third parties.
or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Toyota, its customers, Visitors, and the public.
You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Sites, including your User Content, may involve: transmissions over various networks.
and changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.
You agree to each of the conditions in this Agreement and further agree that each of these conditions applies forever and broadly with regard to Toyota worldwide.
Posting of User Content to or through the Sites, including ideas or disclosures of opinions, is voluntary on your part.
No confidential or additional contractual relationship is established by your posting of User Content or is to be implied by our review or subsequent use of your User Content.
Toyota shall not be liable for any disclosure of any User Content, including opinion(s) or suggestion(s), you post to or through the Sites.
TOYOTA SHALL BE ENTITLED TO UNRESTRICTED USE OF ANY USER CONTENT IT MAY RECEIVE FROM YOU AT OR THROUGH THE SITES, FOR ANY PURPOSE WHATSOEVER, COMMERCIAL OR OTHERWISE, WITHOUT COMPENSATION TO YOU AS PROVIDER OF THE USER CONTENT.
You agree that you will not use the Sites to:

upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any User Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise unlawful or objectionable (including without limitation, nudity and depiction of drug use);
harm minors in any way;
impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to a representative of Toyota, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any User Content transmitted through the Sites;
upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any User Content that you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);
upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any User Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party;
upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes" or any other form of solicitation, except in those areas that are designated for such purpose;
upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, emulate, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
disrupt the normal flow of dialogue, cause a screen to "scroll" faster than other users of the Sites are able to type, or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other users' ability to engage in real-time exchanges;
interfere with or disrupt the Sites or servers or networks connected to the Sites, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Sites;
"stalk" or otherwise harass another;
collect or store personal information or data about other Visitors or users of the Sites, or disclose another user's or Visitor's personal information or data to any third party;
solicit personal information or data from anyone under 18 years of age.
and/or
"bot," "hack," "crack" or otherwise attempt to circumvent any access control, copyright protection or license-enforcement mechanisms associated with or related to the Sites.

You understand that by using the Sites, you may be exposed to User Content created by others that is offensive, indecent or objectionable.
Toyota does not endorse or have control over what is posted as User Content.
User Content is not reviewed by Toyota prior to posting and does not reflect the opinions or policies of Toyota.
Toyota makes no representations or warranties, express or implied as to the User Content or the accuracy and reliability of the User Content or any other material or information that you may access through the Sites.
Toyota assumes no responsibility for monitoring the Sites for inappropriate submissions or conduct, but reserves the right to do so.
If at any time Toyota chooses, in its sole discretion, to monitor the Sites, Toyota nonetheless assumes no responsibility for the User Content, has no obligation to modify or remove any inappropriate User Content, and has no responsibility for the conduct of the users or Visitors submitting any such User Content.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Toyota and its designees shall have the right to remove any User Content at any time, without notice and for any reason, including but not limited to, content that violates this Agreement or is otherwise objectionable, in Toyota's sole discretion.
You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any User Content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such User Content.
In this regard, you acknowledge that you may not rely on any User Content.
Toyota may store User Content indefinitely.
However, Toyota has no obligation to store User Content or make it available to you in the future.
You are solely responsible for your interactions with other Sites users and Visitors.
Toyota reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor disputes between you and other Sites users and Visitors.
Toyota reserves the right to terminate your access to the Sites if Toyota determines, in its sole discretion, that doing so is prudent.
You may submit reviews or other feedback on the Sites.
Any comments, suggestions, or feedback relating to the Sites (collectively "Feedback") submitted to Toyota shall become the property of Toyota.
Toyota will not be required to treat any Feedback as confidential, and will not be liable for any ideas (including without limitation, product, services, application, site, or advertising ideas) and will not incur any liability as a result of any similarities that may appear in the Sites, or its operations or business, in the future.
Without limitation, Toyota will have exclusive ownership of all present and future existing rights to the Feedback of every kind and nature everywhere and will be entitled to use the Feedback for any commercial or other purpose whatsoever, without compensation to you or any other person sending the Feedback.
You acknowledge that you are responsible for whatever material you submit, and you, not Toyota, have full responsibility for the message, including its legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality and copyright. 9.
COPYRIGHT AGENT.
We respect the intellectual property of others, and we ask all Visitors to the Sites to do the same.
If you are the owner of a United States copyright and you believe that your work has been copied on any of the Sites in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please contact and provide our Copyright Agent with the following information:

a physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest;
a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;
a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Sites;
your address, telephone number and email address;
a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law.
and
a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner's behalf.

Our agent for notice of claims of copyright or other intellectual property infringement can be reached as follows:
By Mail:
Copyright Agent
Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A., Inc.
P.O.
Box 259001
Plano, TX 75025-9001
By phone: 1-800-331-4331
By facsimile: 310-468-7814
By email: DMCA@toyota.com 10.
OTHER COMPLAINTS AND COMMENTS TO TOYOTA.
Communication to Toyota with respect to any product or service complaint should be directed to the applicable Toyota dealer or to Toyota's Customer Relations Services at 800-331-4331, and not through the Sites.
Please do not submit ideas or suggestions regarding current or future Toyota products, promotions or advertising.
For legal reasons, we do not accept such unsolicited ideas or suggestions. 11.
FORWARD TO A FRIEND OPPORTUNITIES.
You may forward information from any of the Sites to another individual person (a "Friend"), including via an email originating from any of the Sites.
We may request that you submit information about your Friends, including, without limitation, email addresses, social networks, including but not limited to, Facebook and Twitter, and their personal names so that they may receive the information you request to be sent to them.
We will use and store any such information or Personal Information that we collect from you about a Friend only to the extent necessary to carry out your request, and we will not use any such information for any other purpose unless the Friend consents to the use for such other purpose.
We reserve the right to limit the number of Friends you can submit or to limit the number of transmissions to any particular Friends from time to time.
You may not withdraw the contact information you provide for a Friend once it has been submitted.
The contact information for a Friend must be valid and functioning in order for us to contact him or her with the information you have requested that we send to your Friend.
We will not be responsible for validating your Friend's contact information you provide.
We may elect NOT to communicate with any email address if it appears to be on any of our "do not contact" or "do not email" lists, but are not required to make such an election.
Moreover, we will not communicate with any Friend via text message unless your Friend opts-in to receive text messages from Toyota.
In addition, we reserve the right to reject any request you make to forward to a Friend or email a Friend if (a) the contact information provided by you is incorrect or not valid, or (b) we determine in our sole discretion that the participation of such individual might be harmful to us, the Sites, any Service, or any third party for any reason.
We specifically disclaim any liability for exercising such right. 12.
PRIVACY.
You should review our Privacy Policy at https://toyota.com/support/privacy-rights for an explanation of our collection and use of personal information, and our tracking and targeting of your actions on and/or through the Sites, before further using the Sites, as you will be bound by the terms of such Privacy Policy, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Toyota Safety Connect® Connected Vehicle Services
 Your vehicle may be equipped with Connected Vehicle Services technology that electronically transmits Vehicle Data to Toyota.
These Services are called Safety Connect®.
You should review our Connected Vehicle Services Privacy and Protection Notice at www.toyota.com/privacyvts for an explanation of our collection and use of your Vehicle Data and Personal Information for Toyota Safety Connect®. 13.
INDEMNITY AND HOLD HARMLESS.
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Toyota and its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates, and their respective distributors, dealers, dealer associations and advertising and promotions agencies, licensors and contractors, together with each of their respective employees, agents, directors, officers and shareholders (collectively, "Toyota Entities", each a "Toyota Entity"), from and against all the liabilities, claims, damages and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs) arising out of your use of the Sites, your breach or alleged breach of any of these Terms, or your breach or alleged violation of the patent, copyright, trademark, proprietary or other rights of third parties with respect to any User Content you post to the Site. 14.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.
You understand and agree that your use of the Sites, any services of the Sites, and any downloads, is solely at your own risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your mobile device or computer or any other equipment or loss of data that may result from your use of the Sites.
The Sites and the Content are provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis without any warranty of any kind, expressed, implied or statutory.
WE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
Toyota makes no warranties that the Sites or any Content or other material obtained through herein will meet your requirements, or that the Sites will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, non-infringing or error-free.
You understand and agree that you are responsible for any and all charges, costs and/or expenses for access to or use of the Sites, including any Mobile Services.
No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from us or through the Sites shall create any warranty not expressly made herein.
You may not rely on any such information or advice.
To the extent jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties, some of the above exclusions may not apply to you.
We assume no liability or responsibility for any performance degradation, interruption or delays of any of the Sites, or errors or omissions in any Content or other materials on or through the Sites.
We do not make any warranty or representation that your use of the material displayed on, or obtained through, the Sites is non-infringing of any rights of any third party.
Any decision or action taken by you on the basis of information or content provided on the Sites is at your sole discretion and risk.
We are not responsible or liable for any such decision, or for the accuracy, completeness, usefulness, or availability of any content displayed, transmitted, or otherwise made available on the Sites. 15.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITIES.
EXCEPT IN JURISDICTIONS WHERE SUCH PROVISIONS ARE RESTRICTED, YOU AGREE THAT THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF ANY TOYOTA ENTITY TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PERSON, AND THAT YOUR OR ANY THIRD PERSON'S EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, IN LAW, IN EQUITY, OR OTHERWISE, WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICE PROVIDED UNDER THESE TERMS OF USE AND/OR FOR ANY BREACH OF THESE TERMS IS SOLELY LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT OF FIFTY CENTS ($0.50).
EXCEPT IN JURISDICTIONS WHERE SUCH PROVISIONS ARE RESTRICTED, NO TOYOTA ENTITY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES EVEN IF THE RELEASED PARTIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
TO THE EXTENT THAT A STATE DOES NOT PERMIT THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AS SET FORTH HEREIN OUR LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN SUCH STATES. 16.
NO OFFER TO SELL OR LEASE.
All of the information contained in the Sites is for informational purposes only, and in no way constitutes an offer to enter into any transaction for a Toyota vehicle, or other Toyota product or service.
The purchase of any Toyota vehicle shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable sale, lease or retail installment contract.
Any MSRP (Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price) listed on any of the Sites are in U.S.
dollars only and exclude tax, title, license and registration.
Actual dealer price may vary.
The Sites shall not be used or relied upon by you as a substitute for information that is available to you from an authorized Toyota automobile or parts dealer. 17.
MISCELLANEOUS.
(a) Notices and Announcements: Except as expressly provided otherwise herein, all notices to Toyota shall be in writing and delivered via overnight courier or certified mail, return receipt requested to:
Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A., Inc.
P.O.
Box 259001
Plano, TX 75025-9001
(b) Severability: If any provision of these Terms are unlawful, void or unenforceable, that provision is deemed severable from these Terms and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
(c) Applicable Law: These Terms and any disputes arising under or related to these Terms will be governed by the laws of the State of Texas, without reference to its conflict of law principles.
(d) Entire Agreement: These Terms constitute the entire, complete and exclusive agreement between you and us regarding the Sites and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings with respect to the subject matter of these Terms.
(e) Waiver: The remedies of Toyota set forth in these Terms shall be cumulative and not alternative, and the election of one remedy for a breach shall not preclude pursuit of other remedies.
Any failure by us, at any time or from time to time, to enforce any of our rights under these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right. 18.
DISPUTES/ARBITRATION.
PLEASE READ THIS PROVISION CAREFULLY.
IT INCLUDES AN AGREEMENT TO MANDATORY ARBITRATION, WHICH MEANS THAT YOU AGREE TO SUBMIT ANY DISPUTE RELATED TO YOUR USE OF ANY OF THE SITES TO BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION RATHER THAN PROCEED IN COURT.
THIS PROVISION ALSO INCLUDES A CLASS ACTION WAIVER, WHICH MEANS THAT YOU AGREE TO PROCEED WITH ANY DISPUTE INDIVIDUALLY AND NOT AS PART OF A CLASS ACTION.
THIS AGREEMENT ALSO INCLUDES A JURY WAIVER.
It is Toyota's goal that the Sites meet your expectations and that you are satisfied.
However, there may be instances when you have a problem or dispute that needs special attention.
In those instances, Toyota is committed to working with you to reach a reasonable resolution that satisfies you.
however, we can only do this if we know about and understand your issue.
Therefore, for any problem or dispute that you may have with Toyota, you acknowledge and agree that you will first give Toyota an opportunity to resolve your problem or dispute.
This includes you first sending a written description of your problem or dispute to Toyota Motor North America, c/o Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A., Inc., Toyota Customer Experience Center, P.O.
Box 259001 – Web Services, Plano, TX 75025-9001.
You then agree to negotiate with Toyota in good faith about your problem or dispute.
This should lead to resolution, but if for some reason your problem or dispute is not resolved satisfactorily within sixty (60) days after Toyota's receipt of your written description of it, you agree to the further dispute resolution provisions below.
You agree that the sole and exclusive forum and remedy for any and all disputes and claims that cannot be resolved informally and that relate in any way to or arise out of your use of any of the Sites and these Terms shall be final and binding arbitration, except to the extent that you have in any manner infringed upon or violated or threatened to infringe upon or violate any of the Toyota Entities' or any third party patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, privacy or publicity rights, in which case you acknowledge that there is no adequate remedy at law and that injunctive or other appropriate relief may be sought by the Toyota Entities and/or the applicable third party(ies) either in court or from an arbitrator.
You and we acknowledge that the Agreement affects interstate commerce and that the Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply to arbitrations under the Agreement (despite any other choice of law provision).
To the extent that the Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law do not supply substantive law necessary for the resolution of any disputes or claims, the laws of the State of Texas shall apply, except that Texas laws concerning choice of law or conflict of laws shall not apply if they would cause the substantive law of another jurisdiction to apply.
To the extent that the parties litigate any part of any dispute or claim in court, including, without limitation, obtaining provisional remedies in aid of arbitration, confirmation of the award, and judgment enforcement, the laws of the State of Texas shall apply, except that Texas laws concerning choice of law or conflict of laws shall not apply if they would cause the substantive law of another jurisdiction to apply.
Arbitration under this Agreement shall be conducted by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA").
The arbitration shall be administered by AAA pursuant to its Consumer Arbitration Rules.
If the arbitration results in an award, then judgment on the award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.
This clause shall not preclude parties from seeking provisional remedies in aid of arbitration from a court of appropriate jurisdiction.
You and we agree to pay our own fees, costs, and expenses, including those for any attorneys, experts, and witnesses. You agree that any claim for or award of attorneys' fees, including such claim or award pursuant of Chapter 38 of Texas Civil Practice and Remedies Code, is waived.
An arbitrator may award on an individual basis any relief.
As a limited exception to the agreement to arbitrate, you and we agree that you may take claims to small claims court, if your claims qualify for hearing by such court.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, NO ARBITRATION OR OTHER CLAIM UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE JOINED TO ANY OTHER ARBITRATION OR CLAIM, INCLUDING ANY ARBITRATION OR CLAIM INVOLVING ANY OTHER CURRENT OR FORMER VISITOR OF THE SITES, AND NO CLASS ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS SHALL BE PERMITTED.
In the event that this CLASS ACTION WAIVER is deemed unenforceable, then any putative class action may only proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction and not in arbitration.
WE BOTH AGREE THAT, WHETHER ANY CLAIM IS IN ARBITRATION OR IN COURT, YOU AND TOYOTA BOTH WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL INVOLVING ANY CLAIMS OR DISPUTES BETWEEN US. In no event shall any claim, action or proceeding by you related in any way to this Agreement be instituted more than two (2) years after the cause of action arose. 19.
CONTACT US.
If you have any questions, complaints or claims about any of the Sites, or if you are having any technical difficulties with any of the Sites, please email us through https://www.toyota.com/support/#!/app/ask or call us at 800-331-4331. Request A Quote Trade-In Value Shopping Tools 
 Trade-In Value 
 Build Your Toyota 
 Search Inventory 
 Find a Dealer 
 Local Specials 
 What Fits My Budget 
 Payment Estimator 
 Request a Quote 
 Accessories 
 Find Your Match 
 Toyota Certified Used Vehicles 
 Buy Parts &amp.
Accessories 
 Vehicles 
 All Toyota Vehicles 
 SUVs 
 Trucks 
 Cars 
 Crossovers 
 Alternative Fuel Vehicles 
 Hybrids 
 Hybrid Cars 
 Hybrid SUVs 
 TRD Pro Series 
 Nightshade Series 
 Helpful Links 
 Safety Recalls &amp.
Service Campaigns 
 Dealers 
 Deals and Incentives 
 Toyota Financial Services 
 Toyota Insurance Management Solutions 
 ToyotaCare 
 Toyota Safety Sense™ 
 Audio Multimedia 
 Mobile Phone Compatibility 
 Connected Services 
 Toyota Certified Collision Centers 
 Toyota Mobility Feature 
 Toyota Fleet 
 Rent a Toyota 
 Car Tips &amp.
Advice 
 Help 
 Contact Us 
 Accessibility 
 FAQs 
 About Toyota 
 Careers 
 Our Company 
 Shop Toyota Merchandise 
 Toyota USA Newsroom 
 Toyota Worldwide 
 Toyota Racing 
 TRD USA 
 Toyota Plant Tours 
 Language 
 Español 
 Toyota Proud Mobility Partner Go SIGN UP FOR TOYOTA UPDATES DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION Cookie Consent Options 
 Privacy Policy 
 California Privacy 
 Legal Terms 
 Site Map 
 [#] View All Disclosures ©2021 Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A., Inc.
All information applies to U.S.
vehicles only. The use of Olympic Marks, Terminology and Imagery is authorized by the U.S.
Olympic &amp.
Paralympic Committee pursuant to Title 36 U.S.
Code Section 220506.

MSRP excludes the Delivery, Processing, and Handling Fee of $955 for Cars (86, Avalon, Avalon HV, Camry, Camry HV, Corolla, Corolla HV, Corolla HB, Mirai, Prius, Prius Prime, Supra, Yaris HB, Yaris Sedan), $1,120 for Small/Medium Trucks, SUVs and Van (4Runner, C-HR, Highlander, Highlander HV, RAV4, RAV4 HV, Sienna, Tacoma), $1,325 for Large SUVs (Land Cruiser, Sequoia), and $1,595 for Large Truck (Tundra).
(Historically, vehicle manufacturers and distributors have charged a separate fee for processing, handling and delivering vehicles to dealerships.
Toyota's charge for these services is called the "Delivery, Processing and Handling Fee" and is based on the value of the processing, handling and delivery services Toyota provides as well as Toyota's overall pricing structure.
Toyota may make a profit on the Delivery, Processing and Handling Fee.) Excludes taxes, license, title and available or regionally required equipment.
The Delivery, Processing and Handling Fee in AL, AR, FL, GA, LA, MS, NC, OK, SC and TX will be higher.
The published prices do not apply to Puerto Rico and the U.S.
Virgin Islands.
Actual dealer price will vary.
2018 EPA-estimated 19 city/27 highway/22 combined mpg for Sienna FWD.
Actual mileage will vary.
2020 Avalon XLE preliminary 22 city/32 highway/26 combined mpg estimates determined by Toyota.
EPA ratings not available at time of posting.
Actual mileage will vary.
EPA-estimated 22 city/32 highway/26 combined mpg for 2021 Avalon XLE.
Use for comparison purposes only.
Your mileage will vary for many reasons, including your vehicle's condition and how/where you drive.
See www.fueleconomy.gov.
2020 RAV4 EPA-estimated 27 city/35 hwy/30 combined mpg for LE FWD and Limited FWD.
27 city/34 hwy/30 combined mpg for LE AWD.
28 city/35 hwy/30 combined mpg for XLE FWD and XLE Premium FWD.
27 city/33 hwy/29 combined mpg for XLE AWD and XLE Premium AWD.
25 city/33 hwy/28 combined mpg for Adventure.
25 city/32 hwy/27 combined mpg for TRD Off-Road.
25 city/33 hwy/28 combined mpg for Limited AWD.
and 41 city/38 hwy/40 combined mpg for LE Hybrid, XLE Hybrid, XSE Hybrid and Limited Hybrid.
Actual mileage will vary.
2019 Prius Prime EPA-estimated 133 combined MPGe.
Actual MPGe will vary.
Battery capacity will decrease with time and use.
See www.fueleconomy.gov.
2019 EPA-estimated 41 city/38 hwy/40 combined mpg estimates for RAV4 Hybrid AWD.
Actual mileage will vary.
Based on 2019 RAV4 Hybrid vs.
2019 competitors.
Information from www.fueleconomy.gov as of March 4, 2019.
2020 EPA-estimated 30 city/38 highway/33 combined mpg for Corolla L and LE.
Actual mileage will vary.
2018 EPA-estimated mileage.
Actual mileage will vary.
2018 C-HR preliminary 27 city/31 highway/29 combined mpg estimates determined by Toyota.
EPA ratings not available at time of posting.
Actual mileage will vary.
EPA-estimated 54 city/50 hwy/52 combined mpg for 2021 Prius LE, XLE, 2020 Edition and Limited.
Use for comparison purposes only.
Your mileage will vary for many reasons, including your vehicle's condition and how/where you drive.
See www.fueleconomy.gov.
2020 EPA-estimated 31 city/40 highway/34 combined mpg for Corolla SE with automatic transmission.
Actual mileage will vary.
Projected EPA-estimated range rating 13 city/17 highway/14 combined estimates for 2021 Land Cruiser as determined by manufacturer.
EPA estimates not available at time of posting.
Use for comparison purposes only.
Your mileage will vary for many reasons, including your vehicle's condition and how/where you drive.
See www.fueleconomy.gov.
2018 Prius Prime EPA-estimated combined mpg.
Actual mpg will vary based on driving habits, weather, temperature and road/traffic conditions.
For more information on mpg, please see www.fueleconomy.gov.
Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price excludes the Delivery, Processing and Handling Fee of $1,045 for Cars (86, Avalon, Camry, Camry HV, Corolla, Corolla HV, Corolla HB, Mirai, Prius, Prius Prime, Supra, Yaris Hatchback, Yaris), $1,245 for Small/Medium Trucks, SUVs and Van (4Runner, C-HR, Highlander, Highlander HV, RAV4, RAV4 HV, RAV4 Prime, Sienna, Tacoma, Venza), $1,595 for Large Truck (Tundra), and $1,595 for Large SUVs (Sequoia and Land Cruiser).
(Historically, vehicle manufacturers and distributors have charged a separate fee for processing, handling and delivering vehicles to dealerships.
Toyota's charge for these services is called the "Delivery, Processing and Handling Fee" and is based on the value of the processing, handling and delivery services Toyota provides as well as Toyota's overall pricing structure.
Toyota may make a profit on the Delivery, Processing and Handling Fee.) Excludes taxes, license, title and available or regionally required equipment.
The MSRP price is only valid in TX, OK, AR, MS, and LA.
The published prices do not apply to Puerto Rico and the U.S.
Virgin Islands.
Actual dealer price will vary.
2021 EPA-estimated mileage.
Use for comparison purposes only.
Your mileage will vary for many reasons, including your vehicle's condition and how/where you drive.
2020 Avalon Hybrid XLE preliminary 43 city/44 highway/44 combined mpg estimates determined by Toyota.
EPA ratings not available at time of posting.
Actual mileage will vary.
2021 projected EPA-estimated rating estimates.
EPA estimates not available at time of posting.
Actual mileage will vary.
EPA-estimated 94 combined MPGe for 2021 RAV4 Prime.
MPGe is the EPA-equivalent of gasoline fuel efficiency for electric operation.
EPA-estimated 40 city/36 hwy/38 combined mpg.
Use for comparison purposes only.
Your MPGe/MPG will vary for many reasons, including your vehicle's condition and how/where you drive.
See www.fueleconomy.gov.
MSRP includes the Delivery, Processing and Handling Fee.
(Historically, vehicle manufacturers and distributors have charged a separate fee for processing, handling and delivering vehicles to dealerships.
Toyota's charge for these services is called the "Delivery, Processing and Handling Fee" and is based on the value of the processing, handling and delivery services Toyota provides as well as Toyota's overall pricing structure.
Toyota may make a profit on the Delivery, Processing and Handling Fee.) Excludes taxes, license, title and available or regionally required equipment.
The Toyota Delivery, Processing and Handling Fee is $955 for Passenger Cars, $1,120 for SUVs/Van/Small Trucks, $1,325 for Large SUVs and $1,595 for Large Trucks.
Dealer price will vary.
2020 EPA-estimated 53 city/52 highway/52 combined mpg for Corolla LE Hybrid.
Actual mileage will vary.
2020 Sienna AWD preliminary 18 city/24 hwy/20 combined mpg estimates and Sienna FWD preliminary 19 city/27 hwy/22 combined mpg estimates determined by Toyota.
EPA ratings not available at time of posting.
Actual mileage will vary.
2017 EPA-estimated city/highway mileage.
Actual mileage will vary. 2018 EPA-estimated city/highway mileage.
Actual mileage will vary. 2019 EPA-estimated 26 city/35 hwy/30 combined mpg for RAV4 LE FWD, XLE FWD, XLE Premium FWD and Limited FWD.
27 city/34 hwy/30 combined mpg for LE AWD.
25 city/33 hwy/28 combined mpg for XLE AWD, XLE Premium AWD, Adventure and Limited AWD.
Actual mileage will vary.
2019 RAV4 Hybrid LE, Hybrid XLE, Hybrid XSE and Hybrid Limited preliminary 41 city/38 hwy/40 combined mpg estimates determined by Toyota.
EPA ratings not available at time of posting.
Actual mileage will vary.
EPA-estimated 53 city/52 hwy/52 combined mpg for 2021 Corolla Hybrid LE.
Use for comparison purposes only.
Your mileage will vary for many reasons, including your vehicle's condition and how/where you drive.
See www.fueleconomy.gov.
2019 EPA-estimated mileage.
Actual mileage will vary.
2017 EPA-estimated 67 city/67 highway/67 combined MPGe for Mirai and 312-mile driving range.
Actual mileage will vary.
Range measurement pursuant to SAE J2601 standards (ambient temperature: 20°C.
hydrogen tank pressure when fueled: 70 MPa).
Fueling time varies with hydrogen fueling pressure and ambient temperature.
2019 EPA-estimated 29 city/41 hwy/34 combined mpg for Camry L.
28 city/39 hwy/32 combined mpg for LE, SE, XLE 4-Cylinder and XSE 4-Cylinder.
22 city/33 hwy/26 combined mpg for XLE V6.
22 city/32 hwy/26 combined mpg for XSE V6.
51 city/53 hwy/52 combined mpg for Hybrid LE.
and 44 city/47 hwy/46 combined mpg for Hybrid SE and Hybrid XLE.
Actual mileage will vary.
2018 EPA-estimated 67 city/67 highway/67 combined MPGe for Mirai and 312-mile driving range.
Actual mileage will vary.
Range measurement pursuant to SAE J2601 standards (ambient temperature: 20°C.
hydrogen tank pressure when fueled: 70 MPa).
Fueling time varies with hydrogen fueling pressure and ambient temperature.
2019 Prius Prime 55 city/53 hwy/54 combined mpg estimates determined by Toyota.
EPA estimates not available at time of posting.
Actual mileage will vary.
Actual mpg will vary based on driving habits, weather, temperature and road/traffic conditions.
For more information on mpg, please see www.fueleconomy.gov.
EPA-estimated 67 city/67 hwy/67 combined MPGe for 2020 Mirai.
MPGe is the EPA-equivalent of gasoline fuel efficiency for electric-mode operation.
EPA-estimated 67 city/ 67 highway/ 67 combined miles per kilogram.
Use for comparison purposes only.
Your MPGe/miles per kilogram will vary for many reasons, including your vehicle’s condition and how/where you drive.
See www.fueleconomy.gov.
2020 preliminary mpg estimates determined by Toyota.
EPA estimates not available at time of posting.
Actual mileage will vary.
2020 Prius Prime EPA-estimated 55 city/53 hwy/54 combined mpg.
Actual mpg will vary based on driving habits, weather, temperature and road/traffic conditions.
For more information on mpg, please see www.fueleconomy.gov.
2020 Highlander Hybrid AWD preliminary 35 city/35 hwy/35 combined mpg estimates determined by Toyota.
Actual mileage will vary.
2020 Highlander Hybrid vs.
2020 competitors based on manufacturers' data as of 9/19/19.
2019 EPA-estimated 32 city/40 highway/35 combined mpg for Yaris with automatic transmission.
Actual mileage will vary.
2017 EPA-estimated 19 city/27 highway/22 combined mpg for Sienna FWD.
Actual mileage will vary.
EPA-estimated 30 city/38 hwy/33 combined mpg for 2021 Corolla Hatchback XSE CVT.
Use for comparison purposes only.
Your mileage will vary for many reasons, including your vehicle's condition and how/where you drive.
See www.fueleconomy.gov.
EPA-estimated 22 city/30 hwy/25 combined mpg for 2021 GR Supra 3.0, 3.0 Premium and A91 Edition.
EPA-estimated 25 city/32 hwy/28 combined mpg for 2021 GR Supra 2.0.
Use for comparison purposes only.
Your mileage will vary for many reasons, including your vehicle's condition and how/where you drive.
See www.fueleconomy.gov.
EPA-estimated 30 city/38 hwy/33 combined mpg for 2021 Corolla L, LE, SE Apex CVT and XSE Apex.
EPA-estimated 29 city/37 hwy/32 combined mpg for 2021 Corolla XLE.
EPA-estimated 29 city/36 hwy/32 combined mpg for 2021 Corolla SE 6MT.
EPA-estimated 31 city/40 hwy/34 combined mpg for 2021 Corolla SE CVT and SE Nightshade.
EPA-estimated 28 city/35 hwy/31 combined mpg for 2021 Corolla SE Apex 6MT.
EPA-estimated 31 city/38 hwy/34 combined mpg for 2021 Corolla XSE.
EPA-estimated 53 city/52 hwy/52 combined mpg for 2021 Corolla Hybrid LE.
Use for comparison purposes only.
Your mileage will vary for many reasons, including your vehicle’s condition and how/where you drive.
See www.fueleconomy.gov.
2020 EPA-estimated 31 city/38 highway/34 combined mpg for Corolla XSE.
Actual mileage will vary.
2019 Corolla Hatchback XSE with automatic transmission preliminary 30 city/38 hwy/33 combined mpg estimates determined by Toyota.
EPA ratings not available at time of posting.
Actual mileage will vary.
2020 EPA-estimated 29 city/41 hwy/34 combined mpg for Camry L.
28 city/39 hwy/32 combined mpg for LE, SE, SE Nightshade.
27 city/38 hwy/31 combined mpg for XLE 4-Cylinder and XSE 4-Cylinder.
22 city/33 hwy/26 combined mpg for XLE V6.
22 city/32 hwy/26 combined for XSE V6.
21 city/31 hwy/25 combined for TRD.
51 city/53 hwy/52 combined mpg for Hybrid LE.
and 44 city/47 hwy/46 combined mpg for Hybrid SE and Hybrid XLE.
Actual mileage will vary.
This offer requires approved credit and financing through Southeast Toyota Finance.
Not all applicants will qualify.
Payments may be deferred for up to the first 90 days from inception.
Interest will accrue from inception and the total amount of interest you will pay may be higher due to the deferment.
Available on new Toyota vehicles only.
Maximum contract term is 75 months.
May not be combined with certain other offers.
See your participating Toyota dealer for details.
Must complete retail sale and take delivery from May 5, 2020 through June 1, 2020.
2017 EPA-estimated mileage.
Actual mileage will vary.
2018 EPA-estimated 29 city/41 highway/34 combined mpg for Camry L.
Actual mileage will vary.
This list represents the phones that have been tested for compatibility with Vehicle Bluetooth and Entune App Suite features to date.
Test results are valid as of the date noted, using the specified versions of the Audio Multimedia System, App Suite and Operating Systems.
Phone performance depends on software, coverage and carrier.
This list will be updated on an on-going basis as new phones are constantly being tested.
If you do not find your phone on this list, please refer to www.toyota.com/connect for more details.
Please note that Toyota does not make recommendations on phone carriers, manufacturers, models or operating systems.
2020 EPA-estimated mileage.
Actual mileage will vary.
2020 preliminary mpg estimates determined by Toyota.
EPA estimates not available at time of posting.
Actual mileage will vary.
2018 EPA-estimated 54 city/50 highway/52 combined mpg for Prius.
Actual mileage will vary.
Available on approved credit through participating Toyota dealers and Toyota Financial Services (TFS).
Not all applicants will qualify.
You may defer the first retail payment for up to 90 days from the contract date (up to 45 days in Pennsylvania).
The amount of interest you pay will increase because finance charges accrue from the contract date origination.
Earned interest over the first 90 days will be paid as interest according to your amortization schedule and will not be waived or added to the principal.
Available on new and Certified Used Toyotas.
Maximum term is 72 months.
Individual dealer prices, other terms, and offers may vary.
Void where prohibited.
Not compatible with iFi program.
Contact your participating Toyota dealer for details.
The 90-day program is offered May 5, 2020 through June 1, 2020, and the 45-day program in Pennsylvania is offered May 5, 2020 through June 1, 2020.
Toyota Financial Services is a service mark used by Toyota Motor Credit Corporation.
ToyotaCare for Prius and Prius Prime covers normal factory scheduled maintenance for two years or 25,000 miles, whichever comes first.
Certain models require a different maintenance schedule as described in their Maintenance Guide.
24-hour Roadside Assistance is also included for three years, unlimited mileage.
Roadside Assistance does not include parts and fluids, except emergency fuel delivery.
See Toyota dealer for details and exclusions.
Valid only in the continental U.S.
and Alaska.
2017 EPA-estimated 54 city/50 highway/52 combined mpg for Prius.
Actual mileage will vary.
EPA-estimated 43 city/44 highway/44 combined mpg for 2021 Avalon Hybrid XLE.
Use for comparison purposes only.
Your mileage will vary for many reasons, including your vehicle's condition and how/where you drive.
See www.fueleconomy.gov.
2019 Toyota Avalon XLE preliminary 22 city/32 hwy/26 combined mpg estimates determined by Toyota.
EPA estimates not available at time of posting.
Actual mileage will vary.
2019 EPA-estimated 26 city/35 hwy/30 combined mpg for RAV4 LE FWD, XLE FWD, XLE Premium FWD and Limited FWD.
27 city/34 hwy/30 combined mpg for LE AWD.
25 city/33 hwy/28 combined mpg for XLE AWD, XLE Premium AWD, Adventure and Limited AWD.
and 41 city/38 hwy/40 combined mpg for RAV4 LE Hybrid, XLE Hybrid, XSE Hybrid and Limited Hybrid.
Actual mileage will vary.
2019 Sienna preliminary 19 city/27 hwy/22 combined mpg estimates determined by Toyota.
EPA ratings not available at time of printing.
Actual mileage will vary.
2020 Prius Prime EPA-estimated 133 combined MPGe when fully charged.
Actual MPGe will vary.
Battery capacity will decrease with time and use.
See www.fueleconomy.gov.
EPA-estimated 16 city/19 hwy/17 combined mpg for 2021 4Runner.
Use for comparison purposes only.
Your mileage will vary for many reasons, including your vehicle's condition and how/where you drive.
See www.fueleconomy.gov.
MSRP excludes the Delivery, Processing, and Handling Fee of $995 for Cars (86, Avalon, Avalon HV, Camry, Camry HV, Corolla, Corolla HV, Corolla HB, Mirai, Prius, Prius Prime, Supra), $1,175 for SUV/Van/Small Trucks (4Runner, C-HR, Highlander, Highlander HV, RAV4, RAV4 HV, RAV4 Prime, Sienna, Tacoma, Venza), $1,365 for Large SUVs (Land Cruiser, Sequoia), and $1,595 for Large Truck (Tundra).
(Historically, vehicle manufacturers and distributors have charged a separate fee for processing, handling and delivering vehicles to dealerships.
Toyota's charge for these services is called the "Delivery, Processing and Handling Fee" and is based on the value of the processing, handling and delivery services Toyota provides as well as Toyota's overall pricing structure and may be subject to change at any time.
Toyota may make a profit on the Delivery, Processing and Handling Fee.) Excludes taxes, license, title and available or regionally required equipment.
The Delivery, Processing and Handling Fee in AL, AR, FL, GA, LA, MS, NC, OK, SC and TX will be higher.
The published prices do not apply to Puerto Rico and the U.S.
Virgin Islands.
Actual dealer price will vary.
EPA-estimated 27 city/35 hwy/30 combined mpg for 2021 RAV4 LE FWD and Limited FWD.
27 city/34 hwy/30 combined mpg for 2021 RAV4 LE AWD.
28 city/35 hwy/30 combined mpg for 2021 RAV4 XLE FWD and XLE Premium FWD.
27 city/33 hwy/29 combined mpg for 2021 RAV4 XLE AWD and XLE Premium AWD.
25 city/33 hwy/28 combined mpg for 2021 RAV4 Adventure and Limited AWD.
25 city/32 hwy/28 combined mpg for 2021 RAV4 TRD Off-Road.
and 41 city/38 hwy/40 combined mpg for 2021 RAV4 LE Hybrid, XLE Hybrid, XLE Premium Hybrid, XSE Hybrid and Limited Hybrid.
Use for comparison purposes only.
Your mileage will vary for many reasons, including your vehicle's condition and how/where you drive.
See www.fueleconomy.gov.
2019 EPA-estimated 54 city/50 hwy/52 combined mpg estimates for Prius LE, XLE and Limited.
Actual mileage will vary.
EPA-estimated 133 combined MPGe for 2021 Prius Prime.
MPGe is the EPA-equivalent of gasoline fuel efficiency for electric operation.
EPA-estimated 55 city/53 hwy/54 combined mpg.
Use for comparison purposes only.
Your MPGe/MPG will vary for many reasons, including your vehicle's condition and how/where you drive.
See www.fueleconomy.gov.
2019 Prius Prime EPA-estimated 55 city/53 hwy/54 combined mpg.
Actual mpg will vary based on driving habits, weather, temperature and road/traffic conditions.
For more information on mpg, please see www.fueleconomy.gov.
2019 Prius Prime 133 combined MPGe estimate determined by Toyota.
EPA estimates not available at time of posting.
Actual mileage will vary.
Actual MPGe will vary for many reasons including driving conditions, and how you drive and maintain/charge your vehicle.
Battery capacity will decrease with time and use.
See www.fueleconomy.gov
2019 EPA-estimated 29 city/41 highway/34 combined mpg for Camry L.
Actual mileage will vary.
2017 Prius Prime EPA-estimated combined mpg.
Actual mpg will vary based on driving habits, weather, temperature and road/traffic conditions.
For more information on mpg, please see www.fueleconomy.gov.
2017 Prius Prime EPA-estimated combined MPGe.
Actual MPGe will vary depending upon driving conditions, how you drive and maintain your vehicle, and other factors.
Battery capacity will decrease with time and use.
For more information, see www.fueleconomy.gov.
EPA-estimated 31 city/38 hwy/34 combined mpg for 2021 Corolla XSE.
Use for comparison purposes only.
Your mileage will vary for many reasons, including your vehicle's condition and how/where you drive.
See www.fueleconomy.gov.
EPA-estimated 21 city/29 hwy/24 combined mpg for 2021 Highlander.
20 city/27 hwy/23 combined for 2021 Highlander AWD.
36 city/35 hwy/36 combined mpg for 2021 Highlander Hybrid.
Use for comparison purposes only.
Your mileage will vary for many reasons, including your vehicle's condition and how/where you drive.
See www.fueleconomy.gov.
2020 Highlander Hybrid FWD preliminary 36 city/35 hwy/36 combined mpg estimates determined by Toyota.
EPA estimates not available at time of posting.
Actual mileage will vary.
EPA-estimated 40 city/37 hwy/39 combined mpg for 2021 Venza.
Use for comparison purposes only.
Your mileage will vary for many reasons, including your vehicle's condition and how/where you drive.
See www.fueleconomy.gov.
Information provided represents phones that have been tested for compatibility with vehicle Bluetooth
® and vehicle mobile app features to date.
Test results are accurate as of the date noted, using the specified audio-multimedia system grades, cell phone operating systems and mobile apps associated with the respective vehicle.
Phone performance depends on software version, cellular reception and other factors not controlled by Toyota.
Information will be updated on an ongoing basis as new phones are constantly being tested.
If your cell phone or operating system is not listed, it may still be compatible, however we do not have results to display at this time.
Please note that Toyota does not make recommendations on phone carriers, manufacturers, models or operating systems.
2018 EPA-estimated 29 city/41 hwy/34 combined mpg for Camry L.
28 city/39 hwy/32 combined mpg for LE, SE, XLE 4-Cylinder and XSE 4-Cylinder.
22 city/33 hwy/26 combined mpg for XLE V6.
22 city/32 hwy/26 combined mpg for XSE V6.
51 city/53 hwy/52 combined mpg for Hybrid LE.
and 44 city/47 hwy/46 combined mpg for Hybrid SE and Hybrid XLE.
Actual mileage will vary.
2019 Prius LE, XLE and Limited preliminary 54 city/50 hwy/52 combined mpg estimates determined by Toyota.
EPA ratings not available at time of posting.
Actual mileage will vary.
2018 Prius Prime EPA-estimated combined MPGe.
Actual MPGe will vary depending upon driving conditions, how you drive and maintain your vehicle, and other factors.
Battery capacity will decrease with time and use.
For more information, see www.fueleconomy.gov.
2020 Prius LE, XLE and Limited EPA 54 city/50 hwy/52 combined mpg estimates.
Actual mileage will vary.
2019 preliminary mpg estimates determined by Toyota.
EPA estimates not available at time of posting.
Actual mileage will vary.
EPA-estimated 36 city/36 hwy/36 combined mpg for 2021 Sienna FWD models.
35 city/36 hwy/35 combined mpg for 2021 Sienna AWD models.
Use for comparison purposes only.
Your mileage will vary for many reasons, including your vehicle's condition and how/where you drive.
See www.fueleconomy.gov.
EPA-estimated 20 city/23 hwy/21 combined mpg for 2021 Tacoma SR 4x2 4-Cyl.
AT and SR5 4x2 4-Cyl.
AT.
19 city/22 hwy/20 combined mpg for 2021 Tacoma SR 4x4 4-Cyl.
AT and SR5 4x4 4-Cyl.
AT.
19 city/24 hwy/21 combined mpg for 2021 Tacoma SR 4x2 V6 AT, SR5 4x2 V6 AT, TRD Sport 4x2 V6 AT, TRD Off-Road 4x2 V6 AT and Limited 4x2 V6 AT.
18 city/22 hwy/20 combined mpg for 2021 Tacoma SR 4x4 V6 AT, SR5 4x4 V6 AT, TRD Sport 4x4 V6 AT, TRD Off-Road 4x4 V6 AT, Limited 4x4 V6 AT and TRD Pro 4x4 V6 AT.
17 city/21 hwy/18 combined mpg for 2021 Tacoma TRD Sport 4x4 V6 MT.
and 17 city/20 hwy/18 combined mpg for 2021 Tacoma TRD Off-Road 4x4 V6 MT and TRD Pro 4x4 V6 MT.
Use for comparison purposes only.
Your mileage will vary for many reasons, including your vehicle's condition and how/where you drive.
See www.fueleconomy.gov.
2020 Yaris and Yaris Hatchback with automatic transmission EPA 32 city/40 highway/35 combined mpg estimates, and Yaris with manual transmission EPA 30 city/39 highway/34 combined mpg estimates.
Actual mileage will vary.
EPA-estimated 28 city/39 hwy/32 combined mpg for 2021 Camry LE, SE and SE Nightshade Edition.
27 city/38 hwy/31 combined mpg for 2021 Camry XLE 4-Cylinder and XSE 4-Cylinder.
22 city/33 hwy/26 combined mpg for 2021 Camry XLE V6.
22 city/32 hwy/26 combined mpg for 2021 Camry XSE V6.
21 city/31 hwy/25 combined mpg for 2021 Camry TRD.
51 city/53 hwy/52 combined mpg for 2021 Camry LE Hybrid.
and 44 city/47 hwy/46 combined mpg for 2021 Camry SE Hybrid, XLE Hybrid and XSE Hybrid.
Use for comparison purposes only.
Your mileage will vary for many reasons, including your vehicle's condition and how/where you drive.
See www.fueleconomy.gov.
EPA-estimated 76 city/71 hwy/74 combined MPGe for 2021 Mirai XLE and 67 city/64 hwy/65 combined MPGe for 2021 Mirai Limited.
MPGe is the EPA-equivalent of gasoline fuel efficiency for electric-mode operation.
Use for comparison purposes only.
Your MPGe/miles per kilogram will vary for many reasons, including your vehicle's condition and how/where you drive.
See www.fueleconomy.gov.
Vehicle shown with some accessories not available from Toyota.
MSRP excludes the Delivery, Processing and Handling Fee.
(Historically, vehicle manufacturers and distributors have charged a separate fee for processing, handling and delivering vehicles to dealerships.
Toyota's charge for these services is called the "Delivery, Processing and Handling Fee" and is based on the value of the processing, handling and delivery services Toyota provides as well as Toyota's overall pricing structure.
Toyota may make a profit on the Delivery, Processing and Handling Fee.) Excludes taxes, license, title and available or regionally required equipment.
Actual dealer price will vary.
Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price, includes the Delivery, Processing and Handling Fee.
(Historically, vehicle manufacturers and distributors have charged a separate fee for processing, handling and delivering vehicles to dealerships.
Toyota's charge for these services is called the "Delivery, Processing and Handling Fee" and is based on the value of the processing, handling and delivery services Toyota provides as well as Toyota's overall pricing structure.
Toyota may make a profit on the Delivery, Processing and Handling Fee.) Excludes taxes, license, title and available or regionally required equipment.
The Delivery, Processing and Handling Fee in AL, AR, FL, GA, LA, MS, NC, OK, SC and TX will be higher.
The published prices do not apply to Puerto Rico and the U.S.
Virgin Islands.
Actual dealer price will vary.
Prices may vary depending on installed packages and accessories.
Manufacturer-estimated miles per gallon equivalent.
Estimate includes consumption of electricity and gasoline energy in combined EV and hybrid mode.
MPGe value is based on Toyota internal testing.
Actual fuel economy will vary depending on driving conditions and frequency of charging.
Do not overload your vehicle.
See Owner's Manual for weight limits and restrictions.
Always properly secure cargo and cargo area.
Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price excludes the Delivery, Processing and Handling Fee of $1,045 for Cars (86, Avalon, Camry, Camry HV, Corolla, Corolla HV, Corolla HB, Mirai, Prius, Prius Prime, Supra, Yaris Hatchback, Yaris), $1,245 for Small/Medium Trucks, SUVs and Van (4Runner, C-HR, Highlander, Highlander HV, RAV4, RAV4 HV, RAV4 Prime, Sienna, Tacoma, Venza), $1,595 for Large Truck (Tundra), and $1,595 for Large SUVs (Sequoia and Land Cruiser).
(Historically, vehicle manufacturers and distributors have charged a separate fee for processing, handling and delivering vehicles to dealerships.
Toyota's charge for these services is called the "Delivery, Processing and Handling Fee" and is based on the value of the processing, handling and delivery services Toyota provides as well as Toyota's overall pricing structure.
Toyota may make a profit on the Delivery, Processing and Handling Fee.) Excludes taxes, license, title and available or regionally required equipment.
The MSRP price is only valid in TX, OK, AR, MS, and LA.
The published prices do not apply to Puerto Rico and the U.S.
Virgin Islands.
Actual dealer price will vary.
MSRP excludes the Delivery, Processing and Handling Fee.
(Historically, vehicle manufacturers and distributors have charged a separate fee for processing, handling and delivering vehicles to dealerships.
Toyota's charge for these services is called the "Delivery, Processing and Handling Fee" and is based on the value of the processing, handling and delivery services Toyota provides as well as Toyota's overall pricing structure.
Toyota may make a profit on the Delivery, Processing and Handling Fee.) Excludes taxes, license, title and available or regionally required equipment.
Actual dealer price will vary.
2020 EPA-estimated 24 city/31 highway/26 combined mpg for GR Supra 3.0, 3.0 Premium and Launch Edition.
Actual mileage will vary.
 Cookie ConsentWe use the following categories of cookies on our website:Necessary and Performance CookiesNecessary cookies are essential to provide you with the website’s core functionality.
Performance cookies collect information about the performance of our website and how our website is used (e.g., basic site usage analytics, such as number of visits and time spent on the site).Functional CookiesFunctional cookies enable us to provide enhanced website functionality, including Local Specials, Offers, Dealer Locator, etc.
They also enable us to personalize the website with more relevant content related to your interests.Targeting CookiesTargeting cookies (also known as advertising cookies) collect information about your online activities for the purpose of delivering relevant advertisements across websites or online services.CancelSave 
      