
         PRODUCTS Security Cameras Light Switches Lighting Plugs PLANS SUPPORT products plans support products Security Cameras Light Switches Lighting Plugs Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Kasa Care Service Agreement Your California Privacy Rights Effective: 25th of November 2020 Version: 1.2 View Older Versions  Location:&nbsp.
 Terms Of Use 
Welcome to TP-Link!

The Services defined herein are provided by TP-Link Corporation Limited,
located at Suite 901, New East Ocean Centre, Tsim Sha Tsui, Hong Kong,
its affiliates and subsidiaries.
This document may refer to the service provider as
"TP-Link Corporation Limited," "TP-Link," "we," "us," or "our."
TP-Link provides:
(1) TP-Link hardware products ("Products"), (2) website(s) that may be
accessed at http://www.tp-link.com/us/ ("Site"), (3) services,
including technical support and services accessible through the Site(s)
("Web Apps"), (4) software that may be downloaded to your smartphone or
tablet to access services ("Mobile Apps"), and (5) subscription
services, including services that can be accessed using the Web Apps and
Mobile Apps ("Subscription Services").
The term "Services" means the
Sites, Web Apps, Mobile Apps, and Subscription Services, which may be
used in conjunction with Products and in other ways provided by TP-Link.
Some Products and Services of TP-Link can be used together or in ways
that integrate with products and services from third parties.
These are the rules and restrictions that govern your use of our
Products and Services.
Please read these Terms of Use (the "Terms")
carefully before using the Services, because they affect your legal
rights and obligations (e.g., requiring arbitration and no class action
relief and limiting our liability).
You acknowledge and agree that,
except for physical TP-Link Products that you may have purchased such as
routers or switches, the Services and the software embedded in the
Product (and any updates thereto) ("Product Software") are licensed, not
sold, to you.
You do not acquire any ownership interest in any Service
or Product Software under these Terms, or any other rights thereto other
than to use such Service and Product Software in accordance with the
license granted, and subject to all terms, conditions, and restrictions
under these Terms.
Certain features of the Services may be subject to
additional guidelines, terms, or rules, which will be presented through
the Services in connection with such features (for example, additional
terms of service for Kasa Care).
You must review and agree to the
additional guidelines, terms, or rules before using such Services.

Your Acceptance

These Terms are a binding contract between you and TP-Link.
If you do
not agree to and accept all of the Terms, you do not have the right to
use the Products or Services.
By using the Products or Services in any
way, you agree to the Terms.
The Terms shall remain in effect as long as
you use the Products or Services.
The Terms also incorporate TP-Link's
Privacy Policy.

Legal Capacity

The Services are directed to a general audience for adults.
We will
assume (and by using the Services you warrant that) you have legal
capacity to enter into these Terms (i.e., that you are of sufficient age
and mental capacity and are otherwise entitled to be legally bound in
contract).
If you are using the Services on behalf of an organization or
entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to agree to
these Terms on their behalf and bind them to these Terms.
You may only
use the Services for your personal, non-commercial use.
Your use must
comply with all laws that apply to you.
You may not use these Services
if applicable laws prohibit such use.

Modifications to Terms

Please note that these Terms may be revised and reissued, prospectively,
by posting updated terms on this website
link.
You consent and
agree to receive notices of updates of these Terms through our posting
of updated Terms on this website.
You should visit this page regularly
to review the current terms.
TP-Link may provide notifications to you as
required by law or for marketing or other purposes via email (to the
email address you provide our Services), or by posting of such notice on
the Site(s).
TP-Link is not responsible for any automatic filtering you
or your network provider may apply to email notifications.
TP-Link
recommends that you add @tp-link.com and @kasasmart.com URLs to your
email address book to help ensure you receive email notifications from
TP-Link.
Your continued use of the Services will be deemed as
irrevocable acceptance of any updates to these Terms.

Account Registration

In order to use the Services, you may be required to sign up for an
account.
To sign up for an account, you represent and warrant that: (a)
all required registration information you submit is truthful and
accurate.
and (b) you will maintain the accuracy of such information.

Fees and Payment

We may require payment of fees for certain features of the Services.
You
may elect, but are not obligated, to subscribe to such features.
If you
elect to subscribe to such features, you shall pay the fees described
within such features.
We may change the prices and institute new charges
after providing ten days prior notice to you.
This notice may be
delivered by email to you or by posting it on the Services.
Your
continued use of the features following such notification constitutes
your acceptance of any change to the fees.

Changes to the Services

The Services may change over time, as we improve them.
At any time, we
may temporarily or permanently modify, suspend, discontinue, or restrict
access to all or part of the Services and/or any related software,
facilities, and services, with or without notice and/or to establish
general guidelines and limitations on their use.
Some such changes to
the Services may render certain hardware devices, third-party services,
configurations, or software setups inoperable.
We may make such changes
at our sole discretion and with or without notice.

Intellectual Property

(a) You acknowledge that all intellectual property rights, including
without limitation patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets and
all other proprietary rights, in the Products, Product Software, and
Services (i.e., the Sites, Web Apps, and Mobile Apps) are owned by
TP-Link or its affiliates, licensors, or suppliers (collectively, the
"IP Rights").
Your possession, access, and use of the Products, Product
Software, and Services do not transfer to you or any third party any
rights, title, or interest in or to such IP Rights.
TP-Link and its
affiliates and licensors and suppliers reserve all rights not granted in
these Terms.
Moreover, other than with respect to User Contents (defined
below), TP-Link retains full and complete title to all content on the
Services, including any downloadable software and all data that
accompanies it.
(b) Use of the Services.
Your right to make use of the Services and any
content appearing on it is subject to your compliance with these Terms.
Modification or use of the content on the Services for any purpose not
permitted by these Terms may be a violation of the IP Rights protected
by law and these Terms and is prohibited.
You are prohibited from using the IP Rights except as specifically
permitted in these Terms.
Subject to these Terms, TP-Link grants you a
limited, non-exclusive and non-transferable license to download, copy,
install, and use the authorized parts of the Services (including this
Site) on to your own device (e.g., your computer, smart device, etc.)
for your own personal use.
You may not use the content of the Services
in any other public or commercial way nor may you copy or incorporate
any of the content of the Services into any other work, including your
own website without the prior written consent of TP-Link.
You must have
a reseller or distribution license from us before you can copy or
redistribute any portion of the Services.
Any authorization to copy
content granted by us in any part of the Services for any reason is
subject to your keeping intact all copyright and other proprietary
notices.
You must not copy, modify or in any way reproduce or damage the
structure or presentation of the Services or any content therein.
Also, modifying, translating, adapting, or otherwise creating derivative
works and improvements, decompiling, decoding, reverse engineering,
disassembling, or otherwise reducing the code used in any software in
connection with the Services into a readable form in order to examine
the source code or construction of such software and/or to copy or
create other products based (in whole or in part) on such software, is
prohibited.
(c) Open Source.
Certain items of independent, third party code may be
included in the Web Apps and/or Mobile Apps that are subject to the GNU
General Public License ("GPL") or other open source licenses ("Open
Source Software").
The Open Source Software is licensed under the terms
of the license that accompanies such Open Source Software.
Nothing in
these Terms limits your rights under, or grants you rights that
supersede, the terms and conditions of any applicable end user license
for such Open Source Software.
In particular, nothing in these Terms
restricts your right to copy, modify, and distribute such Open Source
Software that is subject to the terms of the GPL.

Forums

THE MATERIALS, INFORMATION AND OPINIONS INCLUDED AND/OR EXPRESSED IN OR
ON USER FORUMS, BULLETIN BOARDS, COMMENT SECTIONS, COMMUNITY PAGES, OR
OTHER FORUMS ON THE SERVICES ("FORUMS") ARE NOT NECESSARILY THOSE OF
TP-LINK, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATED COMPANIES, PARENTS, SHAREHOLDERS,
OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS, EMPLOYEES, CONTRACTORS, REPRESENTATIVES,
AND PARTNERS (COLLECTIVELY, "THE TP-LINK GROUP").
THE TP-LINK GROUP DOES
NOT UNDERTAKE TO MONITOR OR REVIEW FORUMS, AND THE CONTENT OF FORUMS IS
NOT THE RESPONSIBILITY OF TP-LINK GROUP.
THE TP-LINK GROUP MAY REMOVE OR
MODIFY ANY CONTENT WITHOUT NOTICE OR LIABILITY AT ANY TIME IN THE
TP-LINK GROUP'S SOLE DISCRETION.
ANY USE OF THE FORUMS WILL BE AT YOUR
OWN RISK AND WILL BE SUBJECT TO THE DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS ON
LIABILITY SET OUT BELOW.

Submissions, Postings and Emails

TP-Link is interested in hearing from you regarding your questions or
comments about our Services.
However, the TP-Link Group does not accept
or consider unsolicited submissions of any kind (e.g., ideas,
treatments, concepts, or any other materials) in any format, by any
means of transmission (including email).
Any such submissions are either
returned to the sender without being reviewed or deleted or discarded
without being reviewed.
Therefore, please do not send any unsolicited
submissions to any member of the TP-Link Group.

Invited Submissions

From time to time, areas on the Services may expressly request
submissions of concepts, stories, or other potential content from you
("Invited Submissions").
Where this is the case, please carefully read
any specific rules or other terms and conditions which appear elsewhere
on the Services to govern those submissions ("Additional Terms"), as
they will affect your legal rights.
If no Additional Terms govern those
submissions, then these Terms will apply in full to any Invited
Submissions you make.
IN ANY EVENT, ANY MATERIAL YOU SEND TO US WILL NOT
BE TREATED AS CONFIDENTIAL.

Our Use of Content

TP-Link will consider anything you provide to us and/or contribute to
the Services as available for our use free of any obligations to you
(including any payment), except where Invited Submissions are expressly
governed by Additional Terms appearing elsewhere on the Services, in
which event those Additional Terms will determine how we will treat your
Invited Submissions.
Regardless of any industry custom or practice, we
will not pay you for the use of any content that you submit to the
Services.

User Content

You are solely responsible for all content, including, without
limitation, reviews, responses, profile entries, posts, questions,
videos, images, and audios that you upload, post, email, transmit, or
otherwise disseminate using, or in connection with, our Services.
You
represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary to do so.
You
acknowledge that your contents may or may not be able to be deleted once
uploaded.
For some of our Services' features, other users may be able to
request email notifications of your new public content or publish their
own comments to your comments.
We may use this public content to develop
aggregate ratings, personalize site views, market products, identify or
feature popular users, protect you, improve our Products and Services,
and/or develop new Products and Services.
By posting or uploading any
content to the Services (including, without limitation, posts,
responses, videos, images, and audios) and/or providing any
communication or material to TP-Link (collectively, "User Content"), you
automatically and irrevocably:


Grant and assign to TP-Link a royalty-free, perpetual,
non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to any and all rights
in the User Content including without limitation copyright, together
with all consents (if any) necessary to enable its reproduction,
distribution, modification, publishing, and/or other exploitation by
TP-Link and/or by any person authorized by TP-Link, by any means and
in all media now known or hereafter devised, without payment or
other reference to you or any other person, and to advertise and
promote such exploitation, for the full period of all such rights
(together with any extensions and renewals) and insofar as possible
in perpetuity;


Waive all moral rights in the User Content which may be available to
you in any part of the world and confirm that no such rights have
been asserted;


Appoint TP-Link as your agent with full power to enter into any
document and/or do any act TP-Link may consider appropriate to
confirm the grant and assignment, consent and waiver set out above;


Warrant that you have the rights to and are the owner of the User
Content and entitled to enter into these Terms;


Confirm that no such User Content will be subject to any obligation,
of confidence or otherwise, to you or any other person, and that
TP-Link shall not be liable for any use or disclosure of such User
Content;


Acknowledge and agree that TP-Link may access, use, preserve and/or
disclose the User Content to law enforcement authorities, government
officials, and/or third parties, if legally required to do so or if
we have a good faith belief that such access, use, preservation, or
disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process
or request.
(b) enforce these Terms, including investigation of any
potential violation thereof.
(c) detect, prevent or otherwise
address security, fraud or technical issues.
or (d) protect the
rights, property or safety of TP-Link, its users, a third party, or
the public as required or permitted by law.
TP-Link also reserves
the right, but shall not be obligated, to remove any User Content
from our servers at any time in its sole and absolute discretion.



Claims of Copyright Infringement

If you believe that any content appearing on the Services infringes your
copyright rights, we want to hear from you.
Please forward the following
information in writing to the below identified Copyright Agent at the
address listed below:


Your name, address, telephone number, and email address;


A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been
infringed;


The exact URL or a description of each place where alleged
infringing material is located;


A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the
disputed use has not been authorized by you, your agent, or the law;


Your electronic or physical signature or the electronic or physical
signature of the person authorized to act on your behalf.
and


A statement by you made under penalty of perjury, that the
information in your notice is accurate, that you are the copyright
owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.



Copyright Agent

Ginny Tong, Legal Department
TP-Link USA Corporation
145 South State College Boulevard
Suite 400
Brea, CA 92821
Phone: 626-333-0234
Email: ginny.tong@tp-link.com
This shall confirm that TP-Link seeks to preserve any and all exemptions
from liability that may be available under the copyright law, but does
not necessarily stipulate that it is a service provider as defined in
USC section 512(c) or elsewhere.

Restrictions on Use

During your use of the Services, you may create connections between our
hardware devices, third-party hardware devices, our Services, and/or
third-party services.
You agree that you will not connect to the
Services any hardware devices or third-party services in a manner that
could be dangerous to any person(s), or which could cause damage to or
loss of any property.
Your use of the Services is subject to the following additional
restrictions.
You may not use the Services or interact with the Services
in a manner that:


Infringes or violates the intellectual property rights or any other
rights of anyone else;


Violates any law or regulation;


Is harmful, fraudulent, deceptive, threatening, harassing,
defamatory, obscene, or otherwise objectionable;


Jeopardizes the security of your account or anyone else's;


Attempts, in any manner, to obtain the password, account, or other
security information from any other user;


Violates the security of any computer network, or cracks any
passwords or security encryption codes or otherwise incorporates any
disabling code designed to permit improper use, access, deletion or
modification of software or hardware programs or systems or
improperly to disable, deactivate, damage or shut down such programs
or systems;


Sends, creates, or replies to so called "mailbombs" (i.e., emailing
copies of a single message to many users, or sending large or
multiple files or messages to a single user with malicious intent)
or engages in "spamming" (i.e., unsolicited emailing for business or
other purposes);


"Crawls," "scrapes," or "spiders" any page or portion of the
Services (through use of manual or automated means);


Introduce any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, logic bombs, or other
material that is malicious or technologically harmful;


Copies or stores any significant portion of the content;


Decompiles, reverse engineers, or otherwise attempts to obtain the
source code of the Services.
or


Undertake any other activity which may adversely affect the
operation or enjoyment of the Services by any other person,
including placing malware on the Services.



Third-Party Services

You accept that TP-Link is not responsible for the risks you take
associated with links or connections to third-party applications or
services.
You understand that such third-party services may or may not
carry their own terms, conditions, privacy policies or other policies
that may or may not be related to the Services.
We encourage you to be
aware of such agreements when you connect third-party services to the
Services.
We cannot and do not have control over, nor do we assume any
responsibility or risk for content, accuracy, practices, opinions, or
policies of any third-party applications or services that you may be
exposed to when you interact with the Services.
Your interactions with
third-party organizations and/or individuals found on or through the
Services are solely between you and such organizations and/or
individuals.
You agree that we shall not be responsible for any
liability for any loss or damage associated with any such interactions.

Third-Party Sites

The Services may link you to other sites on the Internet.
These sites
may contain information or material that some people may find
inappropriate or offensive.
These other sites are not under the control
of TP-Link, and you acknowledge that (whether or not such sites are
affiliated in any way with TP-Link) the TP-Link Group is not responsible
for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, decency, or any other
aspect of the content of such sites.
The inclusion of such a link does
not imply endorsement of any site by TP-Link Group or any association
with its operators.
TP-Link cannot ensure that you will be satisfied with any products or
services that you purchase from any third-party site that links to or
from TP-Link since the third-party sites are owned and operated by
independent retailers.
TP-Link does not endorse any of the merchandise
purchased from any third-party site, nor has TP-Link taken any steps to
confirm the accuracy or reliability of any of the information contained
on such third-party sites.
TP-Link does not make any representations or
warranties as to the security of any information (including, without
limitation, credit card and other personal information) you might be
requested to give any third-party, and you irrevocably waive any claim
against us with respect to such sites.
We strongly encourage you to make
whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before
proceeding with any online transaction with any of these third-parties.

Termination

You are free to stop using the Services at any time.
You understand and
agree that we may or may not delete your User Content in the event that
you stop using the Services.
At any time, TP-Link may (a) suspend or
terminate your rights to access or use the Services if TP-Link in good
faith believes that you have used the Services in violation of these
Terms, including any incorporated guidelines, terms, or rules.
If you
transfer a Product to a new owner, your right to use the Services with
respect to that Product automatically terminates.
The new owner will
have no right to use the Product or Services under your account and will
need to register for a separate account with TP-Link unless the new
owner already has an account with TP-Link that can be connected to that
Product or Service.
You understand and agree that we may retain copies of such User Content
indefinitely.
In the event that we elect to terminate your account, we
will try to provide advance notice to you prior to termination so that
you are able to retrieve any important User Content stored in your
account.
You understand and agree that we may provide no advanced notice
for any reason, but usually because it would be impractical, illegal,
not in the interest of someone's safety or security, or otherwise
harmful to the rights or property of TP-Link.

Product Specifications, Pricing, Typographical Errors

We do our best to describe every product or service offered on the
Services as accurately as possible.
However, we are human, and therefore
we do not warrant that product specifications, pricing, or other content
on the Services is complete, accurate, reliable, current, or error-free.
In the event of any errors relating to the pricing or specifications,
TP-Link shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders in its sole
discretion.
If we charged your credit card or other account prior to
cancellation, we will issue a credit to your account in the amount of
the charge.
Additional Terms may apply.
If a product you purchased from
TP-Link is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused
condition, complete and undamaged, in the original packaging.

Security

Any usernames and passwords used for the Services are for individual use
only.
You shall be responsible for the security of your username and
password (if any).
TP-Link shall be entitled to monitor your username
and password and, at its discretion, require you to change it.
If you
use a username and password that TP-Link considers insecure, TP-Link
will be entitled to require your username or password to be changed
and/or terminate your account.
However, TP-Link cannot guarantee that
unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat our security
measures or use your personal information for improper purposes.
You
acknowledge that you provide your personal information at your own risk.
You agree to immediately notify TP-Link of any unauthorized use, or
suspected unauthorized use, of your account or any other breach of
security of which you become aware.
TP-Link is not liable to you for any
loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the above
requirements.

Violation of Security Systems

You are prohibited from using any services or facilities provided in

 COMPANY 
 Support 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Careers 
 Press 


LEGAL
 Terms Of Use 
 Privacy Policy 
 Kasa Care Service Agreement 
 California Privacy Rights 
 JOIN THE KASA SMART COMMUNITY This email is invalid FOLLOW US 








 United States Copyright © 2021 KasaSmart.com.
All rights reserved.

      