
         PRODUCTS Security Cameras Light Switches Lighting Plugs PLANS SUPPORT products plans support products Security Cameras Light Switches Lighting Plugs Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Kasa Care Service Agreement Your California Privacy Rights Effective: 25th of November 2020 Version: 1.3 View Older Versions  Location:&nbsp.
 TP-Link Privacy Policy TP-Link Corporation Limited, and its affiliates including TP-Link USA
Corporation, TP-Link Research America Corporation (collectively,
"TP-Link," "we" "us," or "our"), takes your privacy seriously.
TP-Link
provides:
(1) TP-Link branded hardware, firmware, and software products
("Products"), (2) website(s) that may be accessed
at [https://www.tp-link.com/us/], [https://www.kasasmart.com]
("Sites"), (3) services, including on and through the Products, and
technical support and services accessible through the Site(s) ("Web
Apps"), (4) software that may be downloaded to your smartphone or tablet
to access services ("Mobile Apps"), and (5) subscription services,
including services that can be accessed using the Web Apps and Mobile
Apps ("Subscription Services").
The term "Services" means the Sites, Web
Apps, Mobile Apps, and Subscription Services, which may be used in
conjunction with Products and in other ways provided by TP-Link.
Some
Products and Services of TP-Link can be used together or in ways that
integrate with products and services from third parties.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully as it explains how we collect
information, how we use the information we collect, with whom we
disclose such information.
By using or accessing our Products and
Services in any matter, you consent to the practices and policies
outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Your use of our Products and Services
is also subject to our Terms of Use, which incorporates this Policy.
both statements should be read in conjunction with each other.
This Privacy Policy may change at any time and we may notify you by
updating the Privacy Policy's effective date above.
If there are
material changes, we will place a prominent notice on this website.
We
encourage all users to occasionally refer to this Privacy Policy so that
they can remain aware of our current practices.
Prior versions of this
Privacy Policy will be kept in an archive for your review and are
accessible
at [here].
If
you do not agree with the terms of the updated Privacy Policy, you must
stop using the Products/Services.
Your continued use of the
Products/Service after any Privacy Policy changes means that you agree
to the updated Privacy Policy.

1.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT

1.1.
Information You Knowingly Provide to Us
We collection information you knowingly provide to us.
For example, we
collect information when you register for an online account, update your
online account, make a purchase, register for programs, or participate
in customer research.
We also collect information when you use, upload,
post, or share your information on our Products and Services, or through
our Sites.
Information we collect about you may include your name.
email address.
street address.
mobile, home, and work phone numbers.
payment
information.
account information (such as user ID, password, Product and
Service preferences, contact preferences, firmware version, IP address,
and MAC address, etc.).
You may also provide other information that
potentially could be used to identify you, such as the names and images
that you associate with account users, your locations, devices, scenes,
device configuration details, demographic information, third-party
account credentials, schedules and audio/video recordings.
Further, you
may upload, share, or post on our Sites or through our Products or
Services.
For example, you may post information in a public space on our
Sites, such as on message boards.
As another example, you may choose to
upload, share, or post audio or video content recorded by your Kasa Cam.
1.2.
Information We Collect Automatically
We automatically collect information about you when you access or use
our Products and Services.
For example, when you connect hardware
devices or third-party services to your account, those hardware devices
may report usage information to the Services and the Services may read,
process, and store this information for the purposes described in this
Privacy Policy.
Such information is usually associated with the usage of
the particular hardware device or third-party service, such as when a
motion sensor senses motion.
The Services will receive information about
the device activation, as well as the information that you have chosen
to associate with the device or service such as device name, group name,
and location name.
The type of the device or service from which
information is received will change the types and quantities of
information that is received.
We also automatically collect browsing and usage information, which may
include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, MAC address, access times,
location, mobile device information, operating system, browser type,
certain demographic information, application information, and other
information associated with how you interact with the pages and
Services.
We and third parties may use cookies, action tags, or similar
technologies on your computer to provide the Services and help collect
data.
You may block or delete cookies and control data collection
through your web browser settings.
However, adjusting your browser
preferences may impact your experience with the Services.
For more
information about cookies and your ability to limit or remove cookies,
please see the Cookies and Similar Technologies section below.
1.3.
Information We Receive from Other Sources
We may receive data from other sources including, but not limited to,
third-party service providers which you have integrated into our
Products and Services and/or voluntarily have provided with data and/or
from affiliates, partners or others that we use to fulfil our
obligations to you as a customer.
You should carefully and diligently
review the terms and conditions and privacy policies of those third
party products and services, and we will consider your decision to use
those third party products and services with our Products and Services
to be a representation to us that you have consented to the third
parties' terms and practices.

2.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION

We use the information collected for the following purposes:


To provide the Products and Services


Address customer inquiries or issues


Maintain customer accounts


Process customer payments


Improve the quality of our Products and Services


Improve the quality of our Sites


Personalize the Products and Services


Analyze how you use the Products and Services


To provide marketing and promotional efforts


To address, identify, and prevent fraud or illegal or improper activities


To establish, exercise, or defend a legal claim


To monitor and report compliance issues


For administrative purposes


For other legally permissible purposes



3.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION

We may share your information in the following situations:



With Our Corporate Family: We may share your information with our
corporate family, including our affiliates and subsidiaries.



Service Providers: We may share your information with
third-parties to assist in our business operations or to provide
the Products and Services (e.g., for software maintenance
services, advertising serving technologies, e-mail services,
delivery services, database management services, web analytics and
other services).



Other Entities with Your Consent: You may choose to integrate
certain third-party services with the Services.
By doing so, you
authorize us to transmit your personal information to third
parties when you choose to integrate their services with our
Services.
Information collected by such third-party services is
subject to their own terms and policies, all of which you are
carefully and diligently review.



Marketing: We may aggregate anonymized information from you and
provide it to our third-party marketing service providers for our
promotional and/or marketing practices.



Change of Control: We may share your information as part of a
merger, acquisition, asset sale, asset purchase, financing,
bankruptcy, or other change of control.



Responding to Legal Requests: We may share information where we
have a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to (a)
comply with applicable law or legal process or (b) respond to
actual or potential complaints or legal claims, or where otherwise
necessary to protect our rights, interests and/or property
(including, without limitation, to enforce our agreements), or the
rights, interests and/or property of our agents, independent
contractors, customers, and others.



4.
SECURITY

We use commercially reasonable safeguards, including encryption and SSL
technology, to help secure your personal information.
While we strive to
always protect the privacy of your account and personal information, we
cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to us or
guarantee that such information on the Products or Services may not be
accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed.
To help secure your account, please select strong passwords and protect
your account by limiting access to your computer, device, browser or
application and by signing off after you have finished accessing your
account.
If you use a third-party service to sign into your account, you
should protect that account accordingly as well.

5.
INFORMATION FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES

If you live outside of the United States, you understand and agree that
we may transfer your information to the United States or our offices in
other countries.
Our Sites are subject to U.S.
laws, which may not
provide the same level of protection as those in your country.

6.
THIRD PARTY LINKS

The Services may include links to third party websites whose privacy
practices may differ from ours.
Your usage of any such websites are
governed by the privacy policies of those other websites and not this
Privacy Policy.
You should carefully review the privacy policy of any
website you visit.
We will consider your decision to use those third
party products and services with our Products and Services to be a
representation to us that you have consented to the third parties' terms
and practices.

7.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES

We and our third-party partners may use cookies, action tags, or similar
technologies on your computer to provide the Services and help collect
data.
We use both session and persistent tracking technologies.
Tracking
technologies (e.g., cookies) can either be persistent (i.e., they remain
on your computer until you delete them) or temporary (i.e., they last
only until you close your browser).
You may also encounter tracking
technologies and cookies from third-parties, such as Google Analytics,
Google Ads, and Facebook Pixel.
You may block or delete cookies and control data collection through your
web browser settings.
However, adjusting your browser preferences may
impact your experience with the Products and Services.
For more
information about cookies and how to disable them, you can visit
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
and [www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/].
At this time, TP-Link does not honor Do Not Track signals.

8.
NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS

[Please click for more
detail.]

9.
YOUR CHOICES

TP-Link gives you choices regarding your information.
For example, you
can:


Update your account information and settings at any time by
accessing your Mobile Apps, Subscription Services, or Web Apps


Control how and when you want to receive notifications from us in
mobile App


Opt-out of our email service by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at
the bottom of our emails.


Not use feature and service that require you provide your
information and data, such as our community post or video storage.


Request account information and data deletion by emailing us
at privacy.tpra@tp-link.com or support@tp-link.com, or calling
us at 1-866-225-8139.


You may not opt out of administrative emails for your registered account
(e.g., emails about your transactions, policy changes, forgot password
and confirmation emails).

10.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY

Our Products and Services are not directed to, or intended for,
individuals under the age of 16 and we do not knowingly collect personal
information from individuals under the age of 16.
If you believe that we
have any such information, please notify us immediately using the
contact information provided in Section 10 and we will delete the
information as quickly as possible.

11.
CONTACT US

If you have any questions or need further assistance, please email us
at privacy.tpra@tp-link.com or write us at:
TP-Link USA Corporation, Legal Department
145 South State College Boulevard
Suite 400
Brea, CA 92821

 COMPANY 
 Support 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Careers 
 Press 


LEGAL
 Terms Of Use 
 Privacy Policy 
 Kasa Care Service Agreement 
 California Privacy Rights 
 JOIN THE KASA SMART COMMUNITY This email is invalid FOLLOW US 








 United States Copyright © 2021 KasaSmart.com.
All rights reserved.

      