
         PRODUCTS Security Cameras Light Switches Lighting Plugs PLANS SUPPORT products plans support products Security Cameras Light Switches Lighting Plugs Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Kasa Care Service Agreement Your California Privacy Rights Effective: 23rd of December 2019 Version: 1.4 View Older Versions  Location:&nbsp.
 Kasa Care Service Agreement Overview and Relation to Other Agreements
Your use of the Kasa Care services (the "Kasa Care Services") is
governed by this Kasa Care Service Agreement (the "Service Agreement")
and the Terms Of
Use and Privacy Policy.
All
additional guidelines, terms, or rules in the Terms of Use and the
Privacy Policy are incorporated by reference into this Service Agreement
and you are agreeing to accept and abide by them by using the Kasa Care
Services.
If there are any conflicts among this Service Agreement and
the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, this Service Agreement will govern
to the extent of the conflicts.
Service Summary
When you purchase a Kasa Camera product, you have the option of using
our Kasa Care Services.
With the Kasa Care Services, any video footage
captured by your Kasa Cam is automatically sent to our servers for
storage.
From your iOS or Android device(s) you can then access
recordings covering limited time frames depending on your level of Kasa
Care Services.
Subscription Plans
Every Kasa Cam comes with our free Kasa Care Services package ("Free
Package") that may provide you with various services.
We reserve the
right to modify any services provided under the Free Package or
terminate the Free Package at any time in our sole discretion.
We also offer multiple tiers of paid subscription plans for our Kasa
Care Services.
For plan details and plan pricing, please visit
www.tp-link.com/us/kasacare.
Subscription fees are charged on the first day of the applicable
subscription period.
If your credit card transaction is declined or your
credit card expires, we reserve the right to cancel your Kasa Care
Services subscription, but your subscription will not automatically be
terminated.
You will remain responsible for all unpaid amounts that
accrue as a result of your declined or expired credit card.
Additionally, you will be responsible for all costs we incur in
connection with the collection of such unpaid amounts, including court
costs, attorneys' fees, collection agency fees and any other associated
costs.
(a) Subscription Renewal
All Kasa Care Services subscription plans renew automatically.
When we
renew your subscription plan, we will use the payment method then
currently associated with your account.
You will not be notified in
advance of impending renewals unless you choose an annual subscription
plan, in which case we will send an annual renewal reminder to the email
associated with your account.
Following the processing of your
applicable subscription payment, we will send you a receipt to the email
associated with your account.
When you purchase any of our Kasa Care
Services subscription plans, you expressly acknowledge and agree that
(1) TP-Link is authorized to charge you a subscription fee (in addition
to any applicable taxes) on a monthly or annually recurring basis
depending on the billing cycle you choose and the promotion code you
apply, if any, for as long as your subscription is in effect, and (2)
your subscription is in effect until you cancel it or it is terminated
at our discretion because your credit card was declined or you otherwise
fail to pay your subscription fee.
(b) Plan Modification
i.
Cancellation:
You may cancel your Kasa Care Services paid subscription at any time by
downgrading to the Free Package from the "Kasa Care" menu item on the
Kasa app.
When you cancel a monthly subscription plan, you cancel only
future charges associated with your subscription plan and are not
entitled to a refund.
When you cancel an annual subscription plan, you
cancel future charges associated with your subscription plan and you are
entitled to the applicable prorated refund.
For more details refer to
our refund policy.
Upon
cancellation of your subscription, we may (but are not obligated to)
delete any or all of your Kasa Cam recordings stored on our servers,
that become inaccessible to you as a result of your cancellation of a
paid subscription plan and downgrade to the Free Plan.
We reserve the
right to suspend or terminate your subscription for any reason, with or
without notice in accordance with the Terms Of Use.
ii.
Plan Changes:
You may change to a different paid subscription plan or change your
billing cycle type (Annual vs.
Monthly) at any time from the "Kasa
Care" menu item on the Kasa app.
Changes will take affect immediately
or at the end of your billing cycle.
For more details refer to our
refund policy.
When you make
any changes to your subscription, we may (but are not obligated to)
delete any or all of your Kasa Cam recordings stored on our servers,
that become inaccessible to you as a result of your change in
subscription plan.
(c) Incorrect Payments
If we charge less or more than the correct or advertised amount on a
transaction, we have the right for up to thirty (30) days after such
transaction date to complete subsequent transaction attempts in order to
rectify the incorrect payment.
(d) Pricing
Prices of our Kasa Care Services subscription plans are subject to
change at any time, but changes will not affect your current
subscriptions.
In the event that we change the pricing for any Kasa Care
Services subscription plan you have purchased, we will give you 30 days
advance notice of this change and will take effect on your next billing
cycle.
After receiving such notice, you will be deemed to have accepted
the change in pricing, unless you cancel your subscription as set forth
in section (b) above.
Suspension of video recording
You may stop video/audio recording from your camera at any time.
From
the Kasa App, go to the "Privacy" section under "Camera Settings"
and select "Do Not Record Video or Audio." For more details, please
visit What is Privacy Model.
Your choice to stop video/audio recording does not modify or cancel your
then existing subscription plan.




Limitations of Kasa Care Service
You acknowledge and agree that Kasa Care Services, whether standing
alone or interfaced with third-party products or services, is not
certified for emergency response and is not a third-party monitored
emergency notification system (e.g., Kasa Care will not dispatch
emergency authorities to your home in the event of an emergency).
Additionally, you acknowledge and agree that Kasa Care Services and our
employees are not a lifesaving solution for you or any other person at
risk in your home, and that the Kasa Care Services are not a substitute
for emergency services.
All emergencies should be directed to the
appropriate response services.
We make no warranty or representation
that the use of Kasa Care Services, whether standing alone or interfaced
with third-party products or services, will affect or increase your
level of safety or that of anyone else.
You acknowledge and agree that
you will not rely on the Kasa Care Services for any life-saving or other
critical purpose.
Mobile notifications regarding the status and alarms
related to the Kasa Care Services are provided for information purposes
only and such notifications are not a substitute for a third-party
monitored emergency notification system.
You acknowledge that it is your
responsibility to educate yourself on how to respond to emergencies.

 COMPANY 
 Support 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Careers 
 Press 


LEGAL
 Terms Of Use 
 Privacy Policy 
 Kasa Care Service Agreement 
 California Privacy Rights 
 JOIN THE KASA SMART COMMUNITY This email is invalid FOLLOW US 








 United States Copyright © 2021 KasaSmart.com.
All rights reserved.

      