
         You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
We use cookies on our website to improve the customer experience.By continuing to enjoy our site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies (the kind that are full of bytes vs the kind you bite).
For more information on how we collect and use this information, please review our Privacy PolicyGot ItSelect your store
Stores
About Us
Careers
Announcements
SearchSearchShopping List
Fearless Flyer
Products
Discover
Recipes
Listen


Products
Discover
Recipes
Listen
About Us
Find A Store
Fearless FlyerRead it!
Products
What's New
Food
Bakery
Cheese
Dairy &amp.
Eggs
Dips, Sauces &amp.
Dressings
Fresh Prepared Foods
From the Freezer
Fresh Fruits &amp.
Veggies
Meat, Seafood &amp.
Plant-based
For the Pantry
Snacks &amp.
Sweets
Beverages
Flower &amp.
Plants
Everything Else


Discover
Entertaining
Guides
Stories
Subscribe


Recipes
Appetizers &amp.
Sides
Beverages
Breakfast
Lunch
Dinner
Desserts


Listen


About Us
Diversity &amp.
Inclusion
Sustainability
Neighborhood Shares
Announcements
Careers
Contact Us


Find A Store


Home
Terms of Use
Trader Joe's Online Communities Terms of UseMarch 23, 2021










Terms of Use

Welcome, again, to the Trader Joe's website.
By accessing our website or our other online communities, you are consenting to the following terms of use and all corresponding legal "stuff" that goes along with it.
By accessing or using our online communities, you agree to follow and be bound by these terms.
If you don't agree with our terms of use, unfortunately, we will have to ask you to not access our communities.
That said, you can always change your mind, and we'll welcome you back.

Trader Joe's Online Communities Information Exchange

During your use of the Trader Joe's website or our other online communities, we may obtain certain information about you, which we will hold in confidence according to these Terms of Use and our Privacy Practices &amp.
Commitments.
For more on this, please see our Privacy Practices &amp.
Commitments.

Trader Joe's Online Communities Copyright and Trademark Rights


The Material posted by Trader Joe's on Trader Joe's Online Communities is the property of Trader Joe's. In other words: All rights, title and interest (including all copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property rights) to the content included on this website, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, and data compilations, is the property of Trader Joe's (or to another party that has licensed their material to Trader Joe's) and is protected by United States and international copyright laws.
Trader Joe’s also maintains all rights, title and interest to the content it posts on its other online communities, such as Instagram.

Please Respect the Material on Trader Joe's Online Communities: You may not reproduce, redistribute or otherwise use any materials without the express written consent of Trader Joe's.
Trader Joe's trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Trader Joe's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers or in any manner that disparages or discredits Trader Joe's.
(We know, but we still have to say it.)

The Material Included On Trader Joe's Online Communities Can Be Used For Personal, Informational And Shopping Purposes Only: This means that you agree you will not distribute, publish, transmit, modify, display or create copied works from or exploit the contents of our online communities in any way.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Trader Joe's for any and all unauthorized uses you may make of any material on the website.
You acknowledge the unauthorized use of the contents could cause irreparable harm to Trader Joe's and that in the event of an unauthorized use, Trader Joe's shall be entitled to an injunction in addition to any other remedies available at law or in equity in the exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the courts described below.
To the extent that Trader Joe's believes that you have violated its intellectual property rights, Trader Joe's may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any federal or state court located in California without having to submit that matter to mediation/arbitration as stated below, and you consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts.

Limitations on Use

Trader Joe's grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to view this website and the material Trader Joe’s posts on its other online communities, and to download and/or print portions of materials retrieved from our online communities as long as (a) it is used only for informational, non-commercial purposes, and (b) you do not remove or obscure the copyright notice or other notices.
No part of Traderjoes.com, or the content posted by Trader Joe’s on our other online communities, may be reproduced, republished, copied, transmitted, or distributed in any form or by any means, without the express written permission of Trader Joe's.
In addition, you may not use Trader Joe's online communities to:

gain unauthorized access to our online communities, network or computer systems;
interfere with any other person's use or enjoyment of our online communities;
breach any laws concerning the use of public telecommunications networks and interfering or disrupting networks or websites connected to our online communities;
copy any portion of the website, or any material posted by Trader Joe’s on our other online communities, or the content except as part of an Internet service provider's incidental caching of pages or for your own personal review later.
or
"hack," interfere with or disrupt our online communities or any servers directly or indirectly connected with the service or promote any such activity


Disclaimer and Limit on Liability

Trader Joe's will do its best to bring you uninterrupted, functional use of Trader Joe's online communities: That said, we do not guarantee that the functions contained on Trader Joe's online communities will be uninterrupted or error-free, or that our online communities or their servers will be free of viruses or other harmful components.
If we are made aware of any defects, we will always do our best to correct them.
Please understand that Trader Joe's Company disclaims all responsibility for any loss, injury, claim, liability, or damage of any kind resulting from, arising out of, or in any way related to: (1) any errors in or omissions from Trader Joe's online communities, including but not limited to technical inaccuracies and typographical errors.
(2) any third party websites or content therein directly or indirectly accessed through links in Trader Joe's online communities.
(3) any information which is posted by any 3rd party, including without limitation, information posted on any related blog.
(4) the unavailability of Trader Joe's online communities, or any portion of our online communities.
(5) your use of Trader Joe's online communities.
or (6) your use of any equipment or software in connection with Trader Joe's online communities.

Third Party Websites

As a convenience to Trader Joe's, our online communities may include links to third party websites or material which are beyond its control.
Trader Joe's is not responsible for content on other websites outside of our online communities.
Your use of any linked is subject to the terms and conditions of use and privacy policy imposed by the operator of the linked website, and Trader Joe's disclaims all liability in connection with your use of a linked website.

Changes in Our Terms of Use

We are always improving and updating our online communities to further enhance your experience.
As a result, our policies will continue to evolve.
Trader Joe's reserves the right to change, modify, add, or remove any of these Terms and any other content at this website from time to time for any reason.
We will provide notice of these changes by posting them right here.
We encourage you to refer to this page on an ongoing basis for our most current Terms of Use.

Disputes and Applicable Law

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, excluding that body of law relating to conflict of laws.
The parties agree that any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or the breach thereof, will be settled by binding arbitration in accordance with California Code of Civil Procedure Section 1280 et seq., and the then current rules and procedures of JAMS.
The arbitration shall be a confidential proceeding, closed to the general public.
The arbitration will take place in Los Angeles, California and be conducted in the English language.
The decision rendered by the arbitrator will be binding upon the parties hereto, and any judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
The parties consent to the jurisdiction of all federal and state courts in California.
Venue will lie exclusively in Los Angeles, California.
For the sake of clarity, nothing in this paragraph shall affect Trader Joe's ability to seek from a court injunctive or equitable relief at any time.
If any arbitration or other proceeding is brought to enforce or interpret this Agreement or matters relating to it, the substantially prevailing party, as determined by the arbitrator's award, will be entitled to recover reasonable attorneys' fees and other costs and expenses incurred in such arbitration or proceeding from the other party, in addition to any other relief to which such prevailing party is entitled.
provided that in no event will the arbitrator have the authority to award punitive damages.
Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by us in writing.
Any cause of action you may have with respect to Trader Joe's online communities must be commenced within one year after the claim or cause of action arises or such claim or cause of action shall be barred.

Children

Parents should always supervise their children while online.
Trader Joe's online communities are not designed nor intended to collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen.
So that we may comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, we ask that children under the age of thirteen not provide any personal information on our online communities.

International Use

Trader Joe's makes no representation that materials in Trader Joe's online communities are appropriate or available for use in other locations.
If you access our online communities from outside the United States, please understand that our online communities may contain references and/or links to products and services that are not available or are prohibited in your country.

Trader Joe's Community Guidelines for "Comments"

The root of the word community encompasses the concepts of "fellowship" and "courtesy," as well as "shared responsibility." By engaging here, you are agreeing to be a steward of the Trader Joe's community, and thus engender the fellowship, courtesy and shared responsibility as outlined in these guidelines:

You must be 13 or older to engage in this conversation, and if you are between the ages of 13-18, your parent or legal guardian must have reviewed our Terms and have agreed to them for you to participate.
Language is a powerful tool—wield it carefully and respectfully.
Offensive, off-color, hurtful, damaging, derogatory, provocative, insulting, abusive, harassing, ugly… remarks will not be tolerated.
Period.
Just as in our stores, maintaining a welcoming and safe environment is of paramount importance to us.
Trader Joe's reserves the right to not post or remove any comments at any time for any reason.
(Please note: if a portion of a comment is deemed not permissible, the entire comment will not be posted.)
You reserve the right to flag any comment that you deem inappropriate for immediate review and likely removal by Trader Joe's moderators.
Please keep comments on-topic—the featured Trader Joe's products and your experience with them or thoughts about them are the topic.
To discuss other pressing Trader Joe's topics—general store experiences or questions, location inquiries, business inquiries, new vendor pitches, employment interests or any other customer service-related matters, please visit our Contact Us page.
If you have questions or concerns pertaining to a specific store, please contact your local Trader Joe's Store for assistance.
Trader Joe's Crew Members may join in the discussion as customers, but will not address internal issues or answer questions on behalf of the Trader Joe's Company.


Miscellaneous

This website and/or certain activities provided via this website may be covered by U.S.
Patent 6,091,956.
Font Credit: Fontfabric (http://www.fontfabric.com)
If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this Agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
This is the entire Agreement between you and Trader Joe's relating to the subject matter herein and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous written or oral agreements between you and Trader Joe's with respect to such subject matter.
This Agreement may not be changed, waived or modified except by Trader Joe's as provided herein or otherwise by written instrument signed by Trader Joe's.
Neither this Agreement nor any right, obligation, or remedy hereunder is assignable, transferable, delegatable, or sublicensable by you except with Trader Joe's prior written consent, and any attempted assignment, transfer, delegation, or sublicense shall be null and void.
Trader Joe's may assign, transfer, or delegate this Agreement or any right or obligation or remedy hereunder in its sole discretion.
No waiver by either party of any breach or default hereunder shall be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default.
Any heading, caption, or section title contained in this Agreement is inserted only as a matter of convenience and in no way defines or explains any section or provision hereof.
The Fearless FlyerREAD ITThe PodcastListenRecipesTRYProducts
What's New
Food
Beverages
Flowers &amp.
Plants
Everything else
Discover
Stories
Entertaining
Guides
Subscribe
Recipes
Appetizers &amp.
Sides
Beverages
Breakfast
Lunch
Dinner
Desserts
Who We Are
About Us
Diversity &amp.
Inclusion
Sustainability
Neighborhood Shares
Locations By State
FAQs


Follow us











Copyright © Trader Joe’s 2022.
All rights reserved.

Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Transparency in Supply Chains Act
Contact Us
Print 
      