
         TradingView EN TradingView 
 Ticker Trading Ideas Educational Ideas Scripts People 
 Guest Profile Profile Settings Account and Billing Referred friends Coins My Support Tickets Help Center Dark color theme Sign Out Sign in Upgrade Upgrade now 30-day Free Trial Start free trial Upgrade plan Pay nothing extra Upgrade early 
 Get 6 months free 
 Use last chance 
 Get a month for $1 


Chart
Trade
Top Brokers
Broker Awards


Markets
Cryptocurrencies
Crypto Screener
Prices
Market Cap charts
Bitcoin
XRP
Ethereum
Bitcoin Cash
EOS
Stellar
Litecoin
Bitcoin SV
Tether

Crypto Market Cap, BTC/USD, ETH/USD, USDT/USD, XRP/USD, Bitcoin

Currencies
Economic Calendar
Forex Screener
Major
Minor
Exotic
Americas
Europe
Asia
Pacific
Middle East
Africa
Cross rates
Heat map
Currency indices

EUR/USD, GBP/USD, USD/JPY, AUD/USD, USD/CAD, USD/CHF

Stocks
Earnings Calendar
Stock Screener
Large-cap
Top gainers
Top losers
Most active
Most volatile
Overbought
Oversold
All-time high
All-time low
High-dividend
Sector &amp.
Industry

Apple, Advanced Micro Devices Inc, Amazon Com Inc, TESLA INC, NETFLIX INC, Facebook Inc

Indices
Major world indices
US indices
S&P sectors
Currency indices

S&P 500, Nasdaq 100, Dow 30, Russell 2000, U.S.
Dollar Index, Bitcoin Index

Futures
Agricultural
Energy
Currencies
Metals
World indices
Interest rates

Gold, Silver, Crude Oil, Natural Gas, Corn, Bitcoin

Bonds
Major 10Y
Americas
Europe
Asia
Pacific
Middle East
Africa

US 10Y, Euro Bund, Germany 10Y, Japan 10Y Yield, UK 10Y, India 10Y



Screeners
Stock Screener
Forex Screener
Crypto Screener


Ideas
Editors' picks
Followed authors
Asset class
Cryptocurrencies
Currencies
Stocks
Indices
Futures
Bonds


Trend analysis
Support and resistance
Supply and demand
Pivot Points
Fibonacci
Trend lines
Candlestick analysis
Multiple time frame analysis
Seasonality
Fractals
Cycles


Harmonic patterns
AB=CD
Three Drives
Gartley
Bat
Butterfly
Crab
Cypher
5-0
Shark


Chart patterns
Double Top or Bottom
Head and Shoulders
Wedge
Cup and Handle
Flag
Pennant
Rectangle
Parallel channel
Pitchforks
Triangle


Technical indicators
Oscillators
Centered oscillators
Volatility
Volume
Moving Average
Breadth indicators
Bill Williams indicators


Wave analysis
Elliott Wave
Neo Wave
Sine Wave
Wolfe Wave
Kondratieff Wave


Gann
Gann Box
Gann Fan
Gann Square


Fundamental analysis
Earnings
Growth
Value
Dividends


Beyond technical analysis
Risk management
Trading psychology
Trading plan
Trading tools
Macroeconomics
Chart art




Streams
Scripts
Editors' picks
Oscillators
Relative Strength Index (RSI)
Average Directional Index (ADX)
Stochastic Oscillator
Chande Momentum Oscillator (CMO)
True Strength Index (TSI)
Ultimate Oscillator (UO)
Stochastic RSI
Vortex Indicator (VI)
Directional Movement Index (DMI)
DM Indicator


Centered oscillators
Moving Average Convergence Divergence (MACD)
Commodity Channel Index (CCI)
Fisher Transform
Momentum Indicator (MOM)
Woodies CCI
TRIX
Detrended Price Oscillator (DPO)
Percent Price Oscillator (PPO)
Bears Power
Know Sure Thing (KST)


Volatility
Average True Range (ATR)
Bollinger Bands (BB)
Rate of Change (ROC)
Donchian Channels
Keltner Channels (KC)
Parabolic Stop and Reverse (PSAR)
Historical Volatility
Standard Deviation
Volatility Stop
Chaikin Volatility (CHV)


Trend analysis
Ichimoku Cloud
Pivot Points
Price/Earnings Ratio (P/E Ratio)
Support and Resistance
Commitment of Traders (COT)
Linear Regression
Pring Special K
Zig Zag Indicator
Candlestick Analysis
Relative Strength Comparison (RSC)


Volume
Put/Call Ratio (PCR)
Volume Indicator
Money Flow Index (MFI)
Chaikin Money Flow (CMF)
Volume Profile
Volume-weighted Average Price (VWAP)
Accumulation / Distribution Line (ADL)
Price Volume Trend (PVT)
Ease of Movement (EOM)
Negative Volume Index (NVI)


Moving average
Exponential Moving Average (EMA)
Weighted Moving Average (WMA)
Simple Moving Average (SMA)
Hull Moving Average (HMA)
Kaufman's Adaptive Moving Average (KAMA)
Smoothed Moving Average (SMMA)
Variable Index Dynamic Average (VIDYA)
Volume-weighted Moving Average (VWMA)
Fractal Adaptive Moving Average (FRAMA)
Double Exponential Moving Average (DEMA)


Breadth indicators
On Balance Volume (OBV)
McClellan Oscillator
McClellan Summation Index
Advance/Decline Ratio
Cumulative Volume Index (CVI)
Arms Index (TRIN)
Advance/Decline Line
High-Low Index
Advance/Decline Volume Line


Bill Williams indicators
Awesome Oscillator (AO)
Williams Fractal
Market Facilitation Index
Williams Alligator
Gator Oscillator
Accelerator Oscillator (AC)




More
Help Center
Pricing
About
About
Features
Blog &amp.
news
Status page
Wall of Love


Community
Refer a friend
House rules
Moderators
Pine Wizards


For business
Website &amp.
broker solutions
Widgets
Charting solutions
Lightweight Library
Brokerage integration
Partner program
Advertising




 Cookies Policy  This Cookies Policy ("Cookies Policy") describes cookies and other technologies that TradingView, Inc.
("TradingView", "we", "us" or "our") uses on its website ("Site") and the choices that users have.
This Cookies Policy is a part of TradingView’s Privacy Policy.

When you first visit the Site, you will be asked to consent to the use of cookies in accordance with this Cookies Policy.
Note that if you accept, we will store them on your computer. What is a cookie? A 'cookie' is a piece of information that is sent to your browser by a website you visit.
The Site uses first party cookies (those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time.
For example, cookies via www.tradingview.com) as well as third-party cookies (set by a different domain), as described below.
Cookies can be stored on your computer for various periods of time.
They can be in a form of either "session cookies" or "persistent cookies." A session cookie only lasts as long as the browser session and is automatically deleted when you close your browser.
A persistent cookie lasts long after your browser is closed and will remain until it expires (as determined by the third party in charge of placing it) or until you delete the cookie.
Persistent cookies are used to help sites recognize and identify your computer when you open your browser and surf the Internet again.
The data collected through cookies may include information about the IP (Internet Protocol) address of your device, browser type, language, operating system, the state or country from which you have accessed the Site, the date and the time of your visit(s), the number of links you click on this Site, the functions you use, the searches you request, and the data you have saved while on this Site.
TradingView may use the information collected for a variety of necessary, legitimate purposes, including user authentication, user interface customization, security, research and analysis to improve the functionality of our Site, and advertising (for more information on how we use your data, please read our Privacy Policy).
You can find out more about cookies (including how to see or manage them) at All About Cookies or AboutCookies.org websites.
If you do not want to receive cookies from third parties, you can also change your browser settings on your computer, or any other device you are using as, described under the "How to control cookies" section below. How do we use cookies? The following sets out how we use different categories of cookies, as well as information on your options for managing your settings for the data collected by these technologies:


Necessary cookies: These cookies are used to provide users with services available through a Site and to use some of its features, such as the ability to log-in and access secure areas, provide pop-up notices, and accept language from sign-up forms.
These cookies are essential for using and navigating a Site.
Without them, basic functions of our Site would not work.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver our Site’s essential services, you cannot refuse them.


Functionality cookies: These cookies are used to remember specific choices made by the user (i.e.
username, a user's language or their country/region, etc.) and provide enhanced and personalized features to these users based on this data.


Performance/Analytics cookies: These cookies are used to recognize and count the number of Site visitors, gather statistics regarding how visitors move around the Site (including number of page views and the amount time spent on each page) and for conversion tracking and click hotspots.
This helps us improve the way our Site works and general user experience.
For example, these cookies allow us to ensure that users are able to find what they need easily.


Advertising cookies (ad cookies): These cookies are used to show advertising that is relevant to you.


Cookies used to integrate third party services: These cookies are used to integrate third-party functions on the Site, such as videos, maps, or social network plug-ins.


Other third party cookies: On some parts of the Site, including, but not limited, to news widgets, we use content provided by other websites(third parties).
These third party sites are able to set their own cookies in some cases.
Note that we have no control over these third-party cookies.
You can turn them off by disabling them on your browser.
For more information, you can read the "How to control cookies" section below.



More information on our use of cookies can be found in the table below:
 Source Categories of Use Domain Description Opt out TradingView Necessary cookies .tradingview.com We use these cookies for user authentication and identification, in order to make our features and functions more readily available.
In addition,we use necessary cookies for user interface customization and security features such as detecting fraud and abuse.
We also use Web Storage and IndexedDB technologies to store user preferences and information that is necessary for providing our services.
We use evercookie technology to implement security features and detect violations of our Terms of Use.
Examples of the specific cookies used for this purpose are cachec, sessionid, and tv_ecuid.
If you remove these cookies, then you will no longer be able to access the features that are available all to registered users, regardless of whether or not you have a paid plan.
Google Analytics Performance and ad cookies .tradingview.com These cookies are used to collect and analyze information about how you use the Site.
We use this information to analyze and improve our services.
These cookies collect information pseudonymously.
Examples of cookies used for this purpose are __ga, __utma, and __git.
 The information about your use of the Site (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google, Inc.
in the United States (pursuant to Google's Privacy Shield certification).
This is all generated by Google Analytics.
 For more information on Google Analytics and their privacy practices, check here.
You can find more information about Google Analytics and their cookie usage and expiration here.
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on Yandex.Metrica Performance cookies .tradingview.com These cookies are used to collect and analyze information about how you use the Site.
We use this information to analyze and improve our services.
Information about your use of the Site collected by cookies will be transferred to Yandex and stored on Yandex’s server in the EU and the Russian Federation.
Yandex will process this information to assess how you use the website, compile reports for us on our website operation, and provide other services.
Yandex processes this information as specified in the Terms of Use of Yandex.Metrica Service.
For more information on Yandex.Metrica cookies, please check here.
You can opt out of using these cookie files by the tool.
TradingView Snowplow Tracker Performance cookies .tradingview.com These cookies are used to collect and analyze information about how you use the Site.
We use this information to analyze and improve our services.
These cookies collect information pseudonymously.
Examples of cookies used for this purpose are _sp_id.* and _sp_ses.*.
You can block or delete these cookies by changing the browser settings as explained in the "How to control cookies" section below.
Google Advertising Ad cookies .tradingview.com These cookies are used to show you advertisements and for remarketing and tracking purposes.
You can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page or by turning off the personalization of Google ads on the Ad Settings page.
Facebook Ad cookies .facebook.com These cookies are used for remarketing and tracking purposes.
For more information on Facebook's privacy policy, check here.
You can manage your personal settings for advertisements on Facebook at Your Ad Preferences.
Twitter Ad cookies .twitter.com These cookies are used for remarketing and tracking purposes.
For more information on Twitter's privacy policy, check here.
If you wish, you can change your settings in your personal Twitter account to receive advertisements.
How to control cookies Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default.
If you prefer, you can set your browser to disable cookies or to notify you when cookies are being stored.
If you disable cookies or refuse to accept a Site's request to place cookies, it is possible that some parts of this Site will not function properly or potentially not work at all.
You can find more information about cookie management on the most popular web-browser help pages by visiting the following links:

 Google Chrome 
 Mozilla Firefox 
 Microsoft Edge 
 Safari (macOS) 
 Safari (iOS) 

For other browsers, please consult the documentation that your browser manufacturer provides. Web beacons  Web beacons, also called tracking pixels, are tiny graphics with unique identifiers that allow us to track usage patterns, count users who have visited a particular page, advertising impressions and clicks (ad reactions), etc.
Web beacons can only collect limited information, including a cookie number, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page on which the web beacon resides.
These beacons do not carry any personal data and are only used to track the effectiveness of this Site and to show advertisements based on user interests.
We use web beacons in connection with Google Analytics and advertising services as well as our Snowplow Tracker.
The information generated relating to our Site is used for various necessary and legitimate purposes, including the creation of reports on the use of this site as well as the development, testing, and improvement of services.
Google will store information of users’ actions on the TradingView Site and it will be collected by Google services.
For more information on Google’s use of data for marketing and analytics purposes, please see Advertising – Privacy &amp.
Terms and Google’s Privacy Policy.
 Changes We may change the type of third party service providers that place cookies on our Site and amend this Cookies Policy at any time by posting the amended version on our Site.
Unless additional notice or consent is required by applicable laws, this will serve as your official notification of these changes. Contact us  If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us at privacy@tradingview.com.
 Products Chart Pine Script Stock Screener Forex Screener Crypto Screener Economic Calendar Earnings Calendar Company About Features Pricing Wall of Love Blog Security vulnerability Status page Terms of use Disclaimer Privacy policy Cookies policy Community Refer a friend Ideas Scripts Streams House rules Moderators Pine Wizards Chat For business Widgets Advertising Website &amp.
broker solutions Charting solutions Lightweight Charting Library Brokerage integration Partner program Content streams &amp.
RSS Download
Desktop app Select market data provided by ICE Data Services © 2021 TradingView Home Stock Screener Forex Screener Crypto Screener Economic Calendar About Chart Features Pricing Refer a friend House Rules Help Center Website &amp.
Broker Solutions Widgets Charting Solutions Lightweight Charting Library Blog &amp.
News Twitter What's New 
 Guest Profile Profile Settings Account and Billing Referred friends Coins My Support Tickets Help Center Private Messages Chat Dark color theme Sign Out Upgrade Upgrade now 30-day Free Trial Start free trial Upgrade plan Pay nothing extra Upgrade early 
 Get 6 months free 
 Use last chance 
 Get a month for $1 
 This website uses cookiesWe use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
To learn more about cookies, including how to control cookies, please read our Cookies Policy.Accept
      