

Do's and Don'ts: You Should 
You may use TA marketing material and self created literature (as long as it follows the guidelines on this page)
You may create website(s) to promote TA identifying yourself as an TA Affiliate, with full name and ID #.
You may use the TA Independent Affiliate logo including your full name and TA Username.
You may only use Company endorsed marketing /auto responders to promote your TA business.
(Aweber, Get Response, GVO)
Affiliates are personally responsible for their postings and all other online activity that relates to TA.
ALL postings must align with TA values, Policies &amp.
Procedures, Terms &amp.
Conditions and Compensation Plan and contributes to the TA community greater good.
Whenever discussing TA products, services or the TA opportunity online in any manner, Affiliates must disclose their full name, TA username and conspicuously identify themselves as an TA Independent Affiliate.
For those in violation of any TA's P &amp.
P's, it may result in disciplinary action, which may include fine, suspension, or termination of the offending Affiliate.

 You Should not 
You may not make improper income or product claims, even if true without a clear and conspicuous Income Disclosure Statement visible.
You may not use third party shopping carts to publicize or sell TA products – like eBay, Amazon, Alibaba, or self-created, etc.
You may not self create website(s) to promote TA without identifying yourself as an TA Affiliate.
You may not capitalize on the TA brand and products.
Such as selling leads, offering Coops to TA Affiliates or the public.
You may not use Facebook, eBay, Amazon, or Twitter to market TA online unless you identify yourself as an TA Affiliate.
You may not re-produce sales aids either electronically or in print.
You may not use the TA name or product names or any noncompliant verbiage as usernames in any email addresses, URLs or social media websites such as Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter.
You may not make any financial commitments or media contacts on behalf of TA.
You may not use any false or misleading testimonials.
including product claims or income claims.
You may not do anything that may bring the TA name, brand or Affiliates any disrespect.

