
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE ("AGREEMENT" OR "TERMS OF USE") CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SERVICES OFFERED BY TRAKT.
("TRAKT").
THIS AGREEMENT SETS FORTH THE LEGALLY BINDING TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE AT HTTPS://TRAKT.TV (THE "SITE") AND THE SERVICE OWNED AND OPERATED BY TRAKT (COLLECTIVELY WITH THE SITE, THE "SERVICE").
BY USING THE SITE OR SERVICE IN ANY MANNER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO VISITING OR BROWSING THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT.
THIS AGREEMENT APPLIES TO ALL USERS OF THE SITE OR SERVICE, INCLUDING USERS WHO ARE ALSO CONTRIBUTORS OF CONTENT, INFORMATION, AND OTHER MATERIALS OR SERVICES ON THE SITE.Acceptance of TermsThe Service is offered subject to acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein (the "Terms of Use"), which terms also incorporates Trakt's Privacy Policy, Trakt's Copyright Policy and all other operating rules, policies and procedures that may be published from time to time on the Site by Trakt, each of which is incorporated by reference and each of which may be updated by Trakt from time to time without notice to you.
In addition, some services offered through the Service may be subject to additional terms and conditions promulgated by Trakt from time to time.
your use of such services is subject to those additional terms and conditions, which are incorporated into these Terms of Use by this reference.
The Service is available only to individuals who are at least 13 years old.
You represent and warrant that if you are an individual, you are of legal age to form a binding contract, and that all registration information you submit is accurate and truthful.
Trakt may, in its sole discretion, refuse to offer the Service to any person or entity and change its eligibility criteria at any time.
This provision is void where prohibited by law and the right to access the Service is revoked in such jurisdictions.Modification of Terms of UseTrakt reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any of the Terms of Use, or change, suspend, or discontinue the Service (including without limitation, the availability of any feature, database, or content) at any time by posting a notice on the Site or by sending you an email.
Trakt may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the Service without notice or liability.
It is your responsibility to check the Terms of Use periodically for changes.
Your continued use of the Service following the posting of any changes to the Terms of Use constitutes acceptance of those changes.Rules and ConductAs a condition of use, you promise not to use the Service for any purpose that is prohibited by the Terms of Use.
The Service (including, without limitation, any Content or User Submissions (both as defined below)) is provided only for your own personal, non-commercial use.
You are responsible for all of your activity in connection with the Service.
For purposes of the Terms of Use, the term "Content" includes, without limitation, any User Submissions, videos, audio clips, written forum comments, information, data, text, photographs, software, scripts, graphics, and interactive features generated, provided, or otherwise made accessible by Trakt or its partners on or through the Service.
By way of example, and not as a limitation, you shall not (and shall not permit any third party to) either (a) take any action or (b) upload, download, post, submit or otherwise distribute or facilitate distribution of any Content on or through the Service, including without limitation any User Submission, that:
infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity or other right of any other person or entity or violates any law or contractual duty;
you know is false, misleading, untruthful or inaccurate;
is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another's privacy, tortious, obscene, offensive, or profane;
constitutes unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, junk or bulk e-mail ("spamming");
involves commercial activities and/or sales without Trakt's prior written consent such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, or pyramid schemes;
contains software viruses or any other computer codes, files, or programs that are designed or intended to disrupt, damage, limit or interfere with the proper function of any software, hardware, or telecommunications equipment or to damage or obtain unauthorized access to any system, data, password or other information of Trakt or any third party.
or
impersonates any person or entity, including any employee or representative of Trakt.
Additionally, you shall not: (i) take any action that imposes or may impose (as determined by Trakt in its sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on Trakt's (or its third party providers') infrastructure.
(ii) interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Service or any activities conducted on the Service.
(iii) bypass any measures Trakt may use to prevent or restrict access to the Service (or other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the Service).
(iv) run any form of auto-responder or "spam" on the Service.
or (v) use manual or automated software, devices, or other processes to "crawl" or "spider" any page of the Site.
You shall not (directly or indirectly): (i) decipher, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to derive any source code or underlying ideas or algorithms of any part of the Service, except to the limited extent applicable laws specifically prohibit such restriction, (ii) modify, translate, or otherwise create derivative works of any part of the Service, or (iii) copy, rent, lease, distribute, or otherwise transfer any of the rights that you receive hereunder.
You shall abide by all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations.
Trakt does not guarantee that any Content or User Submissions (as defined below) will be made available on the Site or through the Service.
Trakt has no obligation to monitor the Site, Service, Content, or User Submissions.
However, Trakt reserves the right to (i) remove, edit or modify any Content in its sole discretion, including without limitation any User Submissions, from the Site or Service at any time, without notice to you and for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such Content or if Trakt is concerned that you may have violated the Terms of Use), or for no reason at all and (ii) to remove or block any User Submissions from the Service.RegistrationYou may browse the Site and view Content without registering, but as a condition to using certain aspects of the Service, you may be required to register with Trakt and select a password and screen name ("User ID").
You shall provide Trakt with accurate, complete, and updated registration information.
Failure to do so shall constitute a breach of the Terms of Use, which may result in immediate termination of your Trakt account.
You shall not (i) select or use as a User ID a name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person.
(ii) use as a User ID a name subject to any rights of a person other than you without appropriate authorization.
or (iii) use as a User ID a name that is otherwise offensive, vulgar or obscene.
Trakt reserves the right to refuse registration of, or cancel a User ID in its sole discretion.
You are solely responsible for activity that occurs on your account and shall be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Trakt password.
You shall never use another user's account without such other user's express permission.
You will immediately notify Trakt in writing of any unauthorized use of your account, or other account related security breach of which you are aware.Third Party SitesThe Service may permit you to link to other websites or resources on the Internet, and other websites or resources may contain links to the Site.
When you access third party websites, you do so at your own risk.
These other websites are not under Trakt's control, and you acknowledge that Trakt is not responsible or liable for the content, functions, accuracy, legality, appropriateness or any other aspect of such websites or resources.
The inclusion of any such link does not imply endorsement by Trakt or any association with its operators.
You further acknowledge and agree that Trakt shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such Content, goods or services available on or through any such website or resource.Content and LicenseYou agree that the Service contains Content specifically provided by Trakt or its partners and that such Content is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets or other proprietary rights and laws.
You shall abide by and maintain all copyright notices, information, and restrictions contained in any Content accessed through the Service.
Trakt grants each user of the Site and/or Service a worldwide, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable and non-transferable license to use, modify and reproduce the Content, solely for personal, non-commercial use.
Use, reproduction, modification, distribution or storage of any Content for other than personal, non-commercial use is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from Trakt, or from the copyright holder identified in such Content's copyright notice.
You shall not sell, license, rent, or otherwise use or exploit any Content for commercial use or in any way that violates any third party right.Violations of Third Party Rights (DMCA Compliant Copyright Infringement Notices)It is Trakt’s policy to respond to clear notices of alleged copyright infringement.
This policy is designed to confirm with the provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”).
Upon receipt of a DMCA compliant notice, Trakt, Inc., an Oregon corporation (“Trakt”) will expeditiously remove or disable access to the content that is the subject of the notice.
If you are a copyright owner or an authorized agent thereof, and you wish to file a notice of infringement with us, then you may submit a notice by providing Trakt’s Designated Copyright Agent with the following information in writing (you should speak with your legal counsel or See 17 U.S.C.
Section 512(c)(3) to confirm these requirements): 

A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works on the Trakt Site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit Trakt to locate the material.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit Trakt to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which you may be contacted.
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.


Please note that under Section 512(f) of the DMCA, any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity is infringing may be subject to liability.If you are unsure whether the material available online infringes your copyright, we suggest that you contact an attorney before sending us a notice.DMCA Counter-NotificationsThe administrator of an affected site or the provider of affected content may make a counter notification under sections 512(g)(2) and (3) of the DMCA.
If you elect to send Trakt a counter notice, to be effective it must be a written communication that includes the following (please consult your legal counsel or See 17 U.S.C.
Section 512(g)(3) to confirm these requirements):

A physical or electronic signature of the subscriber.
Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled.
A statement under penalty of perjury that the subscriber has a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled.
The subscriber’s name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that the subscriber consents to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the address is located, or if the subscriber’s address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which Trakt may be found, and that the subscriber will accept service of process from the person who provided notification under subsection (c)(1)(C) or an agent of such person.


Please note that under Section 512(f) of the Copyright Act, any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification may be subject to liability.



Designated Copyright Agent

Trakt’s Designated Copyright Agent to receive notifications and counter-notifications of claimed infringement can be reached as follows: 
copyright@trakt.tv
For clarity, only DMCA notices should go to the Trakt’s Designated Copyright Agent.
Any other feedback, comments, requests for technical support or other communications should be directed to Trakt through https://support.trakt.tv.
You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements of this section, your DMCA notice may not be valid.User SubmissionsThe Service provides you with the ability to add, create, upload, submit, distribute or post ("Submitting" or "Submission") content, videos, audio clips, written forum comments, data, text, photographs, software, scripts, graphics, or other information to the Site (collectively, the "User Submissions").
By Submitting User Submissions on the Site or otherwise through the Service, you:
acknowledge that you are publishing that User Submission, and that you may be identified publicly by your User ID in association with any such User Submission;
hereby do and shall grant Trakt a worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, fully paid, sublicensable and transferable license to use, edit, modify, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, perform, and otherwise fully exploit the User Submissions in connection with the Site, the Service and Trakt's (and its successors and assigns') business, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Site (and derivative works thereof) or the Service in any media formats and through any media channels (including, without limitation, third party websites).
You also hereby do and shall grant each user of the Site and/or the Service a non-exclusive license to access your User Submissions through the Site and the Service, and to use, edit, modify, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and perform such User Submissions solely for personal, non-commercial use.
For clarity, the foregoing license grant to Trakt does not affect your other ownership or license rights in your User Submission(s), including the right to grant additional licenses to the material in your User Submission(s), unless otherwise agreed in writing;
represent and warrant, and can demonstrate to Trakt's full satisfaction upon request that you (i) own or otherwise control all rights to all content in your User Submissions, or that the content in such User Submissions is in the public domain, (ii) you have full authority to act on behalf of any and all owners of any right, title or interest in and to any content in your User Submissions to use such content as contemplated by these Terms of Use and to grant the license rights set forth above, (iii) you have the permission to use the name and likeness of each identifiable individual person and to use such individual's identifying or personal information as contemplated by these Terms of Use.
and (iv) you are authorized to grant all of the aforementioned rights to the User Submissions to Trakt and all users of the Service;
agree to pay all royalties and other amounts owed to any person or entity due to your Submission of any User Submissions to the Service;
represent and warrant that the use or other exploitation of such User Submissions by Trakt and use or other exploitation by users of the Site and Service as contemplated by this Agreement will not infringe or violate the rights of any third party, including without limitation any privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights, or any other intellectual property or proprietary rights.
and
understand that Trakt shall have the right to delete, edit, modify, reformat, excerpt, or translate any materials, content or information submitted by you.
and that all information publicly posted or privately transmitted through the Site is the sole responsibility of the person from which such content originated and that Trakt will not be liable for any errors or omissions in any content.
and that Trakt cannot guarantee the identity of any other users with whom you may interact in the course of using the Service.
Trakt does not endorse and has no control over any User Submission.
Trakt cannot guarantee the authenticity of any data which users may provide about themselves.
You acknowledge that all Content accessed by you using the Service is at your own risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage or loss to any party resulting therefrom.TerminationTrakt may terminate your access to all or any part of the Service at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with your membership.
If you wish to terminate your account, you may do so by following the instructions on the Site.
Any fees paid hereunder are non-refundable.
All provisions of the Terms of Use which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.Warranty DisclaimerTrakt has no special relationship with or fiduciary duty to you.
You acknowledge that Trakt has no control over, and no duty to take any action regarding: which users gains access to the Site.
what Content you access via the Site.
what effects the Content may have on you.
how you may interpret or use the Content.
or what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content.
You release Trakt from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired Content through the Site.
The Site may contain, or direct you to websites containing, information that some people may find offensive or inappropriate.
Trakt makes no representations concerning any Content contained in or accessed through the Site, and Trakt will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Site or the Service.
THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" AND IS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY WARRANTIES IMPLIED BY ANY COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE, ALL OF WHICH ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED.
TRAKT, AND ITS DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, PARTNERS AND CONTENT PROVIDERS DO NOT WARRANT THAT: (A) THE SERVICE WILL BE SECURE OR AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME OR LOCATION.
(B) ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED.
(C) ANY CONTENT OR SOFTWARE AVAILABLE AT OR THROUGH THE SERVICE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
OR (D) THE RESULTS OF USING THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS.
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.
SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS PRIVACY ACT NOTICE (18USC 2701-2711): TRAKT MAKES NO GUARANTY OF CONFIDENTIALITY OR PRIVACY OF ANY COMMUNICATION OR INFORMATION TRANSMITTED ON THE SITE OR ANY WEBSITE LINKED TO THE SITE.
Trakt will not be liable for the privacy of email addresses, registration and identification information, disk space, communications, confidential or trade-secret information, or any other Content stored on Trakt's equipment, transmitted over networks accessed by the Site, or otherwise connected with your use of the Service.IndemnificationYou shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Trakt, its affiliates and each of its, and its affiliates employees, contractors, directors, suppliers and representatives from all liabilities, claims, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, that arise from or relate to your use or misuse of, or access to, the Site, Service, Content or otherwise from your User Submissions, violation of the Terms of Use, or infringement by you, or any third party using the your account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity.
Trakt reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will assist and cooperate with Trakt in asserting any available defenses.Limitation of LiabilityIN NO EVENT SHALL TRAKT, NOR ITS DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS, SUPPLIERS OR CONTENT PROVIDERS, BE LIABLE UNDER CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICE (I) FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, DATA LOSS, COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, OR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES (HOWEVER ARISING), (II) FOR ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE (REGARDLESS OF THE SOURCE OF ORIGINATION), OR (III) FOR ANY DIRECT DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF (IN THE AGGREGATE) ONE-HUNDRED U.S.
DOLLARS ($100.00).
SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.Dispute ResolutionA printed version of the Terms of Use and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to the Terms of Use to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
You and Trakt agree that any cause of action arising out of or related to the Service must commence within one (1) year after the cause of action arose.
otherwise, such cause of action is permanently barred.
The Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, excluding its conflicts of law rules, and the United States of America.
Any dispute arising from or relating to the subject matter of this Agreement shall be finally settled by arbitration in New York County, New York, using the English language in accordance with the Arbitration Rules and Procedures of Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc.
("JAMS") then in effect, by one commercial arbitrator with substantial experience in resolving intellectual property and commercial contract disputes, who shall be selected from the appropriate list of JAMS arbitrators in accordance with the Arbitration Rules and Procedures of JAMS.
The prevailing party in any arbitration or other proceeding arising under these Terms of Use shall be entitled to receive reimbursement of its reasonable expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees, expert witness fees and all other expenses) incurred in connection therewith.
Judgment upon the award so rendered may be entered in a court having jurisdiction or application may be made to such court for judicial acceptance of any award and an order of enforcement, as the case may be.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party shall have the right to institute an action in a court of proper jurisdiction for injunctive or other equitable relief pending a final decision by the arbitrator.
For all purposes of this Agreement, the parties consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the United States Federal Courts or state courts located in the Southern District of New York.
Use of the Service is not authorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of the Terms of Use, including without limitation, this section.Integration and SeverabilityThe Terms of Use are the entire agreement between you and Trakt with respect to the Service and use of the Site, and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals (whether oral, written or electronic) between you and Trakt with respect to the Site.
If any provision of the Terms of Use is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the Terms of Use will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
The failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder.MiscellaneousTrakt shall not be liable for any failure to perform its obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause beyond Trakt's reasonable control, including, without limitation, mechanical, electronic or communications failure or degradation (including "line-noise" interference).
The Terms of Use are personal to you, and are not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with Trakt's prior written consent.
Trakt may assign, transfer or delegate any of its rights and obligations hereunder without consent.
No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment relationship is created as a result of the Terms of Use and neither party has any authority of any kind to bind the other in any respect.
All notices under the Terms of Use will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when received, if personally delivered or sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested.
when receipt is electronically confirmed, if transmitted by facsimile or e-mail.
or the day after it is sent, if sent for next day delivery by recognized overnight delivery service.ContactYou may contact Trakt at the following address: support@trakt.tv
Effective Date: June 1, 2016
