

What is “personally identifiable information” and how does Tree Top use it?

Personally identifiable information includes your name, address, phone number, email address, hobbies, etc.
Tree Top does not collect personally identifiable information from individuals unless they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly.
We do not require our visitors to register or provide personally identifiable information prior to viewing our website.
If you contact us through our website, we use the information you supply for the purpose of providing the services you requested, such as filling an order, providing a cost estimate, or answering a question.
Additionally, we may use the information to communicate with you regarding promotions or other interactive activities you may choose to participate in through our website.
We do not require you to provide personally identifiable information to play our games.
If you purchase or otherwise request a product, publication, or promotional offering from us or take advantage of a rebate or similar offer, you may be required to provide your contact and/or payment information (such as a credit card number) in order for us to process your request.

Does Tree Top gather information by automatic means?

Sometimes we use “cookie” technology and similar protocols on our website to enhance functionality and navigation for our visitors.
Information tracked through these mechanisms includes but is not limited to IP addresses, types of web browsers or operating systems being used, the pages of the website a user visits, and other websites a user visited before visiting our site.
If you wish to disable cookies, refer to your browser help menu to learn how to disable cookies.
Please note that if you disable cookies, you may be unable to access some customized features on our site.
Cookies do not collect or contain your name or email address.

Does Tree Top share personal information with third parties?

No.
Except as noted below, Tree Top does not share information provided by our customers or users of this website with parties outside of our company.
We do not sell or distribute our customer lists.
We reserve the right to disclose any personal information as needed if such information is requested by law enforcement agencies or if we are requested to do so by law, regulation, subpoena, court order, or by a government entity.
We also may disclose personal information to third parties if we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to conduct investigations of possible breaches of law, to cooperate in any legal investigation, or to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating the General Terms and Conditions of use of our website.

What about information I post about myself in interactive areas of the website?

If you use chat rooms and message/bulletin boards that may be on our site, you should know that when you voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information (e.g., name, email address, etc.) on a message/bulletin board, in a chat area, or other interactive area where personal information can be posted, the information can be collected and used by other Internet users.
This may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or parties.
We undertake no obligations as to the security of information you voluntarily post in chat rooms and message/bulletin boards.

How can I change information submitted to Tree Top?

You can change your preferences for follow-up contacts by Tree Top.
If you’re registered through this or any of our affiliated websites, you can change the information you’ve provided to us or cancel your registration by going to the appropriate links on your account or profile sections of the websites.

What is Tree Top’s Children’s Privacy Policy?

Some portions of our website may be directed to children under age thirteen (13).
Submission and use of personally identifiable information about children under age 13 is governed by the federal Children’s Online Privacy Act (“COPPA”) and supporting regulations.
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 on our website, except as provided by law.
We sometimes offer promotions on our website, such as contests, sweepstakes and games, as well as interactive activities to allow users to share experiences or express opinions.
We may permit a child to enter promotions directed to children or to submit interactive content by submitting a first name and email address only, along with the name and email address of the child’s parent.
We then notify the parent about the child’s entry and offer the parent an opportunity to withdraw the entry and remove the submitted information from our database.
If the parent permits the child’s participation in the promotion and the child wins, we contact the parent (not the child) for further information needed for any prize delivery.
Unless the parent has explicitly consented, we do not use the child’s personally identifiable information for any purpose other than to complete the promotion, nor do we share the information with third parties except as described above.
We do not retain the child’s or the parent’s personally identifiable information in our database unless the parent has given us permission to do so.
We permit children under the age of 13 to contact us through the website “Contact Us” link with questions or comments.
We request only the child’s first name and email address and use that information solely to respond directly to the child on a one-time basis.
We do not use the information to contact the child again and we delete the child’s personal information from our database after responding to the one-time inquiry.
Upon proper identification, a parent may review any personal information we have collected from or about the child to the extent such information has been retained in our database.
The parent also may request that the child’s information be deleted from our database and may refuse to permit further collection or use of that information.
If you are a parent and wish to exercise these rights, please contact us as described below.

How does Tree Top protect personally identifiable information?

The security of personally identifiable information is important to us.
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect against unauthorized use, disclosure or access of the personally identifiable information we collect on this website.
We reserve the right to change or replace this policy at our sole discretion at any time.
Please check back from time to time to ensure that you are aware of any updates or changes in this policy.
By using this website you consent to the terms of this policy, you signify your assent to all of the terms of this policy and our General Terms and Conditions.
If you do not agree with any terms of this policy or our General Terms and Conditions, please do not use this site or submit any personally identifiable information.

HOW TO CONTACT US

Tree Top, Inc. Corporate Communications PO Box 248 Selah, WA 98942-0248 509-697-7251 www.treetop.com
