
         Skip to main content <iframe src='https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-WQ4FMC' height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe&gt.

Take Action and Stay Informed About COVID-19.
 Go to TRICARE home Search Find My Login Site-wide Search Enter a search term Menu Main Navigation 
 Plans &amp.
Eligibility 
 Find a TRICARE Plan 
 Eligibility 
 New to TRICARE 
 Health Plans 
 Compare Plans 
 Enroll or Purchase a Plan 
 Using Other Health Insurance 
 Dental Plans 
 Special Programs 


 Find a Doctor 
 Provider Types 
 All Provider Directories 
 Find a Military Hospital or Clinic 
 Find/Change My Primary Care Manager 
 Book Appointments 
 Getting Care When on Active Duty 
 Getting Care When Traveling 


 Military Hospitals &amp.
Clinics 
 What's Covered 
 Health Care 
 Dental Care 
 Mental Health Care 
 Pharmacy 
 Special Needs 
 Vision Care 
 Benefit Updates 
 How a Benefit Becomes Covered 


 Costs 
 Health Plan Costs 
 Copayments &amp.
Cost-Shares 
 Cost Terms 
 Dental Costs 
 Pay My Bill 


 Life Events 
 Qualifying Life Events 
 Retiring 
 Separating from Active Duty 
 Giving Birth or Adopting 
 Getting Married 
 Moving 
 Getting Divorced 
 Becoming Medicare-Eligible 
 Going to College 
 Children Becoming Adults 
 Losing or Gaining Other Health Insurance 
 Death in the Family 
 Moving When Deploying 
 Injured on Active Duty 
 Activating 
 Deactivating 


 Forms &amp.
Claims 
 Filing Claims 
 Download a Form 


 Contact Us 
 Call Us 
 Find My Login 
 Find a Claims Address 
 Ask a Benefit Question 
 File a Complaint 
 Report Fraud and Abuse 


 Health and Wellness 
 Healthy Living 
 Alcohol Awareness 
 Tobacco Cessation 
 Preventive Services 


 FAQs 
 Publications 
 Resources 
 Disaster Information 
 Go Paperless 
 My Military Health Records 
 Multimedia Center 
 Recoupment of Overpayments 
 Rights and Responsibilities 


 About Us 
 News Center 
 Changes 
 Regions 
 Partners 
 Facts and Figures 
 TRICARE and the Affordable Care Act 
 TRICAREÂ® Trademark and Branding Program 


 For Providers 
 For Staff 
 For Members of the Media 
 For Vendors 
 Find My Login 
 Home 
Privacy
 Need Larger Text? Privacy 1.
TRICARE.mil is provided as a public service by the Military Health System.
2.
Information presented on this service, not identified as protected by copyright, is considered public
information and may be distributed or copied.
Use of appropriate byline, photo, and image credits is
requested.
3.
For site management, information is collected for statistical purposes.
This U.S.
Government computer system uses software programs to create summary statistics, which are
used for such purposes as assessing what information is of most and least interest, determining technical
design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas.
Below is an example of the information collected based on a standard request for a World Wide Web document:

xxx.yyy.com - [28/Jan/1997:00:00:01 -0500] "GET /sitename/news/nr012797.html HTTP/1.0" 200 16704 Mozilla 3.0/www.altavista.digital.com 
xxx.yyy.com (or 123.123.23.12) - this is the host name (or IP address) associated with the requester (you as the visitor).
In this case, (....com) the requester is coming from a commercial address.&nbsp.

Depending on the requestor's method of network connection, the host name (or IP address) may or may not identify a specific computer.
Connections via many Internet Service Providers assign different IP addresses for each session, so the host name identifies only the ISP.
The host name (or IP address) will identify a specific computer if that computer has a fixed IP address.

[28/Jan/1997:00:00:01 -0500] - this is the date and time of the request.

"GET /sitename/news/nr012797.html HTTP/1.0" -- this is the location of the requested file.

200 -- this is the status code - 200 is OK - the request was filled.

16704 -- this is the size of the requested file in bytes.

Mozilla 3.0 -- this identifies the type of browser software used to access the page, which indicates what design parameters to use in constructing the pages.

www.altavista.digital.com -- this indicates the last site the person visited, which indicates how people find this site.
Requests for other types of documents use similar information.
No other user-identifying information is collected.


4.
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, software
programs are employed to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change
information, or otherwise cause damage.
5.
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations and national security purposes, no other
attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits beyond DoD websites.
Raw data logs
are used for no other purposes and are scheduled for regular destruction in accordance with National
Archives and Records Administration approved records schedule.
6.
Web measurement and customization technologies (WMCT) may be used on this site to remember
your online interactions, to conduct measurement and analysis of usage, or to customize your experience.
The Department of Defense does not use the information associated with WMCT to track individual user
activity on the Internet outside of Defense Department websites, nor does it share the data obtained
through such technologies, without your explicit consent, with other departments or agencies, unless
directed to do so in statute, regulation, or Executive order.
The Department of Defense does not keep a
database of information obtained from the use of WMCT.
General instructions for how you may opt out
of some of the most commonly used WMCT is available at https://www.usa.gov/optout-instructions.
7.
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this site are strictly prohibited
and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1987 and the National Information
Infrastructure Protection Act (Section 1030 of Title 18, United States Code).
8.
If you have any questions or comments about the information presented here, please forward them via Site Feedback.
 Last Updated 10/2/2020  Find a TRICARE Plan Find a Doctor Find a Phone Number Related Websites  Notice of Privacy Practices  Privacy Submenu for Privacy 
 HIPAA and Privacy 
 Cybersecurity Awareness 
 Protecting Personal Information 
 Disabling Cookies on Your Web Browser 
 Don't forget to keep your family's information up-to-date in DEERS.
Footer Navigation 
 Contact Us 
 Call Us 
 Find My Login 
 Find a Claims Address 
 Ask a Benefit Question 
 File a Complaint 
 Report Fraud and Abuse 


 Health and Wellness 
 Healthy Living 
 Alcohol Awareness 
 Tobacco Cessation 
 Preventive Services 


 FAQs 


 Publications 


 Resources 
 Disaster Information 
 Go Paperless 
 My Military Health Records 
 Multimedia Center 
 Recoupment of Overpayments 
 Rights and Responsibilities 


 About Us 
 News Center 
 Changes 
 Regions 
 Partners 
 Facts and Figures 
 TRICARE and the Affordable Care Act 
 TRICAREÂ® Trademark and Branding Program 




 For Providers 


 For Staff 


 For Members of the Media 


 For Vendors 


 Email Updates Sign up to receive TRICARE updates and news releases via email. Subscribe to receive email updates from TRICARE Please enter a valid email address.
Links to social media 
 Goes to Facebook 
 Goes to Twitter 
 Goes to YouTube 
 Goes to LinkedIn 
 Goes to Defense.gov Goes to Health.mil www.tricare.mil is an official website of the Defense Health Agency (DHA), a component of the Military Health System 
TRICARE is a registered trademark of the Department of Defense (DoD), DHA.
All rights reserved.

The appearance of hyperlinks does not constitute endorsement by the DHA of non-U.S.
Government sites or the information, products, or services contained therein.
Although the DHA may or may not use these sites as additional distribution channels for Department of Defense information, it does not exercise editorial control over all of the information that you may find at these locations.
Such hyperlinks are provided consistent with the stated purpose of this website.
Some documents are presented in Portable Document Format (PDF).
A PDF reader is required for viewing.
Download a PDF Reader or learn more about PDFs. Need to Submit a Claim?
Send it to the correct claims address.
Need Technical Help?
Find the right contact info for the help you need.
DHA Address

7700 Arlington Boulevard
Suite 5101
Falls Church, VA 22042-5101
 Footer Navigation 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Program
Information Quality
Open Government
Plain Writing
Accessibility/Section 508
Fraud &amp.
Abuse
FOIA
No FEAR Act
USA.gov

