
         Ask us about ✔ room reservations Contact Sales × 
Home
Features
Pricing
Customers
Resources
 Free Trial Sign In Fine Print 
Privacy
Terms
Public Calendars
Billing &amp.
Accts FAQ
 Billing and Accounts FAQ Please review the FAQ below to find answers to common billing questions.

Note: If your question is about how to use a Trumba® Connect feature, please visit Help or our Product Support Forums.
You can view existing forum messages at any time.
To post your own message, complete a simple registration process to become a forum member.
Forum sign-in is separate from your Trumba Connect sign-in.
We recommend that you not use your email address as your forum sign-in name because it appears publicly when you post a message.
If your question isn’t answered by the FAQ, please contact customer service by sending an email message.
Include your name, phone number, problem description, and the email address associated with your Trumba account.
Please do not include credit card information in your email messages. Questions and Answers Question Answer How can I pay? 
If you have a 30-day free trial account, sign in and click Buy Now toward the top of the page.
I would like to sign up for a 30-day free trial

We accept payment online by Visa, MasterCard, and American Express.
If you are a new Trumba Connect subscriber and prefer to be invoiced quarterly, please contact Sales.
 How do I cancel my Trumba account? While you are signed in to your account, click Account Settings in the upper-right area of the calendar pages.
In the Account Settings form, under Subscription Information, for Subscription Type, click Cancel my account.
Do you offer refunds? If you use a credit card to purchase Trumba Connect subscriptions and close your account within 30 days of purchase, we automatically credit the full amount to your card.
I’d like to switch my Trumba subscription to another credit card.
You can change your credit card information (and other account information) at any time when you are signed in to your account.
Click Account Settings in the upper-right area of the calendar pages.
How can I switch the email address associated with my account? You can change your email address (and other account information) at any time when you are signed in to your account.
Click Account Settings in the upper-right area of the calendar pages.
How can I change my account password? You can change your password (and other account information) at any time when you are signed in to your account.
Click Account Settings in the upper-right area of the calendar pages.
Can I get a multiple-subscription license? If you're interested in purchasing multiple subscriptions, please contact Sales.
Can I get a Service Level Agreement (SLA)? Please contact Sales and we will work with you to develop an SLA.
Do you offer long-term commitment discounts? We offer price protection for group purchases, as well as the convenience of pre-payment.
Contact Sales for more information.
Do you charge for page views? A page view is any view of event information, including calendars, event details, and promotion spuds.
Trumba account subscription includes unlimited page views at no additional charge.
Is there someone I can contact for billing assistance? You can contact us by email or call 1-206-696-7203 to leave a message for a support representative.
Billing support is available from 9:00am to 5:00pm, Monday to Friday, Pacific Time.
Start creating and publishing your events today.
30-day free trial.
No credit card required.
Get Started Now Connect with us.
1-800-925-0388 (M-F 9AM-5PM PT) Features 
Features Overview
Online Calendar Publishing
Event Registration
Mobile Calendars
Custom Objects
Event Actions
Calendar Experts
What's New
 Pricing 
Overview
30-day Free Trial
Contact Sales
Purchase
 Resources 
Spud Gallery
Trumba Help Center
Contact Support
Accessibility
Trumba FAQ
Resource Library
White Papers
Press Releases
 Our Company 
Background
Management Team
Board of Directors
Contact Us
 Fine Print 
Privacy
Terms
Public Calendars
Billing &amp.
Accts FAQ
 What's New Please update your browser to view the iframe content.
Join Us! ©2004-2023 Trumba Corporation.
All rights reserved.
Trumba is a registered trademark of Trumba Corporation.

      