
Our head office is located at: Unit 117, Orion Mall, Palm Street, P.O.
Box 828, Victoria, Mahe, Seychelles
Trust.Zone is solely responsible for software development, upgrades, changes or enhancements of Trust.Zone VPN Software, Trust.Zone website and customer service only.
Trust.Zone authorizes the Distributors to receive payments from customers of the software, website and any type of services provided by Trust.Zone for using the software. Terms of Use By using Trust.Zone, you are agreeing to these Terms and Conditions of Use.
Firstly, we'd just like to offer a friendly reminder that you are responsible for complying with any applicable laws and regulations relevant to your location.
Also, all of Trust.Zone content and tools are protected by copyright. &nbsp.
Responsibilities of Customer You're agree to:
 - Protect your user VPN and Trust.Zone login/password and our system from unauthorized use and not to publish or share your account with third parties.
You are responsible for all actions that occur on our servers where the login uses your user login/password.

 - Don't transfer Trust.Zone account, Trust.Zone VPN Client with your credentials or any downloaded Trust.Zone software to someone else.
You can use Trust.Zone VPN only on your own devices.
You may not rent or share your Trust.Zone account, Trust.Zone VPN Client with your credentials or any other downloaded Trust.Zone software among other internet users.

 - Ensure that your connections to the Trust.Zone network are limited to no more than three (3) simultaneous connections.

 - Not to sell, trade or transfer your credentials to any other person without the Trust.Zone specific permission to do so.

 - Not to use the system for sending spam, port scanning, scanning for open proxies or open relays, sending opt-in email, unsolicited email or any type or version of email sent in large quantities even if the email is ultimately sent off of another server.

 - Not to attack in any way shape or form any other computer or network while using our Service.


You shall take every reasonable precaution that no person is able to make unauthorized use of or gain unauthorized access to the Service provided to the Customer pursuant to this Agreement.

If the account is determined by Trust.Zone to have been shared or transferred between internet users, Trust.Zone has the right to suspend or terminate the user's account. &nbsp.
Services and Warranties Actual service coverage, speeds, locations and quality may vary.
The service will attempt to be available at all times except for limited periods for maintenance and repair.
However the Service may be subject to unavailability for a variety of factors beyond our control including emergencies, third party service failures, transmission, equipment or network problems or limitations, interference, signal strength, and may be interrupted, refused, limited or curtailed.
We are not responsible for data, messages or pages lost, not delivered, delayed or misdirected because of interruptions or performance issues with the Service or communications services or networks (e.g., T-1 lines or the Internet).
We may impose usage or service limits, suspend Service, or block certain kinds of usage in our sole discretion to protect users or the service.
Network speed is an estimate and is no indication of the speed at which your or the Service sends or receives data.
Actual network speed will vary based on configuration, compression, network congestion and other factors.
The accuracy and timeliness of data received is not guaranteed.
delays or omissions may occur.

Trust.Zone gives no warranty or guarantee in relation to the performance, features, compatibility, content or otherwise of any connected Internet service or host/computer connected to the Service.
Trust.Zone disclaims all warranties, including all implied warranties of merchantability and suitability for a particular purpose.
The Disclaimer made by Trust.Zone of all responsibilities or warranties, more fully set forth above, is herein incorporated by reference.
Customer acknowledges and agrees to be bound by the Disclaimer above in addition to the warranties disclaimed under this section. &nbsp.
Indemnity The Customer agrees to indemnify Trust.Zone and hold Trust.Zone harmless from and against any loss, cost, expense, or liability arising from any claims, demands, or proceedings by any person against Trust.Zone whatsoever arising out of: the use or attempted use of the Service by the Customer or by any person authorized by the Customer or from the use of any facility or equipment connected to the Service by the Customer or any person authorized by the Customer.
or any hardware or software contamination resulting from use by the Customer or by any person authorized by the Customer; &nbsp.
Termination Hacking, cracking, distribution of viruses, fraudulent activities, network sabotage, phishing, and/or any conduct deemed illegal or unwanted shall be subject to suspension or termination.
Users are responsible for the proper secure configuration of their services and are responsible for any damages caused by their neglect or exposure of vulnerabilities whether intentional or unintentional.

Trust.Zone may suspend or restrict provision of the Service to the Customer at any time if: payment of an account for the Service provided to the Customer is overdue.
the Customer becomes bankrupt or insolvent or enters into a scheme of arrangement or composition with the Customer's creditors or, being a company, is placed in receivership or under official management or has a provisional liquidator appointed.
the Customer breaches any material term or condition of this agreement.
of it appears that the Customer is engaging in activity that may cause damage to the Trust.Zone's system, or any other system in the network.
or the Customer is engaging in mass emailing or flooding of newsgroups.
or if the Customer is using the service as a means to commit unlawful activity.

Trust.Zone, in its sole discretion, may suspend or restrict provision of the Service to the Customer at any time in the event of an emergency or whenever Trust.Zone considers it necessary or reasonable, based on the sole discretion of Trust.Zone, in order to safeguard provision of the Service. &nbsp.
Paid Subscription After Customer confirms his email address, FREE TEST subscription is adding to Customer's account.
FREE TEST subscription was made in order to give ability to Customer to test Service for free and make final decision about to purchase paid subscription or not.

By buying paid subscription you agree that you tried free of charge FREE TEST subscription and you are fully satisfied with Service.
Just after we receive confirmation of payment for a paid subscription, paid subscription activates and FREE TEST subscription terminates even if 1GB of transferred or received data not being fully used by Customer and less than 3 day(s) left after FREE TEST subscription was added to Customer's account. &nbsp.
Refund policy If you are not completely satisfied with our VPN services, and you notify us in writing via email within the first 10 days of your contract that you wish to cancel, you will be given a 100% refund of the contract amount in case the bandwidth usage is not more than 1GB.

Requests made later than the 10 days purchase date window will be denied.
Before claiming a refund, Trust.Zone recommends reading our FAQ section to resolve issues you may encounter.
You can also request for a help from Trust.Zone support team via contact form.
If a refund is due, you will be notified by e-mail.
it can take up to 20 days after cancellation of your contract to receive your refund depending on payment form used.
If you have not received your refund after 20 days, please inform us using the contact form.
Our Free plan is completely free of any charges and it is not renewed automatically.
In exceptional cases if your paid subscription plan's quota is exceeded more than 1GB, you are able to ask for a partial refund.
Fill in a form for a partial refund here.
Any refund for transactions using Bitcoin will be processed on the Bitcoin exchange rate to US Dollars at the time of the money refund, and not at the time of the original payment or refund request. &nbsp.
Distribution Trust.Zone authorizes the Distributor to receive payments and payouts from any third party companies like payment services, e-Commerce platforms and websites, payment gateways, financial organizations if payments and payouts do not contradict the terms of use and the law.
Trust.Zone authorizes the Tersys Group OÜ (Distributor) with an address located at J.Poska, tn.11, Tallinn, Estonia to receive payments from customers of the software, websites and other services provided by Trust.Zone. &nbsp.
Miscellaneous The Site is continuously changing.
Trust.Zone can modify it and/or the current General Conditions, in whole or in part.
These changes will be implemented without prior notice.
You are invited every time you visit the Site to verify the latest version of the General Conditions available permanently at the following address: https://trust.zone/terms &nbsp.
Contacts If you have any questions or require any information about the Charged Service and the status of registration, please use our Contact page (recommended, has priority) or email us to the following address: contact@trust.zone.
We undertake to answer your questions or requests for information as soon as possible.
