
         Tunefind Privacy Notice 
Last Updated, September 15, 2020.

Tunefind knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly.
By visiting Tunefind you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice. What Personal Information About Users Does Tunefind Gather? The information we learn from users helps us personalize and continually improve your experience at Tunefind.
Here are the types of information we gather.

Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on the Tunefind website or give us in any other way.
Any information you enter in the Q&A forums is publicly accessible on Tunefind’s website, so be mindful of what you enter there.
You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features.
Automatic Information: We automatically receive and store certain types of information whenever you use Tunefind.
For example, like many websites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser or device accesses Tunefind.
Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you from other sources, such as your name and email address when you sign in to Tunefind using a third-party login service.
 For What Purposes Does Tunefind Use Your Personal Information? We use your personal information to operate, provide, develop, and improve the products and services that we offer Tunefind users and customers.
These purposes include:

Provide, troubleshoot, and improve Tunefind services.
We use your personal information to provide Tunefind services, enhance functionality, analyze performance, fix errors, and improve the usability and effectiveness of Tunefind.
Recommendations and personalization.
We use your personal information to recommend content that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with Tunefind.
For example, we use this information to track your Tunefind song voting history, so we can correctly display Tunefind content to you.
Communicate with you.
We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to Tunefind services and features (e.g., e-mail or on-site forums).
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please use your User Settings page to adjust your preferences.
Opting out of emails may prevent you from using some of Tunefind’s features and functionality.
Advertising.
Third-party advertisers may use your personal information to display interest-based ads for features, products, and services that might be of interest to you.
Tunefind does not use information that personally identifies you to display interest-based ads.
Since users do not pay to access Tunefind, interest-based advertising via third-party advertisers provides revenue critical to enable the provision of Tunefind services.
You may customize your ad choices via Ad settings (click the icon next to the ad) or consumer opt out services, like the one provided by NAI.
Fraud Prevention.
We use personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse of Tunefind’s services.
Comply with legal obligations.
In certain cases, we collect and use your personal information to comply with laws.
 What About Cookies and Other Identifiers? We use cookies, pixels, and other similar technologies (collectively “cookies”) to recognize your browser or device, learn more about your interests, and provide you with essential features and services and for additional purposes, including:

Recognizing you when you sign-in to our services.
This allows us to provide you with content recommendations, display personalized content, and provide other customized features and services.
Keeping track of your preferences, as defined in your user account settings.
Conducting research and diagnostics to improve Tunefind’s content and services.
Preventing fraudulent activity.
Improving security.
Delivering content.
Reporting.
This allows us to measure and analyze the performance of our services.
Additionally, third-party advertising partners may utilize cookies in the delivery of interest-based advertising.

Tunefind’s cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Tunefind’s essential features.
For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to contribute content, receive updates and notifications, or use any Tunefind features that require you to sign in.
Approved third parties may also set cookies when you interact with Tunefind features.
Third parties include providers of measurement and analytics services, social media networks, and advertising companies.
Third-parties use cookies in the process of delivering content, including ads relevant to your interests, to measure the effectiveness of their ads, and to perform services on behalf of Tunefind.
You can manage browser cookies through your browser settings.
The 'Help' feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, how to block cookies, and when cookies will expire.
If you block all cookies on your browser, neither we nor third parties will transfer cookies to your browser.
If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit Tunefind and some features and services may not work. Does Tunefind Share Your Personal Information? Our relationship with our users is a critical part of our business, and do not sell our users’ personal information to others.
The only circumstances under which user personal information could potentially be shared would be the following:

Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy other businesses or services.
In such transactions, user information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the user consents otherwise).
Also, in the event that Tunefind, Inc.
or substantially all of its assets are acquired, user information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Tunefind and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law.
enforce or apply our Terms of Service and other agreements.
or protect the rights, property, or safety of Tunefind, our users, or others.
 What About Advertising? Third-Party Advertising and Links to Other Websites: Tunefind may include third-party advertising and links to other websites and apps.
Third-party advertising partners may collect information about you when you interact with their content, advertising, and services.
This allows them to serve you with more useful and relevant ads and to measure their effectiveness.
We do not provide your name or other information that directly identifies you to these advertisers or third-party websites.
You may customize your ad choices via Ad settings (click the icon next to the ad) or consumer opt out services, like the one provided by NAI. How Secure Is Information About Me? We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind.

We collect only the bare minimum information about you required to provide core Tunefind services and prevent fraud on the Tunefind website.
We work to protect the security of your personal information during transmission by using encryption protocols and software.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computers, devices, and applications.
Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
 What Choices Do I Have? If you have any questions as to how we collect and use your personal information, please contact privacy [at] tunefind [dot] com.

As described above, you can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of Tunefind’s features.
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other communications from us, please log in to your account and adjust your preferences in your user account settings.
If you do not want to see interest-based ads, you may customize your ad choices via Ad settings (click the icon next to the ad) or consumer opt out services, like the one provided by NAI.
The Help feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to prevent your browser or device from accepting new cookies or other identifiers, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to block cookies altogether.
Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some essential Tunefind features, we recommend that you leave them turned on.
 Are Children Allowed to Use Tunefind? Tunefind is not intended for use by children under the age of 13.
If you are under 13, you may not sign up for Tunefind or submit information about yourself to Tunefind. California Consumer Privacy Act Click here to read additional disclosures required under the California Consumer Privacy Act. Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions If you choose to use Tunefind, your use and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Terms of Service, including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the law of the state of California.
If you have any concern about privacy at Tunefind, please contact privacy [at] tunefind [dot] com and we will try to resolve it.
As our business changes, our Privacy Notice may also change.
You should check our website regularly to see recent changes.
Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account.
We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
