
Last update: November 8, 2019
 Terms and conditions By using the Turtl (“Service”), you are agreeing to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Service”).
Lyon Bros LLC (“Company”) reserves the right to update and change these Terms of Service without notice.
Violation of any of the terms below may result in the termination of your account. Account terms 
You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and password.
The Company cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage from your failure to comply with this security obligation.
The Company cannot and will not be liable for loss of access to account.
You are responsible for all content posted and activity that occurs under your account (even when content is posted by others who have access to shared resources on your account).
You may not use the Service for any illegal purpose or to violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).
 API terms The API is a published resource that is not guaranteed or documented in any capacity by the Company.
Use of the public-facing API is at the risk of the user and Company will not be liable for loss of access to any or all parts of the API. Premium subscriptions, payments, and refunds 
The service is offered for free with limited functionality.
All paid (“Premium”) accounts are offered with a 30-day trial period.
Failure to make regular payments on Premium accounts may result in suspension of features associated with Premium accounts.
Refunds will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis by the Company.
The Company makes no guarantee on refunds for Premium accounts.
Premium accounts can be canceled at any time either by using the account management link in the email sent when the Premium account was created or by contacting the Turtl team at info@turtlapp.com.
 Cancellation of service 
Your account can be canceled at any time using the following methods:
In the application, go to “Settings” then “Delete my account” then confirming.
Using the account deletion interface posted on the Turtl website (https://turtlapp.com/users/delete/).
Cancellation of your account immediately makes all data associated with your account inaccessible.
The Company will not be liable for any losses associated with a user-inited account cancellation.
Cancellation of an account associated with Premium service will end all charges associated with that Premium service.
Cancellation of a Premium account before the end of your current paid up will not be prorated for unused time in the last billing cycle.
The Company, in its sole discretion, has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service for any reason at any time.
Such termination of the Service will result in the deactivation or deletion of your Account or your access to your Account, and the forfeiture and relinquishment of all content in your account.
The Company reserves the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.
 Modifications to the Service and Prices 
The Company reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, any part of the Service with or without notice.
Prices of all Services are subject to change upon 30 days notice from us.
Such notice may be provided at any time by posting the changes to the Turtl website or the Service itself.
The Company shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
 Copyright and Content Ownership 
All content posted on the Service must comply with U.S.
copyright law.
We claim no intellectual property rights over the material you provide to the Service.
All materials uploaded remain yours.
The Company does not pre-screen content, but reserves the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to refuse or remove any content that is available via the Service.
 General Conditions 
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk.
The service is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis.
Support is only provided via email, and only for Premium accounts that explicitely specify support as a feature.
You understand that the Company uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to run the Service.
You must not modify another website so as to falsely imply that it is associated with the Service or the Company.
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service without the express written permission by the Company.
We may, but have no obligation to, remove content and accounts that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful or violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms of Service.
We reserve the right to temporarily disable your account if your usage significantly exceeds the average usage of other Service customers.
Of course, we’ll reach out to the account owner before taking any action except in rare cases where the level of use may negatively impact the performance of the Service for other customers.
The Company does not warrant that (i) the Service will meet your specific requirements, (ii) the Service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, (iii) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Service will be accurate or reliable, and (iv) any errors in the Service will be corrected.
You expressly understand and agree that the Company shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if the Company has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from: (i) the use or the inability to use the service.
(ii) the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods, data, information or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through or from the service.
(iii) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data.
(iv) statements or conduct of any third party on the service.
(v) or any other matter relating to the service.
The failure of the Company to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
The Terms of Service constitutes the entire agreement between you and the Company and govern your use of the Service, superceding any prior agreements between you and the Company (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service).
Any new features that augment or enhance the current Service, including the release of new tools and resources, shall be subject to the Terms of Service.
Continued use of the Service after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.
Questions about the Terms of Service should be sent to info@turtlapp.com.

