
        YOU &amp.
USPRICINGFEATURESSECURE EMAILENCRYPTED CALENDARBUSINESSWHITELABELSECURE CONNECTFAQHOW-TOENCRYPTED EMAILBLOGSIGN UPGreat answersâ€¦to all your questions.
Please also check our How-to to learn everything you need to know about Tutanota.
Table of contents
General questionsIs Tutanota for free?
What does the name "Tutanota" stand for?
Is Tutanota open source?
Does Tutanota use renewable energy?
Is Tutanota certified?
Can I use Tutanota for my business?
What is Secure Connect?
Is Tutanota compliant with the GDPR?
Does Tutanota offer a data processing agreement according to the GDPR?

Is a calendar included in Tutanota?
My calendar events differ by some hours between different devices.
How can I fix this?
Can I use Tutanota for team collaboration?
Special offer for non-profit organizations
I can't access my account.
What can I do?
My password was stolen.
What should I do now?
Where can I view my recovery code?
Can we integrate Tutanota into our own product?
Tutanota terms: What is an account? What is a user?
How do I switch the date format from US to the European format (UK)?
Terms and conditions of Tutanota gift cards



Your Tutanota PasswordTutanota secures my private key with my password.
Can you access my password?
What hashing function is used for the password?
How do I choose a strong password?
Does Tutanota support two-factor authentication (2FA)?
When I log out of Tutanota, the browser or app always logs in again.
What can I do to stop this?



Security and PrivacyWhere does the encryption process take place?
What is encrypted and what can you read?
Where are my keys generated and how is my private key secured?
What encryption algorithms does Tutanota use?
How are my emails encrypted with Tutanota?
Where are the Tutanota servers located?
Does Tutanota log IP addresses or can I use my encrypted mailbox anonymously?
Is my address book within Tutanota encrypted?
Can I disable sessions remotely (session handling)?
Do you delete inactive accounts / recycle email addresses?
How can I view headers in my encrypted mailbox?
Why is automatic image loading blocked in Tutanota?
One of my emails is displaying a phishing warning.
What does it mean?
One of my emails has a warning saying mail authentication is missing or failed.
What does it mean?



App, client, instructionsDoes Tutanota offer full-text search?
Where do I find the Settings?
Where can I request a new feature for Tutanota?
How can I change the language in Tutanota?
Where can I get the Tutanota app?
How can I zoom in the Tutanota app?
Push notifications on my Android phone are being delayed.
What can I do?
My Tutanota app on Android was disabled, but I don't see a new version on F-Droid.
What can I do?
Why does the Tutanota app ask me to update WebView?

How can I use Tutanota with multiple users at the same time?
Where can I get the Tutanota desktop client?
Is it possible to merge several Tutanota email addresses in one account?
Is there a dark theme in Tutanota?
How do I use Tutanota?
Why does Tutanota not use PGP?
What browsers does Tutanota support? Via what browsers can external recipients check their encrypted emails?
The development goes on.
What comes next?
What is the maximum size for emails and attachments?
Can I retrieve my Tutanota emails via IMAP to another email client?
As an external recipient, can I re-access my emails later?
Are emails to other Tutanota users always encrypted?
Can Tutanota encrypt emails to other email services (external recipients)?
What are the benefits of adding another user to my account?
Can I add alias email addresses to Tutanota?

Can I use plus addresses for my Tutanota email address?
Can I use a custom email domain with Tutanota?
Does Tutanota use a spam filter?
Does Tutanota support inbox rules for filtering incoming emails?
Are emails in Trash and Spam folder deleted?
Are there email limits to protect Tutanota from being abused by spammers?
Are email addresses stored automatically in contacts when sending an email?
Does Tutanota support export and import of emails, contacts and calendars?
Can I change the signature in a free account?
Is it possible to edit Tutanota emails (HTML editing)?
Can I receive notifications to another email account about incoming emails?



OtherDoes Tutanota publish a Transparency Report?
If I upgrade to Premium, can I downgrade to free again?
My newly created account has been put on hold for 48 hours after registration.
What should I do?
I don't receive confirmation emails from services or newsletters.
What can I do?
I can't register with my Tutanota email address at an online service.
What can I do?
How do I solve the Tutanota Captcha upon registration?
I have received an abusive email (spam, phishing) from one of your domains.
How do I report abuse?
Where can I report a security issue or a vulnerability that I found in Tutanota?
How do I delete my Tutanota account?

General questionsIs Tutanota for free?Yes, Tutanota mail is forever free with 1 GB of free storage for private users.
The actual free storage is much higher as we are compressing your emails.
What does the name "Tutanota" stand for?Tutanota is derived from Latin and contains the words "tuta" and "nota" which means "secure message".ï»¿
Is Tutanota open source?Yes, all Tutanota clients are published as open source under GPLv3.
Check out our GitHub repository.
We welcome you to review the code, to give us feedback or to contribute!ï»¿
Does Tutanota use renewable energy?Yes, Tutanota is a green email service that relies exclusively on renewable energy for all email systems.
Is Tutanota certified?Tutanota was subject to an extensive penetration test by the SySS GmbH in November 2013.ï»¿ During the tests the experts were not able to access the system or to retrieve any confidential data.
Can I use Tutanota for my business?Yes, Tutanota offers secure business email accounts with lots of whitelabel customizations.
You can place the login for your employees directly on your website with a whitelabel domain.
Tutanota also offers Secure Connect, an open source encrypted contact form so clients can get in touch with you confidentially directly on your website.
Learn here how to use Tutanota in your organization or company with your custom email domain.
Here's a list of all whitelabel customizations for business use.
Here's an instruction how to whitelabel Tutanota for your business, how to add the encrypted contact form Secure Connect to your website and more.
What is Secure Connect?Secure Connect is an open source encrypted contact form which enables every visitor of your website to contact you confidentially.
Check here how to book Secure Connect and how to send an encrypted message via Secure Connect.
Is Tutanota compliant with the GDPR?Yes, Tutanota as an encrypted email service is perfectly suited for any business that would like to use a GDPR-compliant email service.
Does Tutanota offer a data processing agreement according to the GDPR?
Yes, right after registration of a business account you will find a data processing agreement directly in Tutanota under Settings -&gt.
Subscription.
Is a calendar included in Tutanota?Yes, an encrypted calendar is integrated into the Tutanota mail client.
My calendar events differ by some hours between different devices.
How can I fix this?Please check that the time zones of your devices are in sync, including daylight saving time.
If you are using Firefox/Tor Browser with resistFingerprinting option in about/config, this automatically resets the browser time zone to UTC, which then leads to sync issues.
Can I use Tutanota for team collaboration?Yes, Tutanota will include a whole set of collaboration options such as working together on task lists and documents in the future.
You can already book this collaboration tool.
Right now it is called 'sharing feature' as you can now share your encrypted calendars with other paid accounts.
This is the first step, more collaboration options will be added at no extra cost as Tutanota progresses.
Special offer for non-profit organizationsfor free
 non-profit
 NGO
 NPO
We donate the business version of Tutanota to non-profit organizations (NPOs).
Please find details on how non-profit organizations can secure their emails for free or with a discount.
I can't access my account.
What can I do?password
 second factor
 lost
 login
 access
 recovery code
 reset
If you can't login to your account, this has been caused by one of the following reasons:


You forgot your password or lost your second factor: Please read How do I reset my password or second factor?.

Your account got suspended due to unpaid invoices: Your account may be suspended if you don't pay your open bills for a long time.
Just contact us in English or German if you want to continue using your account and include the email address of your suspended Tutanota account.

Your account was disabled due to another reason: Some accounts get disabled due to a violation of our Terms of Service.
You can contact us in English or German if you think that we made a mistake.
Please include the email address of your suspended Tutanota account.


Our secure password reset feature enables you to reset your account yourself.
Please write down your recovery code somewhere safe.

My password was stolen.
What should I do now?If you think your password was disclosed to someone else but you can still log into your account, please do the following:

Change your password in 'Settings' -&gt.
'Login' -&gt.
'Password'.
Update your recovery code in 'Settings' -&gt.
'Login' -&gt.
'Recovery code'.

If the attacker had been logged in as well, changing the password automatically logs him out.
We encourage you to always use 2FA with your accounts as it makes it close to impossible for an attacker to log into your account.
If you can not log into your account any more, please check this FAQ.
Where can I view my recovery code?Go to Settings - Login and click on the pen symbol next to 'Recovery Code' to show the code or update it.
To do this, you need to enter your password.
Can we integrate Tutanota into our own product?The Tutanota clients use REST services but there is no public documentation for that API or for a library, yet.
Keep in mind that when user data is stored in or read from Tutanota, it has to be encrypted/decrypted on the client.
You may of course dig into the open source code of Tutanota and integrate with your product, but at this time we can not provide any support for this.
We will add a public API documentation in the future.
Tutanota terms: What is an account? What is a user?user
 account
 disable user
 delete user
When you sign up for Tutanota, you create an email account.
This account initially has one user which is also an administrator.
Free accounts only have one user.
If you upgrade to a paid subscription, you can add users to your account.
You manage the users (deactivate a user, change password) within your Tutanota account with your administrator user.
You may also allow multiple users to be administrators.


In the diagram the '1' at the arrows means there is one item assigned.
A user has one mailbox and one address book.
The '*' means multiple items may be assigned, e.g.
an account has one or more users, a user may have multiple calendars and a mailbox may have multiple email aliases (paid feature).
By the way, a mailbox also has a main email address.
How do I switch the date format from US to the European format (UK)?The date format for your mailbox as well as your calendar is picked either from your language settings in Tutanota or from your system/browser settings.
If you pick 'English' under 'Settings' -&gt.
'Appearance', the American date format is displayed.
If you pick 'Automatic' under languages, the date format of your browser/system is displayed.
If you pick any other language, e.g.
German, the date format of this language, e.g.
German, is displayed.
Terms and conditions of Tutanota gift cardsThese Terms and Conditions for Tutanota gift cards are valid as of December 14, 2020.
These Terms and Conditions for Tutanota gift cards are provided in English for your convenience.
Please note that in case of a dispute or discrepancy between the German Terms and Conditions and the English translation, the German version shall prevail.


The gift card is valid to be redeemed in the country specified by the purchaser.


The gift card can be redeemed by anyone who has access to the gift card link.
It may be applied to any private account (free or paid), but not business accounts.


The gift card is valid for three years, starting from the end of the year in which it was purchased.


A customer may purchase a maximum of 10 gift cards within a six-month period.


When redeemed on an existing or newly signed up Free account, the account will automatically be upgraded to a yearly Premium subscription, at the standard price of â‚¬12 (deducted from the gift card amount), the remaining balance will be applied as credit to the account.


When redeemed on an existing paid account, the full value of the gift card will be applied as credit to the account.


Account balance can be used to book further features up to the available amount.
Further purchases will require a payment method to be added or another gift card to be applied.


Gift cards can only be purchased by customers who have provided credit card details or PayPal as a payment method.


Gift cards are non-refundable.


Account credit obtained via gift card can be neither refunded nor paid out.


We reserve the right to deactivate gift cards in the case that the purchasing account of said gift cards is found to have abused our service.


Your Tutanota PasswordTutanota secures my private key with my password.
Can you access my password?recovery
 reset
 password
No.
When a password is used for authentication (login), it is not necessary that it is known to the server you want to authenticate with.
The server only needs a fingerprint (hash) of your password.
With Tutanota your hash for authentication is calculated by your browser and only the hash is being sent.
Your password never travels the Internet in plain text and it is never seen by our server.
As hashes are non-invertible, the server is unable to reconstruct your password from the hash.
The server is not able to decrypt your message, but still able to log you in.
Recommended for further reading: Learn how Tutanota automates the encryption process while leaving you in full control of your encrypted data.
What hashing function is used for the password?Your password is salted and hashed with Bcrypt on your device before being transmitted to Tutanota.
Bcrypt is the most reliable method because brute-force attacks need much more time in comparison to conventional methods such as MD5 or SHA.ï»¿ With this method we guarantee an integrated confidentiality and we allow you to access and decrypt your emails from desktops and mobile devices instantly.
How do I choose a strong password?Tutanota uses a password strength indicator that takes several aspects of a password into consideration to make sure your chosen password is a perfect match for your secure email account.
You can find additional tips on how to choose a strong password here.
Tutanota has no limitations in regard to the password length or used characters.
all unicode characters are respected.
Does Tutanota support two-factor authentication (2FA)?Yes, Tutanota supports two-factor authentication with U2F and TOTP.
Here are details on how to set up your second factor in Tutanota.
When I log out of Tutanota, the browser or app always logs in again.
What can I do to stop this?If you click on 'Logout', you log out.
Please note: If you have previously saved the password, you are now logged out, but the password is still saved for automatic login.
To 'unsave' the password, please log out.
The login screen appears, click on 'More' and 'Delete credentials'.
Security and PrivacyWhere does the encryption process take place?Encryption and decryption of data always happens locally on your device upon login.
All data is end-to-end encrypted and only you can access the data with your password.ï»¿
What is encrypted and what can you read?encryption
Tutanota encrypts all data stored in your mailbox (contacts, emails, email signature, inbox rules, invoice data, payment method, certificate and private keys of your own domains).
When sending an email, Tutanota encrypts subject, content and attachments automatically.


You can find a detailed explanation about what is encrypted in Tutanota on our encrypted email page.

We can read only the following metadata: 

sender email address
recipient email address
date of the email

We are looking into possibilities to hide the metadata in the future as well.ï»¿
Where are my keys generated and how is my private key secured?Your private and your public keys are generated locally within your browser upon registration.
Your private key is encrypted with your password.
This way your login password receives the status of the private key.
The key is encrypted so strong that only you can use the key for encrypting and decrypting data.
This is why a strong password is essential.
An automatic password check on the client makes sure that you use a strong password.
Your password is never transmitted to the server in plain text.
It is salted and then hashed with bcrypt locally on your device so that neither the server nor we have access to your password.
With this innovative design you can access your encrypted inbox from any device (desktop, mobile) easily.ï»¿
What encryption algorithms does Tutanota use?For the email encryption between users, Tutanota uses a standardized, hybrid method consisting of a symmetrical and an asymmetrical algorithm.
Tutanota uses AES with a length of 128 bit and RSA with 2048 bit.
Emails to external recipients are encrypted symmetrically with AES 128 bit.ï»¿
How are my emails encrypted with Tutanota?The system automatically encrypts all emails stored in Tutanota.
Emails between Tutanota users are automatically encrypted end-to-end, emails to external users can be secured with the help of a password.
Here we explain the differences between a confidential (end-to-end encrypted) and a non-confidential email.
Independent of the end-to-end encryption, the transport between client and Tutanota servers is secured with TLS to maximize security.
Where are the Tutanota servers located?The Tutanota servers are located in secure and ISO27001 certified data centers in Germany.
All saved data are subject to the strict German privacy protection laws.
Independent of that all data is end-to-end encrypted and cannot be read by the Tutao GmbH as the provider or by any third party.ï»¿
Does Tutanota log IP addresses or can I use my encrypted mailbox anonymously?By default, we do not log IP addresses when you log in or when you send an email.
The IP addresses of sent and received emails are stripped so that your location remains unknown.

We only log IP addresses of individual accounts in case of serious criminal acts such as murder, child pornography, robbery, bomb threats and blackmail after being served a valid court order by a German judge.
You can find details on this as well as on German data protection rights on our blog.
Learn on our blog how Tutanota fights illegal mass surveillance by providing an anonymous email service.
Upon registration you do not need to provide any personal data (e.g.
no phone number required).
We will also make it possible to pay for Tutanota with Bitcoin.
Is my address book within Tutanota encrypted?Yes, all data within Tutanota is end-to-end encrypted and only accessible with your password.
Scanning and profiling of your data is not possible.ï»¿
Can I disable sessions remotely (session handling)?ip address
 log
 logging
 security
Yes.
You can view and remotely close active sessions under Settings -&gt.
Login.
Check our How-to to learn how to enable storing of closed sessions to monitor whether someone else has access to your account.
To guarantee the users' privacy, we have implemented the feature as follows:

The IP address is stored encrypted, and only the user can decrypt this information.
No one else - not even we at Tutanota - can access this information.
IP addresses are only stored for one week and then automatically deleted.

Do you delete inactive accounts / recycle email addresses?Your deleted email address (also if it is an alias) will not be recycled for security reasons.
There must be no possibility that someone else is able to register your previously used email address, and then, by accident, receive a confidential email that was meant for you.
Free of charge accounts are deleted after an inactive period of six months.
A regular login is necessary to prevent automatic deletion.
We delete such accounts for security reasons and also to allow us offering free of charge Tutanota accounts at all.
However, the email addresses of such deleted accounts may be taken over into another paid account and re-used as email alias or additional user address if you still have the valid login credentials.
To do so, please try to login to your lost account.
Then click on 'Help'.
There you need to enter the target address (and - if you enabled two-factor-authentication - the recovery code of the lost address).
You can create the target address (any paid Tutanota account) in a separate browser simultaneously.
Then you can add the lost address as an alias (or user) to the target email account.
We call it merging of addresses.
How can I view headers in my encrypted mailbox?You can show headers of received emails by pressing the shortcut H.
Tutanota strips headers from emails sent to protect your privacy.
To show all shortcuts in Tutanota, please press F1 (Fn &amp.
F1).
Why is automatic image loading blocked in Tutanota?Tutanota does not load pictures automatically when you open an email.
When you load external images manually, please note that

someone knows that you read the email.
someone may add cookies to your browser (if your browser is not configured to reject them).
someone may track your location with your IP address.
someone may track parameters of your device.

Here we explain how to display external images.
Please read here how we make sure that you can use Tutanota as an anonymous email service.
We plan to improve image loading in the future so that you can whitelist trusted senders.
images in emails from these senders are then loaded by default.
One of my emails is displaying a phishing warning.
What does it mean?Phishing is a name or type of online scam in which criminals try to look like a legitimate sender in order to get your data such as credentials or credit card data.
Phishers use very sophisticated psychological techniques and develop very realistic copies of real websites and emails.
If you see a phishing banner, it means that some parts of this email match our phishing signatures after other users reported similar emails as phishing.
Please be extremely careful with such messages.
Usually phishing emails contain a special link to the website which looks real but it actually is not.
If you think that the email is legitimate and you opened the link, please make sure to check the full website URL: Check that you see all of it, sometimes only one part or one character may be swapped.
Here is more information on how to prevent email phishing attacks.
You can mark an email as not phishing so you will not see the warning message any more for this email.
We never send you emails with links where you need to type in your password.
We encourage you to always protect your login credentials with 2FA as this makes it close to impossible for an attacker to log into your account.
If you already fell for a phishing attack, please check this FAQ.
One of my emails has a warning saying mail authentication is missing or failed.
What does it mean?We require all messages to be authenticated.
Without authentication, the email could be coming from anyone or could be modified so you should always treat such emails with scrutiny.
If you see a message where the authentication has failed (red warning banner), you should be especially careful as it means that this email was likely faked.
App, client, instructionsDoes Tutanota offer full-text search?Yes, Tutanota comes with full-text search of your encrypted mailbox.
In the free version, search is limited to four weeks into the past due to heavy server load caused by the encrypted search feature.
Learn here how you can improve your search results.
The spam folder is excluded from search.
Search is executed locally via an encrypted search index to guarantee security and privacy of your data as well as your search queries.
As the search index needs to be stored in your browser, it does not work in private mode/incognito mode.
Read here how our innovative full-text search on encrypted data works.
Where do I find the Settings?Settings
The Settings are in the navigation menu to the left.
Where can I request a new feature for Tutanota?You can request and discuss new features with us and other users in our Reddit community.
You can check whether someone has already requested this feature and whether we have already added it to our Roadmap.
How can I change the language in Tutanota?The language in Tutanota is taken automatically from your browser or system settings.
Please change the language there.
Alternatively, you can go to 'Settings' -&gt.
'Appearance' to switch the displayed language for Tutanota.
We also invite you to join our translation project to improve Tutanota in your native language!
Where can I get the Tutanota app?You can download the Tutanota app from the following stores:

iOS app store
Google Play store
F-Droid

In addition to that, you can also directly download and install the APK for Android.
Keep in mind that you will not get updates automatically if you ï»¿install the app manually instead of using an app store.
You can add our blog to your RSS-reader with this link to get notified about updates: RSS-Feed
How can I zoom in the Tutanota app?In the apps, you can zoom with a double tap.
We plan to improve this behavior further.
Push notifications on my Android phone are being delayed.
What can I do?Please check the app settings on your phone.
As we do not use Google's push notifications service, battery optimization must be disabled for Tutanota to receive push notifications instantly.
This is necessary to offer you an open source email service free from any links to Google.
My Tutanota app on Android was disabled, but I don't see a new version on F-Droid.
What can I do?You need to update your F-Droid repository to see the newest version of the Tutanota Android app.
Why does the Tutanota app ask me to update WebView?
WebView is a system app on Android devices which allows us to display web content inside the Tutanota app.
Newer versions let us use newer technologies to make the app smaller, faster, more beautiful and more reliable.
If you experiencing issues or bugs with the Android app, updating WebView has a good chance to help.
Here are instructions how to update WebView on your phone.
How can I use Tutanota with multiple users at the same time?In the mobile app, you can currently only login with one user.
To switch to another user, you must log out and log in again.
You can login with multiple users in the browser by opening several tabs or windows.
In the desktop clients, you can also open several windows to login with multiple users.
Where can I get the Tutanota desktop client?You can download the Tutanota desktop clients (Windows, Linux, Mac OS) on our homepage.
Please find lots of details on how to get started with the desktop clients in our How-to (install, uninstall, default mailto app, run in background).
Is it possible to merge several Tutanota email addresses in one account?address
 multiple
 several
 merge
Yes, you can add existing email addresses (e.g.
Alice2, Alice3) as aliases to a paid account (Alice1).
Before you can add the aliases, you need to delete the other accounts (Alice2, Alice3) and specify the paid account (Alice1) as the take over account upon deletion.
We explain here how to take over the email addresses.
Please note: You are only transferring the email addresses.
Emails and contacts stored in the deleted accounts (Alice2, Alice3) are being deleted.
Please export important emails before deleting the accounts.
Is there a dark theme in Tutanota?Yes.
Before logging in, click on 'More' and 'Switch color theme' to switch to the dark theme.
This works in all Tutanota clients (web, desktop, apps).
Alternatively, you can go to 'Settings' -&gt.
'Appearance' to switch to the dark theme.
To add a custom theme, you need to book whitelabel.
How do I use Tutanota?How to
 How-to
 settings
 instructions
 help
 support
Tutanota is very easy to use.
From the start we focused on usability and kept the encryption process in the background.
You do not have to install anything or worry about key handling.
Tutanota is as easy to use as Gmail or any other webmail service.ï»¿
You can start with Tutanota right away.
If any questions remain, check our detailed how-to.
This describes all Settings of Tutanota.
It also answers common usability questions such as:
How to send an encrypted email?How to switch to not confidential?How are contacts sorted?How to add / rename / delete a folder?How to use multi-select and shortcuts?How to upgrade to Premium?How to set up an alias?How to send an email from an alias?How to manage passwords for my Premium users?How to send emails with my own domain?How to add an encrypted contact form to my website?How to delete an account?
Why does Tutanota not use PGP?Current encryption standards like PGP and S/MIME have several issues that we plan to address with Tutanota.
These standards do not support forward secrecy and are not resistant to attacks from quantum computers.

In addition, it is important to us that the subject line in emails is also encrypted.
That's why we have developed a solution that is also based on recognized algorithms (RSA and AES) and that automatically encrypts the subject, the content and the attachments.
In the future, we plan to upgrade these algorithms to quantum-resistant ones that also support forward secrecy.
You can find more information on why Tutanota does not use PGP here.
We also see the importance that Tutanota needs to be interoperable with other encryption solutions.
We will develop an API so that Tutanota users can communicate with users of other secure services confidentially in the future.
What browsers does Tutanota support? Via what browsers can external recipients check their encrypted emails?Tutanota supports the current version of the following browsers:


Firefox (desktop)


Opera (desktop, Android)


Chrome (desktop, Android)


Safari from version 11.0 (desktop, iOS)


Microsoft Edge (desktop)
Tutanota also works in Internet Explorer 11, but this browser is not officially supported.


The development goes on.
What comes next?roadmap
Please have a look here and here.
What is the maximum size for emails and attachments?The size of emails with attachments sent via Tutanota is limited to 25 MB at the moment.ï»¿
Can I retrieve my Tutanota emails via IMAP to another email client?gmail
 outlook
 yahoo
 thunderbird
 redirect
This is not possible as we could not guarantee end-to-end encryption for your data.ï»¿ Instead Tutanota offers email desktop clients for Linux, Mac OS and Windows as well as a web client and apps for Android and iOS.
As an external recipient, can I re-access my emails later?Yes, you can always access the emails sent via Tutanota through the link from your latest notification email.
Old notification links from the same sender are de-activated for security reasons.
Your exchanged password, however, stays unchanged as long as the sender does not change it.
If you have saved the password upon accessing your confidential emails in your browser, you do not have to re-enter it.ï»¿
Are emails to other Tutanota users always encrypted?Yes, when sending emails from Tutanota to Tutanota, all emails are encrypted automatically end-to-end on your device.ï»¿ You do not have to enter any passwords.
Can Tutanota encrypt emails to other email services (external recipients)?Yes.
Tutanota uses a preshared password for sending an encrypted message to an external recipient, i.e.
to someone who does not use Tutanota.
Please check our how-to to learn how to send encrypted emails to external recipients.
Here we explain how to switch the default so that emails to external recipients are sent not encrypted and without a password.
What are the benefits of adding another user to my account?If you add another user to your account (family member, partner, team member etc.), you get the following benefits:

Share alias packages,
Share storage packages,
Use the same admin settings such as Spam rules and custom domains,
Reset passwords or second login factors for each other (admin status required).

Here are more details on user management.
If you do not need these sharing options, you can also upgrade accounts individually.
Please check our pricing calculator for details. 
Furthermore, we have recently added a sharing feature for the encrypted calendar which we will extend in the future.
Sharing of entire calendars only works with other paid Tutanota accounts.
Can I add alias email addresses to Tutanota?
alias
 user
Email aliases are additional email addresses that you can use with the same mailbox without having to switch accounts.
Aliases are included in al paid plans of Tutanota.
If you upgrade to Premium (â‚¬1 per month), you can add up to 5 aliases.
Find out more about Tutanota aliases in our How-to (create alias, change default sender, etc.).
Learn here what the purpose of an email alias compared to a user is and how aliases can increase your security.
Can I use plus addresses for my Tutanota email address?No, Tutanota does not support plus addressing (xyz+username@tutanota.com) for Tutanota domains.
If you want to register with different plus addresses at different sites, you can add an alias package to your account (limited to the number of aliases you book).
Alternatively, you can use a custom email domain with catch-all to create an unlimited number of plus addresses for incoming emails.
Can I use a custom email domain with Tutanota?Yes, any paid subscription of Tutanota comes with custom email domain support.
Once upgraded, you can add as many domains as you like.

Please refer to our how-to to learn how to add your own email domains to your Tutanota account and how to make sure that your records (MX, SPF, TXT, DKIM, DMARC, CNAME) are set up correctly in your DNS as well as how to activate/deactive catch-all and more.
Does Tutanota use a spam filter?false spam
 block
 legit
 newsletter
 blacklist
 whitelist
 receive
Yes, Tutanota uses a spam filter to keep your mailbox free from spam.
We are improving this filter continuously.
Should you receive spam emails in your inbox, you can also configure your own spam rules here to deny or allow certain email addresses or domains.
If a sender is blocked (rejected) by the spam filter, you can allow the sender for your account.
In paid accounts, only admins can create spam rules that are being applied across all users.

Does Tutanota support inbox rules for filtering incoming emails?Yes, Tutanota supports an unlimited number of inbox rules / filters for paid accounts.
Check our how-to to see how to set up inbox rules.
Are emails in Trash and Spam folder deleted?Yes, all emails in Trash or Spam are automatically deleted 30 days after the emails were moved to these folders.
You can also manually empty these folders with one click.
Please note: Emails deleted from Trash or Spam folders are physically deleted and can't be restored.
Are there email limits to protect Tutanota from being abused by spammers?Yes, Tutanota uses different variables to calculate email limits for individual accounts.
This is necessary to protect our free and anonymous email service from spammers who try to abuse Tutanota.
If spammers were able to abuse Tutanota, it would harm all Tutanota users - ie Tutanota domains could end up on email spam lists, which we have to prevent under all circumstances.
If you receive the following message in your Tutanota account "It looks like you exceeded the number of allowed emails.
Please try again later.", the anti-spam protection method has stopped your account temporarily from sending new emails.
Please wait a day or two to send new emails again.
If you need to send more emails immediately, please upgrade to our affordable Premium version (1 Euro per month) as limits for paying users are much higher.
Simply click on 'Premium' in your side menu bar of Tutanota.

Please note that Tutanota is not meant for sending out mass mailings such as newsletters.
Please read our Terms &amp.
Conditions for details.
Are email addresses stored automatically in contacts when sending an email?Yes, email addresses are automatically added to your encrypted Tutanota address book when sending an email unless you deactivate this feature.
You'll find details here.
Does Tutanota support export and import of emails, contacts and calendars?
Emails: You can export/download individual emails or batch-export emails by using multi-select.
Email import is not yet possible.
We plan to support email import as well as an even easier export function with our new secure desktop clients.

Contacts: You can already import and export contacts via vCard.

Calendars: You can import and export calendars via .ics.
Login with a browser and click on the three-dot button next to the calendar you wish to import data to or you wish to export.
Can I change the signature in a free account?Yes, you can change the signature in Settings -&gt.
Email.
Every account can change their signature.
To support our free and secure email service, please leave the link to our homepage in your signature.
Is it possible to edit Tutanota emails (HTML editing)?Yes, Tutanota supports HTML editing options (embed images, add lists, bold, italics, underline, monospace, add hyperlinks, align the text left, center, right, justified, change text size, remove all formatting).
These are explained in our how-to along with lots of information on email handling.
Can I receive notifications to another email account about incoming emails?Yes, with a paid subscription you can set up email notifications to any email address under 'Settings' - 'Email' - 'Notifications'.
You will be informed about new emails once until you log in.
Only if you have logged in to view this email, Tutanota will send another notification to keep notification emails to a minimum.
As a Free user, you can receive push notifications in the browser, the Android &amp.
iOS app as well as the desktop clients.
OtherDoes Tutanota publish a Transparency Report?Yes, the Tutanota Transparency Report is updated every six months.
You can check it here.
It also includes a Warrant Canary.
If I upgrade to Premium, can I downgrade to free again?Premium
 Free
 subscribe
 unsubscribe
Yes, you can downgrade back to free anytime.
Before this, you need to disable all extra bookings.
You can keep your main Tutanota email address as a free account.
Check here to see how you can upgrade or downgrade and how to add or disable extra bookings (aliases, storage, additional users).
My newly created account has been put on hold for 48 hours after registration.
What should I do?Some accounts are automatically marked for approval upon sign-up to prevent abuse.
This often affects IPs from VPN services or Tor as spammers try to bypass our anti-spam protection method by abusing these services.
Please read here why the 48-hour wait is necessary to protect your privacy to the maximum with a truly anonymous email service.
During these 48 hours emails cannot be sent or received.
Please do not share your new email address before the blocking has been lifted automatically.

I don't receive confirmation emails from services or newsletters.
What can I do?Please check whether the sender was blocked by following this instruction.
Sometimes newly created email addresses are put on hold for 48 hours to prevent abuse.
It is important that you do not share your email address until this block is lifted automatically.
If you do use the email address to register elsewhere or sign up for newsletters before the block is lifted, this service will send you a confirmation email, which will bounce with a temporary error.
This might lead to problems registering with this service, even in the future.
I can't register with my Tutanota email address at an online service.
What can I do?Most websites and online services let you register with your chosen Tutanota email address just fine.
Unfortunately, we have received reports by users that some websites block Tutanota email addresses for registrations.
Please check these options to resolve this situation.
How do I solve the Tutanota Captcha upon registration?Tutanota uses its own Captcha so that we do not have to depend on using Google Captcha.
This enables us to offer an open source email service without any links to Google.

The Tutanota Captcha shows a clock.
You need to enter the displayed time with four numerals, including the colon in the middle.
If the displayed time is 8.30 for example, you have to enter 08:30 or 20:30 exactly.
I have received an abusive email (spam, phishing) from one of your domains.
How do I report abuse?fraud
 stalker
 threat
 abuse
 abusive
 phishing
If you would like to inform us about abusive usage of one of our domains (tutanota.com, tutanota.de, tutamail.com, tuta.io, keemail.me), please contact us at abuse@tutao.de.
Please forward the abusive message to us if appropriate.
If you are a Tutanota user and have received a phishing email, you can report this email by clicking on the three-dot button to the right and then click on 'Report phishing'.
Here are more details.
If you would like to report abusive usage originating from another provider's email address, you can find contact addresses at abuse.net.
Where can I report a security issue or a vulnerability that I found in Tutanota?We at Tutanota take utmost care to secure your mailbox to the maximum.
The Tutanota code is published on GitHub, and we invite security experts to check the code.
In case you find a vulnerability in Tutanota, please report it directly to us so we can fix it.
How do I delete my Tutanota account?delete
To delete your account, go to Settings - Subscription - Delete Account.
You need to enter your password upon deletion.

Please note: Deleted Tutanota accounts can't be restored.
Deleted email addresses are blocked for registration and can't be used again.
CompanyAboutJobsTermsPrivacyImprintDevelopmentRoadmapSecurity &amp.
EncryptionForumGitHubSupportFAQHow-toContactPressLanguageEnglishTranslate
      