
        
Privacy Policy Go To





 About


 Privacy Policy


 DMCA Notice


 Contact

Thank you for visiting TVTropes.
This privacy policy tells you how we use personal
information collected at this wiki.
Please read this privacy
policy before using the wiki or submitting any personal information.
By using the wiki, you are accepting the practices described
in this privacy policy.
These practices may be changed, but
any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to
activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive
basis.
You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever
you visit the wiki to make sure that you understand how any
personal information you provide will be used.


When you use our website, we share information that we may collect from you, such as
your email (in hashed form), IP address or information about your browser or operating
system, with our partner/service provider, LiveRamp Inc and its group companies
('LiveRamp').
LiveRamp may use our first party cookie on your browser to match your
shared information to their marketing databases in order to provide back a pseudonymous
privacy-centric identifier for our use in real time bidding in digital advertising.
These third
parties may in turn link further demographic or interest-based information to your
browser.
To opt out of this use, please click here (LiveRamp).

 Note : the privacy practices set forth in
this privacy policy are for this wiki
only.
If you link to other wikis, please review the privacy
policies posted at those wikis.
Cookie/Tracking Technology

The wiki uses cookie and tracking technology.
Cookie and tracking technology are
useful for gathering information such as browser type and
operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the wiki,
and understanding how visitors use the wiki.
Cookies can also
help customize the wiki for visitors.
Personal information
cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology,
however, if you previously provided personally identifiable
information, cookies may be tied to such information.
Aggregate
cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.


Google Cookie Policy
Partner Cookie Policies
Manage EU Consent (GDPR)



What is the DoubleClick DART cookie?

The DoubleClick DART cookie is used by Google in the ads served on the websites of its partners, such as websites displaying AdSense ads or participating in Google certified ad networks.
When users visit a partner's website and either view or click on an ad, a cookie may be dropped on that end user's browser.
The data gathered from these cookies will be used to help better serve and manage ads on the publisher's site(s) and across the web.

Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to the wiki.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads based on visits to the wiki and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the advertising opt-out page.



Distribution of Information

We may share information with governmental agencies or other
companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation.
We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law.
or, (2)
trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud
or unauthorized transactions.
or, (3) investigating fraud
which has already taken place.

Commitment to Data Security

Your personally identifiable information is kept secure.
Only
authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed
to keep information secure and confidential) have access to
this information.
All emails and newsletters from this wiki
allow you to opt out of further mailings.

Privacy Contact Information

If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our
privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:

By e-mail: privacy@tvtropes.org

We reserve the right to make changes to this policy.
Any changes to this policy will be posted.

