
 By using the Twibbon.com web site, you agree with us to be bound by the following terms of service (the "Rules") of Twibbon which is a trading name of Storm Ideas Ltd ("we" "us"): 

You must be 13 years or older to use Twibbon.com.
You are responsible for keeping your password secure and must not disclose it to anyone else.
You must not abuse, harass, threaten, impersonate or intimidate other Twibbon.com users or any other person and you must not post any indecent or obscene, deliberately offensive, or defamatory material of any kind.
If you identify any such material you should report it to us immediately as set out below.
You must not use the Twibbon.com service for any criminal, illegal or unauthorised purpose.
International users must check and comply with all local laws regarding online conduct and acceptable content.
You are solely responsible for your conduct and any data, text, information, screen names, graphics, photos, profiles, audio and video clips, links ("Content") that you submit, post, and display on the Twibbon.com service.
You must ensure that you own, or are properly licensed to use, any copyright material or other intellectual property used in your Content including all images and text.
You must not use any trademarks of any person without their specific written permission.
You are responsible for any activity and Content that occurs under your screen name and you will indemnify us fully against any liability which may arise from your activities or Content.
You must not modify, adapt, hack or otherwise interfere with the operations of Twibbon.com or other Twibbon users.
You must not spam or otherwise create or submit unwanted emails to any Twitter or Twibbon members or any other person.
You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any computer code of a destructive nature or adverse effect.
If we become aware, or are made aware, of any Content on Twibbon which is in breach of the Rules, we may remove any such Content at any time.
You accept that by using Twibbon that you may view Content that may be in breach of the Rules and that we have no responsibility or liability for any such Content.
We may suspend or terminate your use of Twibbon if we consider that you are in breach of any of the Rules and we may decline any person the use of Twibbon at any time at our sole discretion.
We reserve the right to modify or terminate the Twibbon.com service for any reason, without notice at any time.
We reserve the right to amend the Rules at any time but we will notify you via Twibbon.com of any such change.
You will retain all intellectual property rights over the Content that you provide on your Twibbon profile.
You can remove your profile at any time.
Your avatar and any banner or other images [or other Content] may be used by us or any member of our group for our own publicity and marketing purposes and you grant a worldwide, perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free licence to us for such use.
You must not use any of our images or trademarks except in the ordinary use of Twibbon permitted by us.
You acknowledge that Twibbon is a trademark of Storm Ideas Limited.
If you reasonably consider that any Content on Twibbon.com breaches the Rules or infringes your intellectual property, you should notify us immediately in writing or by email.
Any complaint or dispute must be sent to support@Twibbon.com or Twibbon.com, Storm Ideas Ltd, Sugar Bond House, 7th Floor, 2 Anderson Place, Edinburgh, EH6 5NP, U.K.
and must include the following:

Your contact information, including your address, telephone number, and email;
A description of the infringing material and information reasonably sufficient to permit Twibbon.com to locate the material;
A factual statement by you as to why there has been a breach of the Rules.
If the complaint relates to a breach of copyright or trademark or other intellectual property, then you must provide a statement about the ownership of that intellectual property.
Any such statement by you shall be deemed to be warranted by you to be true, complete and accurate and you will indemnify us against any liability arising from any breach of that warranty.
We may require you to provide such further information as may be reasonably necessary in our view to substantiate any complaint or your right to complain.

If any dispute or claim arises in relation to your use of Twibbon or the Rules, it shall be governed by the law of Scotland and you shall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Scottish Courts.



