
         Cookie policy Twitch Interactive, Inc.
(with its affiliates, “Twitch”) uses certain technologies on its network of websites, software applications, or any other products offered by Twitch(the “Twitch Services”) to collect information that helps us improve your online experience.
In this Cookie Policy, we refer to these technologies, which include cookies, pixels, web beacons, and gifs, collectively as “cookies.” This policy explains the different types of cookies used on the Twitch Services and how you can control them.
We may change this Cookie Policy at any time: please take a look at the “last modified” legend at the top of this page to see when this Cookie Policy was last revised.
Any changes in this Cookie Policy will become effective when we make the revised Cookie Policy available on or through the Twitch Services.
By agreeing to this Cookie Policy, or by using the Twitch Services or any service of ours that links to this Cookie Policy, you expressly consent to information handling practices and storage and access of cookies as described in this policy.
We hope that this policy helps you understand, and feel more confident about, our use of cookies.
If you have any further queries, please contact us at privacy@twitch.tv.
What is a Cookie?
Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer or mobile device.
They are widely used in order to make websites and software applications work, or work in a better, more efficient way.
They can do this because websites and software applications can read and write these files, enabling them to recognize you and remember important information that will make your use of a website or software application more convenient (e.g., by remembering your user preferences).
What Cookies do we use?
Below we list the different types of cookies we may use on the Twitch Services.

Essential Cookies These cookies are essential to the operation of the Twitch Services in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features.
Without these cookies, services you have asked for, such as accessing secure areas of the website or paid for content, cannot be provided.
These cookies are essential for using the website and therefore cannot be turned off without severely affecting your use of the website.
Essential cookies on the Twitch Services may include:

Cookie Name


Further information

_twitch_session_id
Used to help users navigate within the website and to allow them to travel back to previous pages.
You can control these cookies via your browser setting but please note that the Twitch Services may not function smoothly if you do.

Performance Cookies Performance cookies, which often include analytics cookies, collect information about your use of this Twitch Services and enable us to improve the way it works.
For example, performance cookies show us which are the most frequently visited pages on the website, allow us to see the overall patterns of usage on the Twitch Services, help us record any difficulties you have with the Twitch Services and show us whether our advertising is effective or not.
Performance cookies on this Twitch Services may include:

Cookie Name


Further information

Google Analytics
tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout

Functionality Cookies In some circumstances, we may use functionality cookies.
Functionality cookies allow us to remember the choices you make on the Twitch Services and to provide enhanced and more personalized features, such as customising a certain webpage, remembering if we have asked you to participate in a promotion and for other services you request, like watching a video or commenting on a blog.
All of these features help us to improve your visit to the Twitch Service.

Targeting or Advertising Cookies We and our service providers may use targeting or advertising cookies to deliver ads that we believe are more relevant to you and your interests.
For example, we may use targeting or advertising cookies to limit the number of times you see the same ad on our Twitch Services and to help measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns.
These cookies remember what you have looked at on the Twitch Services and we may share this information with other organizations, such as advertisers.
For more information about targeting and advertising cookies and how you can opt out, you can visit youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices or allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html 


Targeting and advertising cookies on this Twitch Services may include:

Cookie Name


Further information

DoubleClick
google.com/settings/ads/onweb/

Flash Cookies We may, in certain situations, use Adobe Flash Player to deliver special content, such as video clips or animation.
To improve your user experience, Local Shared Objects (commonly known as “Flash cookies”) are employed to provide functions such as remembering your settings and preferences.
Flash cookies are stored on your device, but they are managed through an interface different from the one provided by your web browser.
This means it is not possible to manage Flash cookies at the browser level, in the same way you would manage cookies.
Instead, you can access your Flash management tools from Adobe’s website directly.
The Adobe website provides comprehensive information on how to delete or disable Flash cookies see adobe.com/security/flashplayer for further information.
Please be aware that if you disable or reject Flash cookies for the Twitch Service, you may not be able to access certain features, such as video content or services that require you to sign in.
How do third parties use cookies on the site?
In some circumstances, we may work with third parties to provide services on the Twitch Service.
For example, developers of Extensions that are used by broadcasters on their Twitch channels may set cookies to operate those Extensions and remember your user settings and preferences, e.g., format, position, etc., of the Extension.
In addition, third-party advertisers and other organizations may use their own cookies to collect information about your activities on the Twitch Services websites and/or the advertisements you have clicked on.
This information may be used by them to serve advertisements that they believe are most likely to be of interest to you based on content you have viewed.
Third-party advertisers may also use this information to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements.
We do not control these cookies.
To disable or reject third-party cookies, please refer to the relevant third party’s website.
For Extensions in particular, we encourage you to visit an Extension’s detail pages to review any privacy policy posted by the relevant developer, which may include additional information on their cookie practices.
You can also learn more about controlling cookies in the “How do I control Cookies” section below.
Third-party cookies on the Twitch Services may include:

Cookie Name


Further Information

Facebook Social Plugin
https://www.facebook.com/help/206635839404055?helpref=uf_permalink
How do I control Cookies?
You may refuse to accept cookies from the Twitch Services or Extension developers at any time by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse cookies.
You can refuse to accept Flash cookies from the Twitch Services or Extension developers using Adobe’s Flash management tools at http://www.adobe.com/security/flashplayer.
Further information about the procedure to follow in order to disable cookies can be found on your Internet browser provider’s website via your help screen.
You may wish to refer to allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html for information on commonly used browsers.
Please be aware that if cookies are disabled, not all features of the Twitch Services or Extension may operate as intended.
