
         Skip to Main Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Footer New curriculum is coming to Typing.com next fall! Get a sneak peek now.
Support | Blog | US English

 US English 
 UK English 
 Español 
 Português 
 | Teacher Login › Student Login › Teachers
Schools &amp.
Districts
Homeschool
Premium Students 

Typing Lessons


Typing Test


Typing Games


Digital Literacy


Coding Curriculum

 Sign Up Now » Sign Up Now » 

Teacher Signup


Student Signup




Home


Teachers


Schools &amp.
Districts


Homeschool


Premium


Typing Lessons



 Need some help?
Contact Support 


 Teacher Login › Student Login › 



Sign Up Now »

 Select a product: Teacher Signup » Student Signup » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Updated: January 2020
Thank you for your interest in Typing.com! Please read the below privacy policy in detail.
However, in plain English, we do not share, sell, or otherwise give away private information to anyone! At most, some non-personal information such as IP address and web browser version will be made available as a basic mechanic of the internet, but that’s it.
Now, please enjoy the legalese:

Typing.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
This privacy policy applies to information, including personal information, that Typing.com (a product of Teaching.com) collects about you when you visit our website.
This policy does not apply to other Teaching.com websites or apps.
Typing.com offers both a free (Student and Teacher), ad-supported version and a premium (Student and Teacher), subscription-based version.
The personal information that we collect, use, share, and disclose is dependent upon the version utilized.
While most of Typing.com is a general audience website through which we do not knowingly collect information from children under 13, the teacher portal portion of our site contains features for teachers (such as grading and reporting on performance) designed for students who may be Children.
Information Rights
This website recognizes and complies with GDPR and those rights, except as limited by applicable law.
The rights under GDPR include:

Access: This includes your right to access the personal information we gather about you, and your right to obtain information about the sharing, storage, security and processing of that information.
Correction: This is your right to request correction of your personal information.
Erasure: This is your right to request, subject to certain limitations under applicable law, that your personal information be erased from our possession (also known as the “Right to be forgotten”).
However, if applicable law requires us to comply with your request to delete your information, fulfillment of your request may prevent you from using Basecamp services and may result in closing your account.
Complain: You have the right to make a complaint regarding our handling of your personal information with the appropriate supervisory authority.
Restrict Processing: This is your right to request restriction of how and why your personal information is used or processed.
Object: This is your right, in certain situations, to object to how or why your personal information is processed.
Portability: This is your right to receive the personal information we have about you and the right to transmit it to another party.
Automated Decision-Making: This is your right to object and prevent any decision that could have a legal, or similarly significant, effect on you from being made solely based on automated processes.
This right is limited, however, if the decision is necessary for performance of any contract between you and us, is allowed by applicable European law, or is based on your explicit consent.

Information We Collect
We collect information from you directly when you create an account.
Typing.com and third-party advertisers (only with our free versions), such as Google Ad Manager and Freestar may send one or more cookies to your browser to help customize your experience on our site and/or to provide you with ads that may be of interest to you.
If you would like more information about this practice and to understand your choices about not having this information used by these companies, check out Network Advertising Initiative.
You may establish an account with Typing.com by providing us with a username and password, and optionally, an email address.
By establishing an account, you can save and track your performance on our site.
If you establish an account with us, we will collect information about your performance on our site.
If you do not establish an account, we will use a session cookie to collect and track information about your performance, which is lost and unsaved upon exiting the site.
You can also establish an account to use our site by logging in through social media networks and other services, such as Clever Single Sign-On, Facebook or Google.
If you do, we may collect certain personal information through the social network, including but limited to, your full name and email address.
Typing.com uses advertising services provided by Google Ad Manager and Freestar that will collect information in order to target ads to you (only with our free versions).
This may include your IP address, the identity of your Internet Service Provider, browser type, operating system, the referring web page, and the pages visited while on our site.
Sharing and Use of Information
We use the information described above to communicate with you, manage and improve our site, and for security purposes.
Except as provided below, we will not sell, share, or disclose information we collect from or about you.
Our site uses Google Analytics.
Google Analytics places a cookie on your web browser and collects your IP address.
It does not collect names or other identifying account information.
We use this information to diagnose problems and to improve and administer the site.
When optionally purchasing a premium version account, a payment processing software, Stripe, directly collects all personal payment information.
Payment confirmation information is shared with us.
We will not sell, share, or disclose this information.
See the privacy policy for Stripe for additional information.
We use Google Ad Manager and Freestar to serve ads to the users of our free versions.
Through Google, advertisers may place and read cookies on your browser or use web beacons to collect information through an ad appearing on our site.
Any advertisements served by Google may be controlled using the DoubleClick cookie which allows Google to display ads based on your visits to this and other sites.
See the privacy policy for Google Ad Exchange for additional information.
We will share information if required in order to comply with the law or to protect ourselves against third party claims.
Security
No data transmission or storage over the internet is 100% secure.
While we use security measures to protect your personal information, we cannot promise or guarantee absolute security.
Children’s Information
Children under the age of 13 are not permitted to create their own, free student account on Typing.com without consent from a parent, legal guardian, or teacher.
Childrens’ information such as IP address, the identity of their Internet Service Provider, browser type, operating system, the site that brought them to our site, and the pages visited while on our site will still be collected, via a session cookie for performance management, from children who use the site without creating an account.
This information is lost and unsaved upon exiting the site.
If you are the parent, legal guardian, or teacher of someone under the age of 13 who may have created an account and provided us with information without your knowledge or consent, please contact us at support@typing.com to have this information removed.
Alternatively, all created accounts can self-delete all personal information collected.
To do so, login to the account page to view and delete the account, including all information collected.
If you know of anyone under the age of 13 who may have provided us with information, please report it to us at support@typing.com.
A parent, legal guardian, or teacher may provide consent and purchase a premium student account for their child.
As noted above, our teacher portal is designed for teachers that may have students that are children, and we may collect information directly from children under 13 in connection with this portion of the site.
In compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), see the following regarding the use of our site by children.
Children may use our School Edition provided that the school has complied with its responsibilities under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act ("FERPA") and COPPA.
If a teacher or school official has consented to our collection of information from children who are students in a manner consistent with COPPA, we will collect and use such personal information.
This consent can be revoked and the student’s information removed at any time.
For parental and legal guardian rights, see specific section below.
Contained within this privacy policy we provide each school with all the notices required under COPPA.
Please refer to the “Information We Collect” section for more information on the information we collect from children.
Typing.com does not allow children to make this information publicly available.
Parent’s Rights
Parents have the right to review and request that Typing.com delete any personal information that the site has collected and retained about their child.
If you would like to request that we delete any personal information we may have about your child (such as username, password, and performance information) or to request no further collection of personal information from your child, please contact us at support@typing.com, call us at 1-720-445-9355 or write to us at: 
PO Box 9241 Santurce Station, San Juan, Puerto Rico 00909
Do Not Track Signals
Like most web pages, we do not respond to Do Not Track signals.
California Residents
You have the right to request that we tell you the categories of personal information we collect about you, where we get that information from, why we collect your personal information, who we share your information with, and what pieces of information we have collected about you.
You also have the right to request that we tell you the types of businesses we share your information with, and what type of personal information we share with them.
You have the right to request that we delete any of your information we have collected.
You can submit any of the above requests at support@typing.com.
Alternatively, all created accounts can self-delete all personal information collected.
To do so, login to the account page to view and delete your account, including all information collected.
We cannot discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA.
Examples of discrimination would include denying you our services, charging you a different price, providing a different level of quality, or even suggesting you might receive a different price or a worse product.
California Residents – Sale of Children’s Information
If you are between the ages of 13 and 16 and live in California, we cannot sell your information unless you consent.
If you are a child under the age of 13, we cannot sell your information without parental consent.
If you are the parent, legal guardian, or teacher of someone under the age of 13 who may have created an account and provided us with information without your knowledge or consent, please contact us at support@typing.com to have this information removed.
Links to Other Sites
As noted above, we use a third-party to deliver ads to our free version users.
If you click on a link to a third party site, you will be taken to websites we do not control.
This policy only applies to the practices of Typing.com.
We are not responsible for these third party sites.
Our site may also serve third party content that contains their own cookies or tracking mechanisms.
International Visitors
If you do not live in the United States, know that information we collect will be transferred to and processed in the United States.
By using our site, you consent to the collection, transfer, processing and storage of your information in the United States.
Questions or Concerns
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to email us at support@typing.com or write to us at: 
PO Box 9241 Santurce Station, San Juan, Puerto Rico 00909
Policy Changes
Typing.com may update this Privacy Policy from time to time.
We will notify you of any material changes to our Policy as required by law.
We will also post an updated copy on our website.
Please check our site periodically for updates. Take Home Letters
Gather parental or guardian consent with these take-home letter templates below: Download Take Home Letter [PDF] Download Take Home Letter [DOCX] 

Home


Teachers


Schools &amp.
Districts


Homeschool


Premium


Curriculum


Students




Typing Lessons


Typing Test


Typing Games


Digital Literacy


Coding Curriculum

 Powered by: 
2021 © Teaching.com

|
Privacy Policy


|
T.O.S.


|
Resources


|
Sitemap


|
Support


|
Blog



Follow Us





