
         Back to brands Back Use of cookies U K Insurance Limited Visitors to our website We are committed to protecting your privacy and we promise to treat it securely, fairly and lawfully.
When we collect any personal information through our website, we will be up front about how we will be using it.
We will make it clear why we collect it and will explain what we intend to do with it.
When you visit our website we use cookies and other similar technologies to collect anonymous information so that we can improve your experience when you use our services.
This allows us to: 

Remember your preferences
Let you navigate between pages efficiently
Make our websites work
Improve the efficiency of our website
Help us to arrange content to match your preferred interests more quickly
Collect statistical information to assist us and our partners to learn how customers use our and their products



With your permission we will also collect information about you and other information you may choose to include in the products you enquire about or buy from us to: 

Help us answer your queries and carry out your instructions when you need us to
Verify you as a user and carry out other essential security checks
Remember how far you are in the form you are completing
Contact you if you are experiencing difficulties when you are trying to get a quotation with us
Contact you regarding our offers, products and services
Supply you with advertising that is more relevant to you when you are visiting ours or other websites that promote our products (retargeting cookies)
Track the effectiveness of our online marketing activity



You can amend your cookies preferences at any time.

Cookies preferences 


 1 What are cookies and what other technologies will we use? "Cookies" - A cookie is a small piece of information which is sent to your browser and stays on your computer or mobile device when you visit our website.
Cookies do not damage your device they are merely used to 'remember' you when you visit again.
Cookies alone cannot be used to identify you.
A cookie will transport information about how you use our website to us.
The cookie itself does not keep any of the data it collects.
Apart from cookies we also use local storage and tags to help us enhance your browsing experience.
"Local storage" - Like a cookie, local storage is stored locally on your machine.
actually within your browser like cookies, history, saved pages, etc.
Like cookies it contains 'name/value' pairs (i.e.
postcode / 'BR1 1BY', surname / 'Smith') and a web page can only access data stored locally within its domain.
Unlike cookies the information collected by local storage is not sent to an internet server unless there is a specific reason for us to store the data collected (i.e.
for analytics purposes).
"Tags" - A tag is a small piece of code which is placed on our website and collects data.
This code would only collect data on our website.
A tag will not be stored on your browser, however, it may use a cookie which could be placed on your browser.

 Cookie List A cookie is a small piece of data (text file) that a website – when visited by a user – asks your browser to store on your device in order to remember information about you, such as your language preference or login information.
Those cookies are set by us and called first-party cookies.
We also use third-party cookies – which are cookies from a domain different than the domain of the website you are visiting – for our advertising and marketing efforts.
More specifically, we use cookies and other tracking technologies for the following purposes: Strictly Necessary These cookies are needed for the website to work and for us to fulfil our contractual
obligations.
This means they can’t be switched off.
They enable essential functionality such
as security, accessibility and live chat support.
You can set your browser to block or alert
you about these cookies, but it means some parts of the site won’t work. Strictly Necessary Cookie Subgroup Cookies Cookies used ukinsurance.co.uk test cookie First Party Performance These cookies allow us to measure and improve the performance of our site.
They help us to know the popularity of our pages and see how visitors move around the site.
All information these cookies collect is anonymous.
If you don’t allow these cookies, we won’t know when you’ve visited our site, and won’t be able to monitor its performance. Performance Cookie Subgroup Cookies Cookies used ukinsurance.co.uk test2 First Party u-kinsurance.com perfomance cookie Third Party 


 2 How to refuse cookies and local storage in your browser The use of cookies and local storage can be prevented by changing your internet browser settings.
Different browsers have different procedures for disabling the use of cookies and local storage, so please refer to your browser vendor's website for details on how to do this.
You can disable advertising retargeting cookies here: http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices.

 3 Further information on cookies and local storage If you would like further information on cookies and local storage, please go to:
 https://www.aboutcookies.org/ 
 http://www.allaboutcookies.org 
 http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/ 
 http://diveintohtml5.info/storage.html 
Further information about opting out of advertising retargeting can be found here: https://www.iab.com


