
Thank you for visiting the Department of Justice website.
Provided below are the legal policies and disclaimers for users of this site.
These policies and disclaimers apply only to the Department of Justice site.
Therefore, once you link to another site, you are subject to the policies of the new site.
Links to Other WebsitesLinking to the DOJ WebsiteCopyright Status and CitationUse of DOJ Seals and LogosInformation Quality GuidelinesDisclaimer of Liability and Endorsement Links to Other Websites The information posted on the Department of Justice website includes hypertext links or pointers to information created and maintained by other public and/or private organizations.
The Department of Justice provides these links and pointers solely for your information and convenience.
When you select a link to an outside website, you are subject to the privacy, copyright, security, and information quality policies of that website.
The Department of Justice:

DOES NOT control or guarantee the accuracy, legality, relevance, timeliness, or completeness of information contained on a linked website;
DOES NOT endorse linked websites, the views they express, or the products/services they offer;
CANNOT authorize the use of copyrighted materials contained in linked websites;
IS NOT responsible for transmissions users receive from linked websites;
DOES NOT guarantee that outside websites comply with the accessibility requirements of Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act.

Links to non-federal government sites will either appear on a page notifying you that the sites are not controlled by the Department of Justice, or you will receive an intercepting (redirect) page indicating that you are leaving the Department's site when you access such a link.
If you find a link that does not work please e-mail the Department of Justice Webmaster at webmaster@usdoj.gov.
Back to Top Linking to the DOJ Website Links to the Department of Justice website are permitted.
The use of Department of Justice seals, however, is protected and requires advance written authorization as described below.
The fact that a website links to the Department of Justice site does not indicate that the Department has any responsibility for the content of that site, nor does it constitute an endorsement of that site by the Department.
Back to Top Copyright Status and Citation Unless otherwise indicated, information on Department of Justice websites is in the public domain and may be copied and distributed without permission.
Citation of the Department of Justice as source of the information is appreciated, as appropriate.
The use of any Department of Justice seals, however, is protected and requires advance authorization, as described below.
If a source other than the Department of Justice or other federal government agency is indicated on a photo, graphic, or other material, permission to copy these materials must be obtained from the original source.
Please note that some photos, graphics and other materials used on this website are copyrighted.
For information on materials generated by external entities with Department of Justice funding, please refer to individual component policies.
This copyright notice only pertains to the Department of Justice website.
Back to Top Use of Department of Justice and Component Seals, Logos, Other Official Insignia, Names and Initials Department of Justice seals, logos and other official insignia may not be used or reproduced without written permission.
Requests for permission to use or reproduce the official insignia of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Bureau of Prisons, Federal Prison Industries, Parole Commission, Drug Enforcement Administration, United States Marshals Service and Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives shall be referred to the heads of these components.
Requests for permission to use or reproduce any other Department or component official insignia shall be referred to the Assistant Attorney General for Administration.
Permission to use or reproduce official insignia of the Department is granted on a case-by-case basis and involves the consideration of many relevant factors, including: the cost or benefit to the Department or the government of granting the request.
the unintended appearance of endorsement or authentication by the Department.
the potential for misuse.
the effect on Department security.
the reputability of the use.
and the extent of control by the Department over the ultimate use and distribution of any product(s) or publication(s) bearing official insignia of the Department.
The use of the names or initials of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Drug Enforcement Administration, and the United States Marshals Service is governed by 18 U.S.C.
sec.
709, which prohibits their unauthorized use in a manner calculated to convey the impression that such use is approved, endorsed, or authorized by that component, unless written permission has been received from the head of the respective component.
Back to Top Information Quality Guidelines The Department of Justice has issued guidelines to help ensure the quality, objectivity, utility and integrity of the information it disseminates to the public, including the information provided on this website.
The Department’s information quality practices and procedures can be found at: http://www.justice.gov/iqpr/iqpr.html.
The Department’s information quality guidelines include procedures for requesting corrections of disseminated information.
The Department will make every effort to correct errors brought to our attention.
Back to Top Disclaimer of Liability and Endorsement While the Department of Justice strives to make the information on this website as timely and accurate as possible, the Department makes no claims, promises, or guarantees about the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of the contents of this site, and expressly disclaims liability for errors and omissions in the contents of this site.
No warranty of any kind, implied, expressed, or statutory, including but not limited to the warranties of non-infringement of third party rights, title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or freedom from computer virus, is given with respect to the contents of this website or its links to other Internet resources.
The information appearing on this website is for general informational purposes only and is not intended to provide legal advice to any individual or entity.
We urge you to consult with your own legal advisor before taking any action based on information appearing on this site or any site to which it may be linked.
At times the Department of Justice is required, because of a legal requirement such as the Freedom of Information Act or a court order, to post documents generated by third parties that may contain offensive, defamatory, or misleading or otherwise inappropriate content.
The Department disclaims responsibility for the content of these documents.
Reference in this site to any specific commercial product, process, or service, or the use of any trade, firm or corporation name is for the information and convenience of the public, and does not constitute endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the Department of Justice.
Back to Top
