
         Terms &amp.
Conditions What's in these terms? These terms tell you the rules for using our website: ukclimbing.com (our site). Who we are and how to contact us ukclimbing.com, ukhillwalking.com, rockfax.com, and ukboltfund.org are sites operated by UK Climbing Limited ("We").
We are registered in England and Wales under company number 04297002
Our registered office is at 91 Western Road, Sheffield, South Yorkshire, S10 1LB. 
Our VAT number is GB 648 1027 45.
We are a limited company.
To contact us, please use our Contact us form. By using our site you accept these terms By using our site, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them.
If you do not agree to these terms, you must not use our site.
We recommend that you print a copy of these terms for future reference. There are other terms that may apply to you These terms of use refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of our site:

Our Privacy Policy.&nbsp.
See further under How we may use your personal information.
Our Cookie Policy, which sets out information about the cookies on our site.
 We may make changes to these terms We amend these terms from time to time.
Every time you wish to use our site, please check these terms to ensure you understand the terms that apply at that time.
These terms were most recently updated on 19 January 2022. We may make changes to our site We may update and change our site from time to time to reflect any changes to our services, our users' needs and our business priorities. We may suspend or withdraw our site Our site is made available free of charge (excluding our subscription services).
We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted.
We may suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of our site for business and operational reasons.
We will try to give you reasonable notice of any suspension or withdrawal.
You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them. We may transfer this agreement to someone else We may transfer our rights and obligations under these terms to another organisation.
We will always tell you in writing if this happens and we will ensure that the transfer will not affect your rights under the contract. You must keep your account details safe You are able to create a user account on our site.
This gives you increased access to content on the site, a user profile and full access to user forums.
Before posting on our user forums please read our posting guidelines carefully.
If you choose to create an account on our site, you will be provided with a user identification code and password as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential.
You must not disclose it to any third party.
We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.
If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your user identification code or password, you must promptly contact us. How you may use material on our site We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it (save where content is user generated, i.e.
forum posts and descriptions uploaded by users).
Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world.
All such rights are reserved.
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on our site.
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials or descriptions you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
Where descriptions are clearly identified as belonging to us, you must not modify or change these descriptions in any way.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged (except where the content is user-generated).
You must not use any part of the content on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
If you print off, copy, download, share or repost any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
You shall indemnify us against all liabilities, costs, expenses, damages and losses (including any direct, indirect or consequential losses, loss of profit, loss of reputation and all interest, penalties and legal costs (calculated on a full indemnity basis) and all and other professional costs and expenses) suffered or incurred by us arising out of or in connection with any claim made against us for actual or alleged infringement of a third party's intellectual property rights or moral rights arising out of or in connection with the content uploaded by you, including any descriptions. No text or data mining, or web scraping You shall not conduct, facilitate, authorise or permit any text or data mining or web scraping in relation to our site or any services provided via, or in relation to, our site.
This includes using (or permitting, authorising or attempting the use of):

Any "robot", "bot", "spider", "scraper" or other automated device, program, tool, algorithm, code, process or methodology to access, obtain, copy, monitor or republish any portion of the site or any data, content, information or services accessed via the same.
Any automated analytical technique aimed at analysing text and data in digital form to generate information which includes but is not limited to patterns, trends and correlations.

The provisions in this clause should be treated as an express reservation of our rights in this regard, including for the purposes of Article 4(3) of Digital Copyright Directive ((EU) 2019/790).
This clause shall not apply insofar as (but only to the extent that) we are unable to exclude or limit text or data mining or web scraping activity by contract under the laws which are applicable to us. Do not rely on information on this site The content on our site is provided for information only.
It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely.
You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking any action on the basis of the content on our site.
Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up to date. We are not responsible for websites we link to Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only.
Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked websites or information you may obtain from them.
We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources. User-generated content is not approved by us This website includes information and materials uploaded by other users of the site, including bulletin boards, articles, notes, opinion, podcasts and trip reports.
This information and these materials have not been verified or approved by us.
The views expressed by other users on our site do not represent our views or values. How to complain about content uploaded by other users If you wish to complain about content uploaded by other users, please use the contact us form. Our responsibility for loss or damage suffered by you 
We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so.
This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors and for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.
Please note that we only provide our site for domestic and private use.
You agree not to use our site for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
If defective digital content that we have supplied, damages a device or digital content belonging to you and this is caused by our failure to use reasonable care and skill, we will either repair the damage or pay you compensation.
However, we will not be liable for damage that you could have avoided by following our advice to apply an update offered to you free of charge or for damage that was caused by you failing to correctly follow installation instructions or to have in place the minimum system requirements advised by us.
 How we may use your personal information We will only use your personal information as set out in our privacy policy. Uploading content to our site Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload content to our site, or to make contact with other users of our site, you must comply with the content standards set out in our forum rules..
You warrant that any such contribution does comply with those standards, and you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any breach of that warranty.
This means you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your breach of warranty.
Any content you upload to our site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary.
You retain all of your ownership rights in your content, but you are required to grant us and other users of our site a limited licence to use, store and copy that content and to distribute and make it available to third parties.
The rights you license to us are described below.
We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any content posted or uploaded by you to our site constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
We have the right to remove any posting you make on our site if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with the content standards set out in our forum rules.
You are solely responsible for securing and backing up your content.
We do not store terrorist content. Rights you are giving us to use material you upload When you upload or post content to our site, you grant us the following rights to use that content:

a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable licence to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform that user-generated content in connection with the service provided by the website and across different media including to promote the site or the service to expire when the user deletes the content from the site;
a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable licence for other users to use the content for their purposes to expire when the user deletes the content from the site.
 We are not responsible for viruses and you must not introduce them We do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform to access our site.
You should use your own virus protection software.
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful.
You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site.
You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack.
By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990.
We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them.
In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately. Which country's laws apply to any disputes? These terms of use, their subject matter and their formation, are governed by English law.
You and we both agree that the courts of England and Wales will have exclusive jurisdiction except that if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland. Our trade marks are registered 

 is a figurative trademark registered in the UK with registration number: UK00003406199


 is a figurative trademark registered in the UK with registration number: UK00003460133


 is a figurative trademark registered in the UK with registration number: UK00003406202
 is a figurative trademark registered in the UK with registration number: UK00003406190
You are not permitted to use them without our approval, unless they are part of material you are using as permitted under How you may use material on our site.
