
Change Language Cookie Notice #yourdataisyours At Unilever, we respect your concerns about privacy and value the relationship that we have with you.
Like many companies, we use technology on our website to collect information that helps us enhance your experience and our products and services.
The cookies that we use at Unilever allow our website to work and help us to understand what information and advertising is most useful to visitors.
Please take a moment to familiarise yourself with our cookie practices and let us know if you have any questions by sending us an e-mail or submitting a request through the “Contact Us” form on our websites.
We have tried to keep this Notice as simple as possible, but if you’re not familiar with terms, such as cookies, IP addresses, and browsers, then read about these key terms first.

 Who is collecting it? Any personal data provided to or collected by Unilever via cookies and other tracking technologies is controlled by Unilever PLC, which is the parent company of Unilever Group (all Unilever Group companies, together the data controllers).

By using our websites, you are consenting to our use of cookies in accordance with this Cookie Notice and our Privacy Notice.
Any personal data provided to or collected by Unilever via cookies and other tracking technologies is controlled by Unilever PLC, Port Sunlight, Wirral, Merseyside, CH62 4ZD United Kingdom, which is the parent company of the Unilever Group (all Unilever Group companies, together the data controllers).
This Cookie Notice applies to any websites, apps, branded pages on third-party platforms (such as Facebook or YouTube), and applications accessed or used through such websites or third-party platforms (hereinafter, “our websites”) which are operated by or on behalf of Unilever.
References to “Unilever” in this Notice means the companies within the Unilever Group including subsidiaries, affiliates, joint ventures and franchises that you are interacting with or have a business relationship with (hereinafter, “Unilever Group”).
Find out more about the Unilever Group at https://www.unilever.com/about/.
By using our websites, you are consenting to our use of cookies in accordance with this Cookie Notice and our Privacy Notice.
If you do not agree to our use of cookies in this way, you should set your browser settings accordingly, disable the cookies that we use or not use our websites at all.
If you disable the cookies we use, this may impact your user experience while on the websites.
The section below summarises the different types of cookies we use on our websites, together with their respective purpose and provides you with the ability to manage these cookies.
Unilever will only collect, use or disclose your personal data where it is fair and lawful to do so.
For a more detailed understanding of how we use personal data collected by Unilever cookies, please refer to our Privacy Notice.

 What does cookie mean? Cookies, pixel tags and similar technologies (collectively ‘cookies’) are files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to any internet enabled device – such as your computer, smartphone or tablet – when you visit a website.

Cookies, pixel tags and similar technologies (collectively ‘cookies’) are files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to any internet enabled device – such as your computer, smartphone or tablet – when you visit a website.
Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie.
Cookies do lots of different and useful jobs, such as remembering your preferences, generally improving your online experience, and helping us to offer you the best product and services.
There are many types of cookies.
They all work in the same way, but have minor differences.
For a detailed list of cookies used on our websites, please refer to the below relevant section.

 What purpose do we use cookies for? We use cookies to make Unilever websites easier to use, to deliver a personalised experience on our websites, and to better tailor our products, services and websites to your interests and needs.
Cookies are used to help speed up your future activities and your experience on Unilever websites.

We use cookies to make Unilever websites easier to use, to deliver a personalised experience on our websites, and to better tailor our products, services and websites to your interests and needs.
Cookies are used to help speed up your future activities and your experience on Unilever websites.
The cookies you consent to, are also used to collect your personal data which we then profile into audiences so that we can deliver targeted advertising tailored to your interests and limit the number of times you see an advertisement.
For more detailed information about the profiling activities Unilever undertakes with your personal data for advertising, please see our Privacy Notice.
We also insert cookies in emails and newsletters to improve our content and advertising.
Lastly, we use cookies to compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how people use our websites and to help us improve their structure and content and also help us measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns on Unilever and non-Unilever websites.
More detailed information about the types of cookies we use and for what purposes, can be found in the below relevant section.

 How can I control or delete cookies? There are many ways to manage your cookies:


You can refuse your consent;
You can disable Unilever or third-party cookies by use of your browser settings (see how here).
or
You can use our cookie management tool to disable Unilever or third-party cookies (see how here).

There are many ways to manage your cookies:

You can refuse your consent;
You can disable Unilever or third-party cookies by use of your browser settings (see how here).
or
You can use our cookie management tool to disable Unilever or third-party cookies (see how here).
 Control via your browser settings Most internet browsers are initially set up to automatically accept cookies.
If you do not want our websites to store cookies on your device, you can change your browser settings so that you receive a warning before certain cookies are stored.
You can also adjust your settings so that your browser refuses most of our cookies or only certain cookies from third parties.
You can also withdraw your consent to cookies by deleting the cookies that have already been stored.
If you disable the cookies that we use, this may impact your experience while on the Unilever website, for example you may not be able to visit certain areas of a website or you may not receive personalized information when you visit a website.
If you use different devices to view and access the Unilever website (e.g., your computer, smartphone, tablet) you will need to ensure that each browser on each device is adjusted to suit your cookie preferences.
The procedures for changing your settings and cookies differ from browser to browser.
If necessary, use the help function on your browser or click on one of the links below to go directly to the user manual for your browser.

Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Google Chrome
Safari
Opera

There are also software products available that can manage cookies for you.
You can also use www.ghostery.com to evaluate the use of cookies used on our websites.
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org. Control via our cookie management tool You can disable Unilever or third-party cookies by use of our cookie consent tool.
Switching off tracking cookies, for example, ensures that Unilever will no longer track your online behaviour.
However please note that opting-out from tracking cookies does not necessarily mean that you will receive less Unilever advertising.
It just means that the advertising you receive will not be tailored to your interests.

 What cookies do we use? The cookies used on Unilever websites may be generally categorised as follow:


Necessary Cookies.
These cookies do not identify you as an individual.
Performance Cookies.
These cookies do not identify you as an individual.
Functionality Cookies.
The information these cookies collect may include personal data that you have disclosed.
Targeting or Advertising Cookies.
Most types of these cookies track consumers via their Device ID or IP address therefore they may collect personal data.
Third-Party Cookies.
Based on the type of cookies used by the relevant third-party, the information these cookies collect may include personal data.

The cookies used on Unilever websites may be generally categorised as follow:

Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are essential to make Unilever websites work correctly, they enable you to move around our websites and use our features.
Without these cookies, services like shopping baskets cannot be provided.
Examples include remembering previous actions (e.g.
entered text) when navigating back to a page in the same session.

Do these cookies collect personal data/identify me? These cookies do not identify you as an individual.
If you do not accept these cookies, it may affect the performance of the website, or parts of it.


Performance Cookies.
These cookies collect information about how you use our websites, for instance which pages you go to most often, the time spent on our websites, and any issues encountered, such as error messages.
These cookies are also used to let affiliates know if you came to one of our websites from an affiliate and if your visit resulted in the use or purchase of a product or service from us, including details of the product or service purchased.
This helps us improve the performance of our websites.

Do these cookies collect personal data/identify me? These cookies do not identify you as an individual.
All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
It is only used to improve how a website works.


Functionality Cookies.
These cookies allow our websites to remember the choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) to provide a more personalised online experience.
These cookies may also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise.
Similarly, they may be used to keep track of what featured products or videos have been viewed to avoid repetition, and to enable you to play games and engage with social tools, such as blogs, chatrooms and forums.

Do these cookies collect personal data/identify me? The information these cookies collect may include personal data that you have disclosed.
If you do not accept these cookies, it may affect the performance and functionality of the website and may restrict access to content on the website.


Targeting or Advertising Cookies.
These cookies are used to deliver content that is more relevant to you and your interests.
They are also used to deliver targeted advertising or limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaigns on Unilever and non-Unilever websites.
They remember that you have visited one of our websites and this information is shared with other parties, including advertisers and our agencies.
These cookies may also be linked to site functionality provided by third-parties.

Do these cookies collect personal data/identify me? Most types of these cookies track consumers via their Device ID or IP address therefore they may collect personal data.


Third-Party Cookies.
We use a number of partners that may also set cookies on your device on our behalf when you visit our websites to allow them to deliver tailored Unilever advertising within their domains, for example Facebook and Google DoubleClick.
We endeavour to identify these cookies before they are used so that you can decide whether you wish to accept them or not.
We also use a number of partners to provide digital experiences and functionalities on our websites.
For example, while browsing Unilever websites you may be served cookies from third-parties who provide some of its features on our websites (e.g., a YouTube video), although you have withdrawn or declined your consent to our cookies.
This happens because you have directly given your consent to the use of their cookies.
In such cases, you should directly withdraw your consent on the relevant third-party website.

Do these cookies collect personal data/identify me? Based on the type of cookies used by the relevant third-party, the information these cookies collect may include personal data.


 Duration of the cookie we use In terms of duration, we may use two different types of cookies on our websites:

Session Cookies.
These cookies are temporary cookies that remain on your device until you leave our websites.
or
Persistent Cookies.
These cookies remain on your device for much longer or until you manually delete them (how long the cookie remains on your device will depend on the duration or “lifetime” of the specific cookie, as well as your browser settings, as stated below).


 Manage PreferencesWe use cookies (and similar techniques) to improve your experience on our site.
Cookies enable you to enjoy certain features (like saving your online "shopping basket"), social sharing functionality (for Facebook, Instagram, etc.) and to tailor messages and to display ads to your interests (on our site, and others).
They also help us understand how our site is being used.
Read our Cookie Notice or change your cookie preferences here (you can do this anytime).
By clicking "Accept" you consent to our use of cookies.Manage Preferences Decline Accept
      