
         USF Privacy Policy Internet Privacy Policy The University of South Florida does not collect personal information about you when you visit an official USF website, unless you affirmatively choose to make such information available to us.

Our servers automatically recognize the domain and IP address from which you accessed the website, and we record related information that helps us make our site more accessible, such as information about operating systems, screen resolutions and the volume and timing of access.
This information does not result in the identification of your personal e-mail address or any other personal information.

Many pages within usf.edu use Google Analytics (Google Analytics Security and Privacy Principles).

If you choose to share information with us - either by sending us a message or filling out an electronic form with personal information - we will use the information only for the purposes you authorized.
Some of the information may be saved for a designated period of time to comply with Florida's archiving policies, but we will not disclose the information to third parties or government agencies unless required to do so by state or federal law or by your specific permission.


Under Florida law, email addresses are public records.
If you do not want your email address released in response to a public-records request, do not send electronic mail to the university.
Instead, make contact by phone or in writing.

Please be aware that as a large, public research university, there are many websites within the usf.edu domain.
This policy relates to those websites on which USF conducts its official business.
Because we encourage the development and deployment of technology in an environment of academic freedom, we cannot ensure that all websites within the usf.edu domain are in strict compliance with this policy at all times.
 The university reserves the right to amend these privacy terms at any time without notice.
Privacy and public records obligations of the university are governed by applicable Florida statutes and U.S.
federal laws.
 Processing Payments Credit Card and Security Notice Statements
USF has strict guidelines on who can collect online payments for products and services.
USF Information Technology uses payment transaction software that meets all government and banking institution requirements for compliance (this includes Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards Compliance and Graham, Leach, Bliley Act).
The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) is a worldwide information security standard defined by the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council.
The standard was created to help payment card industry organizations that process card payments prevent credit card fraud through increased controls around data and its exposure to compromise.

If you make a payment in an online transaction with USF, we may share information regarding these payments with payment gateways and resellers for the express purpose of completing a transaction or verifying that a transaction is not fraudulent.
In each case these companies do not share or resell private information for any purpose outside of completing the transaction.
If we are required by law to disclose certain information collected in an online transaction to local, state, federal, national or international government or law enforcement authorities, USF will do so.
 Security The University of South Florida takes credit card information security seriously.
We have implemented a variety of technical and procedural controls to ensure transactions collected on our site are private and protected.
To ensure information you provide online is secure during transmission, USF employs leading edge, encryption technology and Secure Socket Layers (SSL) while processing personal information supplied by you.

For technical assistance, please e-mail us at: webservices@usf.edu

*NOTE: Do not include your payment account #s in correspondence to the University.
It would be helpful to always include your name and UID to ensure we are assisting the correct person.

