
        University of Babylon Web Network Privacy,http://www.uobabylon.edu.iq,Written By Hassan H.
Alrehamy / Web Development H.O.D,International Use Version,University of Babylon Chancellor / Web Development Department,At University of Babylon we believe strongly in protecting our users' privacy.
We,will not wilfully disclose information about our users to any third party without first,receiving our users’ consent.This Privacy Policy sets out the privacy practices for the,services offered on any University of Babylon owned and/or operated websites,("Network").This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time.
You should,check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.,Your Personal Information,All personal information you provide via the Website will be treated as private and,confidential.
Please see any pages where information is collected for further relevant,information.University of Babylon may compile data in aggregate form so that,University of Babylon may better understand users that visit the Website.
Aggregate,data is anonymous and does not contain any personal information that identifies users.,Sharing of Information,University of Babylon will not sell, rent, trade or give away any user’s personal,information or email lists to third parties without first obtaining the user’s,consent.The Network contains links to other websites.
University of Babylon is not,responsible for the privacy practices and/or the content of such websites.
You should,exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in,question.,Security,University of Babylon is committed to the security of our users’ personal information,and we have security procedures in place to protect against loss, misuse or alteration,of personal information under University of Babylon’s control.,Cookies,When you visit the Website, University of Babylon may send your computer a,"cookie", a small file that resides on your computer's hard drive.
Cookies allow,University of Babylon to make the Website more useful by tailoring the services,University of Babylon offer from time to time.
You can set your browser not to accept,cookies, although you may not be able to access all of the features on the Website.,Overall cookies help University of Babylon provide a better website be enabling,University of Babylon to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not.,A cookie in no way gives University of Babylon access to your computer or any,information aboutyou, other than the data you choose to share.If you have any,questions about University of Babylon’s Privacy Policy or concerns about personal,information you have supplied to University of Babylon.,please e-mail uob.it.operations@gmail.com , If you believe that any information we,are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as,possible, at the above address.
We will promptly correct any information found to be,incorrect.,Freedom of Information Act2000,The Freedomof Information Act confers a right on individuals to know what,information is held by public authorities and to obtain access to that information.,Hence, where requested to do so, the University has a duty to disclose information,held by it, including information held by it electronically.Some information may be,absolutely exempt from disclosure, for example, personal information and,information received by the University in confidence.
Other information may be,exempt if the public interest lies in withholding the information rather than in,disclosing it e.g.
information that is commercially sensitive.
As a consequence of this,legislation, information provided by users of the University's website may be,disclosed to third parties where a request for access has been made and where no,exemption applies.
Please consult our further information about the University and,Freedom of Information, including the University’s publication scheme.,IT Acceptable Use Policy,Members of the University, staff and students,using this Network whether as,information providers or information users, are reminded that they are required to,abide by all relevant University policies, in particular the IT Acceptable Use Policy.
      