
         Cookie Policy of unread.it Cookies and other Identifiers consist of portions of code installed in the browser that assist the Owner in providing the Service according to the purposes described.
Some of the purposes for which Cookies are installed may also require the User's consent.
Where the installation of Cookies is based on consent, such consent can be freely withdrawn at any time following the instructions provided in this document.
Unread.it uses so-called “technical” Cookies and other similar Trackers to carry out activities that are strictly necessary for the operation or delivery of the Service. Measurement Unread.it uses Trackers to measure traffic and analyze User behavior with the goal of improving the Service. Analytics The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior. Twitter Ads conversion tracking (Twitter, Inc.) Twitter Ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Twitter, Inc.
that connects data from the Twitter advertising network with actions performed on unread.it.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
 Facebook Ads conversion tracking (Facebook pixel) (Facebook, Inc.) Facebook Ads conversion tracking (Facebook pixel) is an analytics service provided by Facebook, Inc.
that connects data from the Facebook advertising network with actions performed on unread.it.
The Facebook pixel tracks conversions that can be attributed to ads on Facebook, Instagram and Audience Network.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
 Clicky (Roxr Software Ltd) Clicky is an analytics service provided by Roxr Software Ltd.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
 Targeting &amp.
Advertising Unread.it uses Trackers to deliver personalized marketing content based on User behavior and to operate, serve and track ads. Managing contacts and sending messages This type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the User. These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message. Remarketing and behavioral targeting This type of service allows unread.it and its partners to inform, optimize and serve advertising based on past use of unread.it by the User. This activity is facilitated by tracking Usage Data and by using Trackers to collect information which is then transferred to the partners that manage the remarketing and behavioral targeting activity. Some services offer a remarketing option based on email address lists. In addition to any opt-out feature provided by any of the services below, Users may opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.

Users may also opt-out of certain advertising features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or ads settings in general. Facebook Remarketing (Facebook, Inc.) Facebook Remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Facebook, Inc.
that connects the activity of unread.it with the Facebook advertising network.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
 Twitter Remarketing (Twitter, Inc.) Twitter Remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Twitter, Inc.
that connects the activity of unread.it with the Twitter advertising network.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
 How to manage preferences and provide or withdraw consent 

There are various ways to manage Tracker related preferences and to provide and withdraw consent, where relevant:
Users can manage preferences related to Trackers from directly within their own device settings, for example, by preventing the use or storage of Trackers.
Additionally, whenever the use of Trackers is based on consent, Users can provide or withdraw such consent by setting their preferences within the cookie notice or by updating such preferences accordingly via the relevant consent-preferences widget, if available.
It is also possible, via relevant browser or device features, to delete previously stored Trackers, including those used to remember the User’s initial consent.
Other Trackers in the browser’s local memory may be cleared by deleting the browsing history.


With regard to any third-party Trackers, Users can manage their preferences and withdraw their consent via the related opt-out link (where provided), by using the means indicated in the third party's privacy policy, or by contacting the third party.
Notwithstanding the above, Users may follow the instructions provided by YourOnlineChoices (EU), the Network Advertising Initiative (US) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (US), DAAC (Canada), DDAI (Japan) or other similar services.
Such initiatives allow Users to select their tracking preferences for most of the advertising tools.
The Owner thus recommends that Users make use of these resources in addition to the information provided in this document.

 The Digital Advertising Alliance offers an application called AppChoices that helps Users to control interest-based advertising on mobile apps.
 Owner and Data Controller 
Superlinear Srl
Via Paolo da Cannobio, 9 20122 Milano (MI), Italy

Owner contact email: hello@superlinear.co
 Since the installation of third-party Cookies and other tracking systems through the services used within unread.it cannot be technically controlled by the Owner, any specific references to Cookies and tracking systems installed by third parties are to be considered indicative.
In order to obtain complete information, the User is kindly requested to consult the privacy policy for the respective third-party services listed in this document.

Given the objective complexity surrounding the identification of technologies based on Cookies, Users are encouraged to contact the Owner should they wish to receive any further information on the use of Cookies by unread.it. Definitions and legal references Personal Data (or Data) Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person. Usage Data Information collected automatically through unread.it (or third-party services employed in unread.it), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use unread.it, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment. User The individual using unread.it who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject. Data Subject The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers. Data Processor (or Data Supervisor) The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy. Data Controller (or Owner) The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of unread.it.
The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of unread.it. unread.it (or this Application) The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed. Service The service provided by unread.it as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application. European Union (or EU) Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area. Cookies Small sets of data stored in the User's device. Legal information Notice to European Users: this privacy statement has been prepared in fulfillment of the obligations under Art.
10 of EC Directive n.
95/46/EC, and under the provisions of Directive 2002/58/EC, as revised by Directive 2009/136/EC, on the subject of Cookies.
This privacy policy relates solely to unread.it.
 Latest update: May 02, 2019 

Trouble seeing this page? Click here to view it.
Visit our homepage.
