
        HomeAppHow we use dataLoginGet startedMenuPrivacy PolicyUpdated on April 26, 2021
Unroll.me is a service that is designed to help you manage your email inboxes through features that, for example, manage your email subscriptions, suppress spam, and consolidate promotional, transactional and other commercial emails that you receive (the “Service”).
Unroll.me is part of the Rakuten Group, which includes the affiliates and subsidiaries of our parent company, Rakuten, Inc.
based in Tokyo, Japan.
This privacy policy describes:

the information we collect through our websites and apps;
how we use this information;
with whom we share it.
and
and how we protect it.

This privacy policy also provides you with information about:

how you can request to access, stop the collection of, or delete your personal information (information that can be used to locate or identify you);
how to opt-out of the use of your personal information in our measurement products and datasets.
and
where to go if you have questions about our privacy practices.


Quick LinksWhat Information We CollectHow We Collect This InformationHow We Use Collected InformationInformation That We ShareHow We Protect Your InformationRestrictionsYour ChoicesLinks to Other SitesTransfers of InformationRights of California ResidentsUpdates to Our Privacy PolicyHow to Contact UsWhat Information We CollectAs part of our Services, we collect the following information:

identifier information such as your name and email address;
information about your subscriptions, commercial transactions and the promotions that you receive by email.
and
information about your interaction with our website and apps including for example, technical details about the devices you use with our Service (such as IP address or other device identifier), usage information and statistics about your interaction with our websites, the URLs of our web pages that you visit, URLs of referring and exiting pages, page views, time spent on a page, number of clicks, platform type, and other information about how you use our Service.




How We Collect This Information We collect information from you in several ways:


you directly provide us with some information
you authorize us to collect other types of information, and
we automatically collect certain types of information.

Information you provide us: When you register for the Service, you provide us with basic contact information, such as name and email address.
You may also provide us with information when you interact with us, such as:

when you sign up for email alerts,
subscribe to receive information,
complete a survey, or
seek customer support.



From time to time we will request additional information from you so that we can provide you with a specific offer, function, or feature.Information you authorize us to collect: When you register for our Service, we ask you to provide us with access your email account(s), which permits us to process your subscriptions, commercial transactions, registration confirmations, and the promotions that you receive by email.
You authorize this access by agreeing to this privacy policy and providing any consent required by your email provider.

Information that we automatically collect.
We may automatically collect information about the way that you use or interact with our Service.
Here are some of the types of automated data collection that occur when you use our sites:
Web Browsers: When you visit one of our websites, your browser automatically sends us your internet protocol (“IP”) address so that the web pages you request can be sent to your computer or device.
We use your IP address to determine additional information, such as whether the computer or device has ever been used to visit our site before, which site features were used most often, and how much time was spent on a page.
Cookies: We automatically collect information through “cookies,” which are text files placed on your device’s hard drive when you visit websites.
Cookies can enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular site.
We use cookies to help us manage and understand how you use our website.
For example, we use cookies for authentication purposes, to measure session activity on the site, and to determine which areas and features of the site are the most popular.
If you wish to disable cookies, you can do so by adjusting the settings for the browser that you use.
If you do choose to disable cookies through your browser, you will not be able to take full advantage of all our site features.
Web Beacons and Log Files: We may use “web beacons” (also known as internet tags, pixel tags, tracking pixels, and clear GIFs) on pages of our websites.
These web beacons allow third parties to collect information such as the IP address of the device, the URL of the web page, the time the page was viewed, the type of browser used, and any additional information in cookies that may have been set by the third party.
The information is typically collected in log files, which generally track traffic on our websites.
We use web beacons to manage the content we present and for analytical purposes (such as understanding our users, and how they interact with our site, and assisting us in managing and improving our site and Service).
We do not attempt to identify individual users through this information.
Do Not Track Browser Signals.
At this time, our Service does not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include “do not track” instructions.
However, you may be able to change your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser, as described above.
Please note that if there are features of our Services that are provided by third parties, those parties also may use automated means of data collection that are subject to those third parties’ privacy notices and policies.

How We Use Collected Information Information you provide us: We use the information that you provide us to:


bring you our email management service,
allow you to create and manage your account with us,
contact you about updates to and offers connected with the Service,
provide you with customer service and technical support, and
provide you with important notices about the Service.

Information you authorize us to collect: When we access your email account, we use this access to:

perform the functions of the Service, such as unsubscribing you from unwanted subscriptions and creating a “roll-up” of other subscriptions and/or transactions;
authenticate you as part of our security processes;
develop and offer new services.
and
tailor content as part of our Service such as in our roll-up summaries

Additionally, unless otherwise restricted by your email provider, we use this access to support our e-commerce measurement business.
Measurement Products and Datasets: We access information from transaction-related emails that you receive to develop and prepare measurement products and datasets with the assistance of, and in combination with, data that is available to: our parent company, our affiliate companies, and other trusted business partners.
Examples of the transaction-related emails that we or our trusted business partners process include purchase receipts, sales receipts, delivery confirmations and returns, subscription confirmations and cancellations, registration confirmations, transaction summaries and the like.
We also access information from promotional emails sent to you to report on trends in offers and other marketing and advertising being sent by email.
Data security and privacy are a priority for us, and with the assistance of our parent company, our affiliated companies and other trusted business partners, unless otherwise restricted by your email service provider:

we undertake a process that is designed to obscure or replace directly identifiable information with a unique identifier;
we may further combine or aggregate this information with other information available to us or our trusted business partners.
and once the information is processed, and
we use this processed information as part of our e-commerce measurement products and datasets

The measurement products and datasets that we prepare is provided to Fortune 500 companies, household name brands, investment companies, and other businesses for purposes such as:

understanding industry and business trends;
improving the goods, services or offers provided to customers;
improving business operations;
understanding the competitive landscape;
understanding where to make investments.
or
gaining other business insights.

Information we automatically collect: We use the information that we automatically collect (through web browsers, cookies, web beacons and pixels) so that we can:

tailor content within our Service, such as in roll-up summaries;
provide users with access to our website, app, service, or feature;
better understand our users, their interests and preferences.
and
develop, deliver, and improve the services we offer.


Information That We Share We share the information we collect to our parent company and service providers, who help us with the processing and storage of your data and otherwise operate and improve our Service.
Additionally, unless otherwise restricted by your email provider, we share the information that we collect with:



our parent company, who helps us develop measurement products and datasets;
our affiliated companies, who enhance our measurement capabilities and theirs by combining the information that we collect with other information available to them;
service providers and trusted business partners that work with us to develop and resell measurement products.
and
customers (including third parties and affiliates) that have access to our measurement products and datasets

We may also disclose information about you:

if we are required to do so by law or legal process,
to law enforcement authorities or other government officials,
when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity, or
if necessary to protect the vital interests of another individual.

Additionally, we reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets.

How We Protect Your InformationWe maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect your personal information from accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use and other unlawful forms of processing.
This includes the necessary physical, electronic and managerial procedures designed to protect data integrity, access and use.
Please note that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
As a result, we strive to protect your personal information but cannot ensure or warrant the security of your information against any possible loss or unauthorized access.
This said, no data transmissions through the internet or via mobile devices, or even the physical transfer of information, can be guaranteed to be completely secure.
We cannot fully eliminate all security risks associated with personal information.
As such, we do not ensure or warrant the security of any data or information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.



RestrictionsFor users that signed into this Service through their Gmail account, Google restricts third parties from using its API tool to access Gmail account information ("Your Google User Data").
This restriction will not apply to other Gmail users that sign up by providing us with an app password that was generated specifically as part of Google’s two-factor authentication process.
To determine whether you are subject to this restriction, please go to the settings page of your Unroll.Me dashboard which can be accessed here.
Additional Limits on Use of Your Google User Data: The following limits apply to information that we collect and process after June 1, 2019:
Notwithstanding anything else in this Privacy Policy, if you provide the Service with access to the following types of Your Google User Data, the Service’s use of that data will be subject to these additional restrictions:
The Service will only use access to read, write, modify or control Gmail message bodies (including attachments), metadata, headers, and settings to provide you with the Service and will not transfer this Gmail data to others unless doing so is necessary to provide and improve these features, comply with applicable law, or as part of a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets.
The Service will not use this Gmail data for serving advertisements.
The Service will not allow humans to read this data unless we have your affirmative agreement for specific messages, doing so is necessary for security purposes such as investigating abuse, to comply with applicable law, or for the Service’s internal operations and even then only when the data have been aggregated and anonymized.



Your ChoicesIf you wish to access or request deletion of your personal information, you can do so by editing your information in the Settings section of our dashboard.
We will provide you with the ability to access certain information we have about you in the Settings section of our dashboard after you have logged into our app.
You can also choose not to give us the information we request, as described in the “Information You Provide to Us” section of this policy.
In some cases, if you decide not to provide information, we will not be able to provide you with access to the site you requested, or we may not be able to provide you with the service, feature or information you requested.
In some cases, you can stop or limit the information we collect by automated means.
Please review the sections of this policy titled “Information Collected by Automated Means” to learn more about how you may be able to stop or limit our receipt of that information.
You can opt-out of the sale of your personal information by clicking here.
We are unable to delete your information without also deleting your account.
Should you wish to delete your account, you can do so by following these instructions.
As an alternative to exercising your choices through the Settings section or your dashboard, you may also exercise and amend your choices (including access, delete, and opt-out) by sending an email to us as specified in the “How to Contact Us” section below.



RIGHTS OF INDIVIDUALS IN THE EEA If you are located in the European Economic Area, you have the following additional data protection rights:

You can object to processing of your personal data,
You can ask us to restrict processing of your personal data,
You can request portability of your personal data or 
You can request deletion of your personal data

You can exercise these rights by please filling out the form located here and providing the verification information as stated on the form, or by contacting us using the contact details provided under the “How to Contact Us” heading below.
Similarly, if we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time.
Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You can withdraw your consent by using the go to the data subject access request page and submitting a request or by contacting us using the contact details provided under the “How to Contact Us” heading below.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information.
For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
(Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area are available here.) We would, however, appreciate an opportunity to address your complaint before you approach the supervisory authority so please contact us in the first instance with any complaints you may have by sending an email.
Legal Basis For Using EEA Personal Data:
If you are located in the European Economic Area, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
Usually, we rely on the following legal bases to process your personal information: 

Fulfillment of Contract: We will process the information you provide or make available to us to provide you with the Service.
Consent: We process your personal data based on the consent you provide us when you register for our service.
Legal obligation: In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information).
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided under the How to Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy.




DURATION OF PROCESSING We may actively process your personal information so long as you are active in our Service.
We may, however, store your information for up to 7 full years after the date that you terminate your account in order to prepare the measurement products and services if you are participating in our measurement panel, and where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example to respond to a query you requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax, audit and other requirements).
Where we are able, we store this information pseudonymized or anonymized form.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.



Transfers of InformationAs part of our international operations, we may transfer information about you to a jurisdiction where we do business.
These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards (such as contractual commitments) to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Supplier relies on the Rakuten, Inc.
Binding Corporate Rules (BCR) for legal data transfers outside of the EU within the Rakuten Group companies.
The Luxembourg Data Protection Authority, acting as the lead authority for Rakuten, Inc., has approved the BCR.
The BCR ensures your personal information is protected by requiring all Rakuten Group companies to follow the same rules when processing your personal information.
For more information on the BCR’s please click here.
For data transfers to entities outside of the Rakuten Group in countries that have not been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection by the European Commission, we may use specific contracts promulgated by the European Commission, such as the Standard Contractual Clauses and further details can be provided upon request.



Links to Other SitesWe may provide links to other sites for your convenience and information.
These sites may be operated by organizations not affiliated with Unroll.me, so we cannot control and are not responsible for their content, operation, or privacy practices.
Those organizations may have their own privacy policies, which we strongly suggest you review if you use other sites.
This Notice does not apply to those sites, even if we link to them or they link to us.



Rights of California ResidentsThis section contains disclosures required by the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and applies only to “personal information” that is subject to the CCPA.
Personal Information We Collect, Disclose for a Business Purpose, and Sell.
We collect the categories of personal information about California consumers identified in the chart below.
As further set forth in the chart below, in the past 12 months, we have disclosed and sold California consumers’ personal information to third parties for business or commercial purposes.Categories of Personal InformationCollected in the last 12 months:Categories of sources from which information is collected:Business or commercial purposes for collection, use, and sharing:Disclosed for business purposes to the following categories of third parties:Sold to the following categories of third parties:Personal and online identifiers (such as first and last name, email address, or unique online identifiers)YesConsumersServiceProvidersPerforming email management servicesInternal ResearchInternal OperationsActivities to improve servicesAdvertisingDevelop and PrepareMeasurement ProductsAuthenticating UsersLegal complianceDebuggingService ProvidersMeasurementProduct Customers(such as e-commerce businesses and investment companies)AffiliatesMeasurementProduct Customers(such as e-commerce businesses and investment companies)AffiliatesCommercial or transactions information (such as products or services purchased or applied for)YesConsumersPerforming email management servicesInternal ResearchInternal OperationsActivities to improve servicesDevelop and PrepareMeasurement ProductsLegal complianceService ProvidersMeasurementProduct Customers(such as e-commerce businesses and investment companies)AffiliatesMeasurementProduct Customers(such as e-commerce businesses and investment companies)AffiliatesOther information about you that is linked to the personal information aboveYesConsumersServiceProvidersPerforming email management servicesInternal ResearchInternal OperationsActivities to improve servicesAdvertisingDevelop and PrepareMeasurement ProductsLegal complianceService ProvidersMeasurementProduct Customers(such as e-commerce businesses and investment companies)AffiliatesMeasurementProduct Customers(such as e-commerce businesses and investment companies)Affiliates



Your Rights Regarding Personal Information.
California residents have certain rights with respect to the personal information collected by businesses.
If you are a California resident, you may exercise the following rights regarding your personal information, subject to certain exceptions and limitations:

The right to know the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected your personal information, our purposes for collecting or selling your personal information, the categories of your personal information that we have either sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have shared personal information;
The right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you or maintain about you.
The right to opt out of our sale(s) of your personal information.
Please note that if you opt out of certain types of sales, we will be unable to provide you with the services that rely on such sales.
The right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the CCPA.

To exercise any of the above rights, please contact us using the following information and submit the required verifying information, as further described below:

Online using this webform

Note that we may need to request additional information from you to verify your identity or understand the scope of your request, although you will not be required to create an account with us to submit a request or have it fulfilled.
We will require you to provide, at a minimum your email address as well as completion of the required fields on the webform located here.
You may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf by having the agent complete the webform located here.
We do not knowingly sell personal information of minors under 16 years of age.



Updates to Our Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy may be updated periodically to you to reflect changes in our information practices or relevant laws.
We will indicate at the top of the policy when it was updated.
Substantial changes to this policy will be effective 30 days after posting.
Please review this policy any time you access or use our sites to make sure you have reviewed the most recent version.



How to Contact UsIf you have any questions or comments about this privacy policy or if you would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, please contact us at privacy@unroll.me.
If you are located within the European Economic Area, the data controller of your personal information is Rakuten Marketing LLC.
The European establishment for purposes of this Policy is: Rakuten Marketing Europe Limited 71 Queen Victoria Street, 7th Floor London EC4V 4AY United Kingdom Rakuten Inc’s Data Protection Officer and the Rakuten Advertising privacy team can be reached at privacy@unroll.me.

Back to topHomeFeaturesAppHow we use dataFAQSupportPress InquiriesStatusContactBlogLoginSignupWe use your data to fuel our market research business, Rakuten Intelligence.
You can manage your data permissions here: Do Not Sell my personal information.
© 2021 Unroll.Me Inc.
All rights reserved.
Terms of Service &amp.
Privacy Policy.
Report a security issue.
