
         Opens in a new window Opens an external website Opens an external website in a new window Close this dialog We use cookies to provide a better user experience and personalized ads/content.
By clicking 'ACCEPT', you are agreeing to our Privacy and Cookie Policy.
You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Privacy Policy Manage Preferences Accept All Reject All 
 Close Cookie Preferences DomainsLearnDevelopersApplicationsSign Up / Log In00We have updated our Privacy Policy, effective from November 8, 2021, to:

Clarify how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal information in connection with our services.
and
Identify region-specific rights and disclosures.
If you have any questions about these changes, do not hesitate to contact us at legal@unstoppabledomains.com.

Prior versions of this Privacy Policy are available here.
here.PRIVACY POLICYLast Updated: 2021-11-08This privacy policy (“Policy”) describes how Unstoppable Domains Inc.
and its related companies (“Company”) collect, use and share personal information of users of this website, www.UnstoppableDomains.com (the “Site”).
This Policy also applies to any of our other websites that link to this Policy.
This Policy does not apply to websites that link to different statements.WHAT WE COLLECTWe may collect your‎ email address and phone number as well as other information you give us directly on our Site.
Specifically, when you opt in to have a 3rd party account verified, for example a DNS record or Twitter user handle, we collect this information and may also log that information to the blockchain.
We may enrich the information about you with data from other sources.
We may add this to information we get from this Site.
We automatically log information about you and your computer.
For example, when visiting our Site, we log browser type, pages you viewed, how long you spent on a page, access times and information about your use of and actions on our Site.
We may log information using "cookies." Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website.
We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Site.
This type of information is collected to make the Site more useful to you and to tailor the experience with us to meet your special interests and needs.USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATIONThe information you enter on our Site can be published to the blockchain through the use of our software that allows you to broadcast a transaction to the blockchain network.
Once broadcast to the blockchain network, we cannot control how others may use your personal information.
Please think of your blockchain domain as a "Public Profile" much like any other social account, and realize that others will have access to the information that you direct us to publish.
Specifically if you post information about yourself in our management portal and then save this information to the blockchain, the information is now publicly available forever.At Unstoppable Domains, we use your personal information as follows:
We use your personal information to operate, maintain, and improve our Sites, products, and services.
We use your personal information to respond to comments and questions and provide customer service.
We use your personal information to send information including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages.
We use your personal information to communicate about promotions, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by us and our selected partners.
We use your personal information to protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.
SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe may share personal information as follows:
We may share personal information with your consent.
For example, you may share personal information with others by publishing that information to the blockchain.
Please understand that once this information is published, in some cases it cannot be unpublished (as one of the chief purposes of blockchain systems is to enable data provenance through ensuring accurate and immutable record keeping).
We may share personal information when we do a business deal, or negotiate a business deal, involving the sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets.
These deals can include any merger, financing, acquisition, or bankruptcy transaction or proceeding.
We may share personal information for legal, protection, and safety purposes.
We may share information to comply with applicable laws.
We may share information to respond to lawful requests and legal processes.
We may share information to protect the rights and property of Unstoppable Domains Inc., our agents, customers, and others.
This includes enforcing our agreements, policies, and terms of use.
We may share information in an emergency.
This includes protecting the safety of our employees and agents, our customers, or any person.
We may share information with those who need it to do work for us.
We may also share aggregated data with others for their own uses.
INFORMATION CHOICES AND CHANGESOur marketing emails tell you how to “opt-out.” If you opt out, we may still send you non-marketing emails.
Non-marketing emails include emails about your accounts and our business dealings with you.
You may send requests about personal information to our Contact Information below.
You can request to change contact choices, opt-out of our sharing with others, and update your personal information.
Many browsers are set to accept cookies until you change your settings.
If you would prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it.
(ii) disable existing cookies.
or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject cookies.
Please note that doing so may negatively impact your experience using the sites, as some features and services on our sites may not work properly.
Depending on your mobile device and operating system, you may not be able to delete or block all cookies.
You may also set your e-mail options to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain technologies that would allow us to know whether you have accessed our e-mail and performed certain functions with it.
You may also be able to limit interest-based advertising through the settings on your mobile device by selecting “limit ad tracking” (iOS) or “opt-out of interest-based ads” (Android).
Many browsers are set to accept cookies until you change your settings.
If you remove or reject our cookies, it could affect how our Site works for you.LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICESFor your own convenience, our Service may provide links to third-party websites or services linked to or form the services, including the information or content contained within them.
Your browsing and interaction on any other website or service are subject to the applicable third party’s rules and policies, not ours.
If you are using a third-party website or service, you do so at your own risk.
We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any site or service before providing any personal information.RAKUTEN ADVERTISINGRakuten Advertising may collect personal information when you interact with our digital property, including IP addresses, digital identifiers, information about your web browsing and app usage and how you interact with our properties and ads for a variety of purposes, such as personalization of offers or advertisements, analytics about how you engage with websites or ads and other commercial purposes.
For more information about the collection, use and sale of your personal data and your rights, please use the below links:
https://rakutenadvertising.com/legal-notices/services-privacy-policy/ 
https://rakutenadvertising.com/legal-notices/services-privacy-rightsrequest-form/ 
CHILDREN'S PRIVACYOur services are not intended for children under the age of 16.
We do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from children under the age of 16.
If we learn that any personal information has been collected inadvertently from a child under 16, we will delete the information as soon as possible.
If you believe that we might have collected information from a child under 16, please contact us at legal@unstoppabledomains.com.CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICYWe reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time in our sole discretion.
We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personal data by sending a notice to your primary email address, by placing a prominent notice on our Site, or through other appropriate communication channels.
It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically.
All changes shall be effective from the date of publication unless otherwise provided.CONTACT INFORMATIONWe welcome your comments or questions about this Privacy Policy.
Contact us at our address: Unstoppable Domains Inc.
8465 W Sahara Ave Ste 111 Unit #1017 LAS VEGAS, NV 89117 or by email at legal@unstoppabledomains.com.GLOBAL APPLICABILITY AND REGION-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURESThis privacy policy is designed to apply to our Site visitors, users of our Services and other companies and users on a global basis.
We may choose or be required by law to provide additional disclosures relating to the processing of personal information in certain countries, regions, or states.
Please refer below to disclosures that may be applicable to you:CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTSIf you are a California resident, please see the “California Privacy Disclosures” section below for more information.NEVADA PRIVACY RIGHTSChapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes permits a Nevada resident to opt out of future sales of certain covered information that a website operator has collected or will collect about the resident.
We do not sell your personal information within the meaning of Chapter 603A.
However, if you would still like to submit such a request, please contact us at at legal@unstoppabledomains.com.EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA, UNITED KINGDOM OR SWITZERLANDIf you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the United Kingdom or Switzerland, or otherwise engage with Unstoppable Domain’s European operations, please see the “Privacy Disclosures for the European Economic Area, United Kingdom and Switzerland” for additional European-specific privacy disclosures, including what constitutes your personal information, the lawful bases we rely on to process your personal information, how we use cookies when you access our Services from the EEA, UK or Switzerland and your rights in respect of your personal information.NOTE FOR INTERNATIONAL VISITORSPersonal information may be transferred to, stored and processed in a country other than the one in which it was collected.
For example, the Sites are primarily hosted in and provided from the United States.
Please note the country to which personal data is transferred may not provide the same level of protection for personal information as the country from which it was transferred.California Privacy DisclosuresThis section applies to you if you are a resident of the state of California.
California law requires us to disclose certain information regarding the categories of information we collect.
For purposes of this section, “personal information” has the meaning provided by the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”).
This section does not apply to information relating to our employees, contractors, applicants, and other personnel.Collection, Disclosure, and Sale of Personal InformationIn the last 12 months, we have not sold personal information about you, but we have collected and disclosed for a business purpose the following categories and examples of specific pieces of personal information:Category of Personal InformationCollectedDisclosed for Business PurposesSold*Identifiers, including relating to data used to identify you, such as full name, email, address, birthdate (month and day), and phone number..✔️✔️No Personal Information SoldProtected Classification Characteristics, including age, gender, and sex.✔️✔️Commercial Information, such as account history and products or services purchased, obtained, or considered.✔️✔️Internet/Network Information, such as device information, logs, IP address, and analytics data.✔️✔️Geolocation Data, including your general geographic location.✔️✔️Sensory Information, such as photo or avatar, videos, and recordings of phone calls between you and us, where permitted by law.✔️✔️Other Personal Information, including communication preferences, customer service and communications history, personal information you permit us to see when interacting with us through social media, and personal information you provide us in relation to a question, request, inquiry, survey, contest or promotion.✔️✔️Inferences, including our predictions about your interests and preferences and related Service Profile Information.✔️✔️* Note about "Sales": We do not "sell" personal information as most people think of that term.
However, we do utilize third-party providers to engage in online analytics and advertising involving the collection of personal information, including Identifiers, Internet/Network Information, and Geolocation Data, directly from your browser or device through cookies or related technologies when you visit or interact with our online services or otherwise engage with us online.
We use these third-party providers to analyze and optimize our online services, provide more relevant content and ads to users of our online services and other third parties, and perform other services related to analytics or advertising consistent with these Disclosures and our Privacy Policy.
These third-party businesses may use the information they collect directly from you for their own purposes in accordance with their own privacy notices, which may include using this information for services provided to other third parties, including other parties operating in advertising networks.To the extent that these practices qualify as "sales" under the CCPA, you may have the right to opt out as described in the "Your Privacy Rights" section below.Sources of Personal InformationAs described in the What We Collect and Use of Personal Information sections of our Privacy Policy, we collect personal information directly from you when you provide it to us, automatically when you visit our websites and other online services, and from service providers and other third parties.
For representatives of our clients, vendors, service providers and other third parties, we also collect personal information directly from you and from the entity you represent.Purposes for Collecting Personal InformationRecipients of Personal InformationAs described in the Sharing of Personal Information section of our Privacy Policy, we share personal information with a variety of third parties.
For representatives of our clients, vendors, service providers and other third parties, we also share your personal information with the entity you represent.Your Privacy RightsAs a California resident, you may be able to exercise the following rights in relation to the Personal Information about you that we have collected (subject to certain limitations at law):Right to KnowThe right to request any or all of the following personal information we have collected and disclosed about you in the last 12 months:

The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.

 The categories of sources of the personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of personal information we have disclosed about you to third parties for a business purpose, and the categories of recipients to whom this information was disclosed;
The categories of personal information we have sold about you (if any), and the categories of third parties to whom this information was sold.
and
The business or commercial purposes for collecting or, if applicable, selling personal information.
Right to DeletionThe right to request the deletion of personal information we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.Right to Opt OutThe right to direct us not to sell personal information we have collected about you to third parties.
Right to Non-DiscriminationThe right to be free from discrimination for exercising any of the rights described above.
The right to non-discrimination does not prohibit us from offering you certain financial incentives that may result in different prices, rates or quality levels of products or services.
In addition, please note that if the exercise of the rights described above limits our ability to process personal information (such as in the case of a deletion request), we may not be able to provide our products and services to individuals who exercise these rights, or to otherwise engage with such individuals going forward.Submitting RequestsTo Exercise Your Right to Know or Right to DeletionTo submit a request to exercise your right to know or right to deletion, please submit a request by mail to our business address at 8465 W Sahara Ave Ste 111, #1017, Las Vegas, NV 89117 or by emailing us atlegal@unstoppabledomains.comBefore processing your request, we will need to verify your identity and confirm you are a resident of the State of California.
This process may require us to request additional personal information from you, including, but not limited to, your email, validation of your residential or business address, product website name, and/or date of last interaction with customer service.In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the right to know and/or right to deletion, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity.Authorized AgentsIn certain circumstances, you are permitted to use an authorized agent (as that term is defined by the CCPA) to submit requests on your behalf through the designated methods set forth in these Disclosures where we can verify the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf by:
For requests to know or delete personal information:
receiving a power of attorney valid under the laws of California from you or your authorized agent.
or
receiving sufficient evidence to show that you have:
provided the authorized agent signed permission to act on your behalf;
verified your own identity directly with us pursuant to the instructions set forth in these Disclosures.
and
directly confirmed with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request on your behalf.




For requests to opt-out of personal information “sales”: receiving a signed permission demonstrating your authorized agent has been authorized by you to act on your behalf.


PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU WHEN YOU USE UNSTOPPABLE DOMAIN’S EUROPEAN SERVICESWe collect the categories of personal data that you voluntarily submit directly to us when you use the European Services, as set forth in our Privacy Policy under the section entitled “What We Collect.” The table at Annex 1 sets out in detail the categories of personal data we collect about you and how we use that information when you use the European Services, as well as the legal basis which we rely on to process the personal information and recipients of that personal information.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AUTOMATICALLYWe also automatically collect personal information indirectly about how you access and use the European Services, and information about the device you use to access the European Services.
For example, we may collect:
information about the features you use and the pages you view on the European Services;
information about your device (such as your IP address, device identifier, device type, model and manufacturer).
and
information about your usage patterns (such as how often you use the Unstoppable Domain European Services and your language settings).
We use this information to provide you the features and functionality of the European Services, to monitor and improve the European Services and to develop new services.The table at Annex 2 sets out further information about the categories of personal information we collect about you automatically and how we use that information.
The table also lists the legal basis which we rely on to process the personal information and recipients of that personal information.We may link or combine the personal information we collect about you and the information we collect automatically.We may anonymize and aggregate any of the personal information we collect (so that it does not directly identify you).
We may use anonymized information for purposes that include testing our IT systems, research, data analysis, improving the Unstoppable Domains European Services.
We may also share such anonymized and aggregated information with others.
HOW LONG WILL WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe will usually store the personal information we collect about you for no longer than necessary for the purposes set out in Annex 1 and Annex 2, in accordance with our legal obligations and legitimate business interests.
Where we retain information pursuant to Legal Obligation, we retain such information for 7 years.The criteria used to determine the period for which personal information about you will be retained varies depending on the legal basis under which we process the personal information:

Legitimate Interests. Where we are processing personal information based on our legitimate interests, we generally will retain such information for a reasonable period of time based on the particular interest, taking into account the fundamental interests and the rights and freedoms of data subjects.

Consent. Where we are processing personal information based on your consent, we generally will retain the information until you withdraw your consent, or otherwise for the period of time necessary to fulfil the underlying agreement with you or provide you with the applicable service for which we process that personal information.

Contract. Where we are processing personal information based on contract, we generally will retain the information for the duration of the contract plus some additional limited period of time that is necessary to comply with law or that represents the statute of limitations for legal claims that could arise from the contractual relationship.

Legal Obligation. Where we are processing personal information based on a legal obligation, we generally will retain the information for the period of time necessary to fulfil the legal obligation.

Legal Claim. We may need to apply a "legal hold" that retains information beyond our typical retention period where we face threat of legal claim.
In that case, we will retain the information until the hold is removed, which typically means the claim or threat of claim has been resolved.
In all cases, in addition to the purposes and legal bases, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal information, as well as the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal information.
RECIPIENTS OF PERSONAL INFORMATIONIn addition to the recipients listed in Annexes 1 and 2, we may also share your personal information with the following (as required in accordance with the uses set out in Annexes 1 and 2):

Service providers and advisors: we may share your personal information with third party vendors and other service providers that perform services for us or on our behalf, which may include providing professional services, such as legal and accounting services, mailing, email or chat services, fraud prevention, web hosting, or providing analytic services.

Affiliates. Other companies owned by or under common ownership as Unstoppable Domains, including our subsidiaries (i.e., any organisation we own or control) and our ultimate holding company (i.e., any organisation that owns or controls us) and any subsidiaries it owns.
These companies will use your personal information in the same way as we can under these Privacy Disclosures

Purchasers and third parties in connection with a business transaction: your personal information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganisation, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business.

Law enforcement, regulators and other parties for legal reasons: we may share your personal information with third parties as required by law or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (i) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement.
(ii) detect and investigate illegal activities and breaches of agreements, including our Terms.
and/or (iii) exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Unstoppable Domains, its users or others.


MARKETING AND ADVERTISINGFrom time to time we may contact you with information about our services, including sending you marketing messages and asking for your feedback on our services.
Most marketing messages we send will be by email.
For some marketing messages, we may use personal information we collect about you to help us determine the most relevant marketing information to share with you.We will only send you marketing messages if you have given us your consent to do so.
You can withdraw your consent at a later date by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our marketing emails or by updating your preferences via your account on the Site.
STORING AND TRANSFERRING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONSecurity. We implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect your personal information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, change or damage.
All personal information we collect will be stored by our cloud hosting provider on secure servers.
We will never send you unsolicited emails or contact you by phone requesting credit or debit card information or national identification numbers.International Transfers of your Personal Information. The personal information we collect may be transferred to and stored in countries outside of the jurisdiction you are in where we and our third-party service providers have operations.
If you are located in the EEA, United Kingdom or Switzerland, your personal information may be processed outside of those regions, including in the United States.In the event of such a transfer, we ensure that: (i) the personal information is transferred to countries recognised as offering an equivalent level of protection.
or (ii) the transfer is made pursuant to appropriate safeguards, such as standard data protection clauses adopted by the European Commission.If you wish to enquire further about these safeguards used, please contact us using the details set out at the end of these Privacy Disclosures.
PROFILINGWe may also use personal data about you to detect and reduce fraud.
and credit risk.
YOUR RIGHTS IN RESPECT OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONIn accordance with applicable privacy law, you have the following rights in respect of your personal information that we hold:

Right of access. You have the right to obtain:
confirmation of whether, and where, we are processing your personal information;
information about the categories of personal information we are processing, the purposes for which we process your personal information and information as to how we determine applicable retention periods;
information about the categories of recipients with whom we may share your personal information.
and
a copy of the personal information we hold about you.



Right of portability. You have the right, in certain circumstances, to receive a copy of the personal information you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format that supports re-use, or to request the transfer of your personal data to another person.

Right to rectification. You have the right to obtain rectification of any inaccurate or incomplete personal information we hold about you without undue delay.

Right to erasure. You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to erase your personal information without undue delay if the continued processing of that personal information is not justified.

Right to restriction. You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to limit the purposes for which we process your personal information if the continued processing of the personal information in this way is not justified, such as where the accuracy of the personal information is contested by you.

Right to withdraw consent. There are certain circumstances where we require your consent to process your personal information.
In these instances, and if you have provided consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent.
If you withdraw your consent, this will not affect the lawfulness of our use of your personal information before your withdrawal.

You also have the right to object to any processing based on our legitimate interests where there are grounds relating to your particular situation.
There may be compelling reasons for continuing to process your personal information, and we will assess and inform you if that is the case.
You can object to marketing activities for any reason.You also have the right to lodge a complaint to your local data protection authority.
If you are based in the European Union, information about how to contact your local data protection authority is available here.
If you are based in the UK or Switzerland, your local data protection authorities are the UK Information Commissioner's Office (https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/the-fdpic/contact/address.html).If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please contact us using the contact details at the end of these Privacy Disclosures.Due to the confidential nature of data processing we may ask you to provide proof of identity when exercising the above rights.
This can be done by providing a scanned copy of a valid identity document or a signed photocopy of a valid identity document.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES USED ON OUR EUROPEAN SERVICESOur European Services uses cookies and similar technologies such as pixels and Local Storage Objects (LSOs) like HTML5 (together "cookies") to distinguish you from other users of our European Services.
This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our European Services and also allows us to monitor and analyse how you use and interact with our European Services so that we can continue to improve our European Services.
It also helps us and our advertising partners to determine products and services that may be of interest to you, in order to serve you targeted advertisements.Cookies are pieces of code that allow for personalisation of our European Services experience by saving your information such as user ID and other preferences.
A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes.We use the following types of cookies:

Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our European Services.
They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our European Services.

Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our European Services when they are using it.
This helps us to improve the way our European Services works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.

Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our European Services.
This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).

Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our European Services, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed.
We will use this information to make our European Services and the advertising displayed on it, and the marketing messages we send to you more relevant to your interests.
We may also share this information with third parties who provide services to us for this purpose.

Third party cookies. Please be aware that advertisers and other third parties may use their own cookies tags when you click on an advertisement or link on our European Services.
These third parties are responsible for setting out their own cookie and privacy policies.
Please see Annex 3 for more information about the cookies we use on the European Services.Other than strictly necessary cookies, which are required for the operation of our European Services, we will only place cookies on your device if you give us your consent to do so.
We will ask you to tell us which cookies you agree to receive when you first access our European Services.Most browsers also allow you to change your cookie settings to block certain cookies.
Depending on your mobile device and operating system, you may not be able to delete or block all cookies.
Please note that if you choose to refuse all cookies you may not be able to use the full functionality of our European Services.
These settings will typically be found in the "options" or "preferences" menu of your browser.
In order to understand these settings, the following links may be helpful, otherwise you should use the "Help" option in your browser for more details.Cookie settings in Internet ExplorerCookie settings in FirefoxCookie settings in ChromeCookies settings in Safari web and iOSIf you would like to find out more about cookies and other similar technologies, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org, or the Network Advertising Initiative online sources at www.networkadvertising.org.
We and our third-party partners may also use cookies and tracking technologies for advertising purposes.Please note that deleting or blocking cookies may not be effective for all types of tracking technologies, such as Local Storage Objects (LSOs) like HTML5.
TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES USED IN OUR EMAILSOur emails may contain tracking pixels that identify if and when you have opened an email that we have sent you, how many times you have read it and whether you have clicked on any links in that email.
This helps us measure the effectiveness of our marketing email campaigns, make the emails we send to you more relevant to your interests and to understand if you have opened and read any important administrative emails we might send you.Most popular email clients will allow you to block these pixels by disabling certain external images in emails.
You can do this through the settings on your email client – these generally give you the option of choosing whether emails will display "remote images", "remote content" or "images" by default.Some browsers also give you the option of downloading and installing extensions that block pixels and other tracking technologies.
ANNEX 1 - PERSONAL INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE USCategory of Personal InformationHow we may use the Personal InformationLegal Bases for processingRecipients of Personal InformationContact information, such as first name, last name and email address.We may use this information to set up and authenticate your account on the European Services.The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you and to take steps prior to entering into a contract with you, namely our Terms of Service.We may share this information with Stripe, Inc.
in order to identify you so that you can make and receive payments through the European Services.
We may also share your personal information with: Peaberry Software, Inc.
(“customer.io”)We may use this information to communicate with you, including sending service-related communications.The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, namely our Terms of Service.We may use this information to deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the European Services.The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely administering the European Services, and for communicating with you effectively to respond to your queries or complaints.We may use this information in connection with providing you with marketing communications in accordance with your preferences.We will only use your personal information in this way to the extent you have given us consent to do so.Your registration / account information such as your full name, email, and password.
If you are a teacher, we may also ask for your gender, age, email address, languages spoken, location, phone number, general background as part of the “About You” section, and any web presence URL (e.g.
Facebook handle or LinkedIn URL).We may use this information to create your account on the European Services.The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you.We use this information to deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the European Services.The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely for communicating with our members effectively to respond to any queries or complaints.Payment transaction information. When you subscribe to our services, we may collect information such as your billing address and other information such as date and time of your transaction.We may use this information to process your orders through the European Services.The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract.We share this information with: Stripe, Inc.
Paypal, Inc.We may use this information to verify your identity in connection with the detection and prevention of fraud or financial crime.The processing is necessary for our and third partiers' legitimate interests, namely the detection and prevention of fraud and financial crime.
Approximate Location information. When you visit our European Services, we may collect information about your location.
This information may be derived from WiFi positioning or your IP address.We may use information to present the European Services to you on your device.The processing is necessary for performance of a contract with you.We may use this information to localise features of the European Services.The processing is necessary for our legitimate interest, namely localising features of the European Services and tailoring the European Services so that it is more relevant to our users.We may use this information to determine content that may be of interest to you.The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely tailoring the European Services so that it is more relevant to you.Chat, comments and opinions. When you contact us directly, e.g.
by email or phone we will record your comments and opinions.We may use this information to address your questions, issues and concerns.The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely communicating with you and responding to queries, complaints and concerns.We may share any information you provide to us when you contact us with: Freshworks Inc.
Discord Inc.
Telegram Group Inc.
Meltwater Outreach CorporationWe may use this information to improve the European Services.The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop and improve our service).Information received from third parties, such as social networks. If you interact with us through a social network, we may receive information from the social network such as your name, profile information, and any other information you permit the social network to share with third parties.
We use single sign-on ("SSO") to allow a user to authenticate their account using one set of login information.
The data we receive is dependent on your privacy settings with the social network.We may use this information to reshare content created through the use of the European ServicesThe processing is necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our service and inform our marketing strategy)We may use this information to authenticate you and allow you to access the European Services.The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you.Your Preferences, such as preferences set for notifications, marketing communications, how the European Services is displayed and the active functionalities on the European Services.We use this information to provide notifications, send news, alerts and marketing communications and provide the European Services in accordance with your choices.The processing is necessary for our legitimate interest, namely ensuring the user receives the correct marketing and other communications, and that this is displayed in accordance with the user's preferences.We may also share your personal information with:
Google LLC
Facebook, Inc.
Mode Analytics, Inc.
Tableau Software, LLC
RudderStack Inc.
Reddit Inc.
Brave Software, Inc.
Twitter, Inc.
LinkedIn Corporation
Microsoft Corporation
Outreach Corporation
We use this information to ensure that we comply with our legal obligation to send only those marketing communications to which you have consented.The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject.ANNEX 2 - PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED AUTOMATICALLYCategory of Personal InformationHow we may use the Personal InformationLegal Bases for processingRecipients of Personal DataApproximate location information. Other than information you choose to provide to us, we do not collect information about your precise location.
Your device’s IP address may however help us determine an approximate location.We may use information you provide to us about your location to monitor and detect fraud or suspicious activity in relation to your Unstoppable Domain account.The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to protect our business and your account from fraud and other illegal activities.We may share this information with the following:
Google LLC
Facebook, Inc.
Mode Analytics, Inc.
Tableau Software, LLC
RudderStack Inc.
Reddit Inc.
Brave Software, Inc.
Twitter, Inc.
LinkedIn Corporation
Microsoft Corporation
Outreach Corporation
We may use this information to tailor how the European Services is displayed to you (such as the language in which it is provided to you).The processing is necessary for our legitimate interest, namely tailoring our service so that it is more relevant to our users.Information about how you access and use the European Services.For example, how frequently you access the European Services, the time you access the European Services and how long you use it for, the approximate location that you access the European Services from, the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave our website, the website pages you visit, the links you click, whether you open emails or click the links contained in emails, whether you access the European Services from multiple devices, and other actions you take on the European Services.We may use information about how you use and connect to the European Services to present the European Services to you on your device.The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to tailor the European Services to the user.We may use this information to determine products and services that may be of interest to you for marketing purposes.The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to inform our direct marketing.We may use this information to monitor and improve the European Services and business, resolve issues and to inform the development of new products and services.The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to monitor and resolve issues with the European Services and to improve the European Services generally.Log files and information about your device. We also collect information about the tablet, smartphone or other electronic device you use to connect to the European Services.
This information can include details about the type of device, unique device identifying numbers, operating systems, browsers and applications connected to the European Services through the device, your mobile network, your IP address and your device’s telephone number (if it has one).We may use information about how you use and connect to the European Services to present the European Services to you on your device.The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to tailor the European Services to the user.We may use this information to monitor and improve the European Services and business, resolve issues and to inform the development of new products and services.The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to monitor and resolve issues with the European Services and to improve the European Services generally.Join us on social mediaHelp CenterSiteSearch
Media
Trademarks
Grant ApplicationCompanyAbout Us
Affiliates
Blog
CareersResourcesHelp Center
Documentation
Website API Reference
Github
Bug Bounty Program
Telegram Community
Unstoppable Podcast
YouTubeGet updates to your inboxOnce a week.
No spam.​Subscribe nowCopyright © 2022 Unstoppable Domains Inc.
All Rights Reserved.
Contact
Terms
Privacy PolicyEnglish中文🎉 Phase 2 is officially complete! You can now mint AND manage your domains for free on Polygon.Learn more 

