
Upakka 🎨 + Login 


 Privacy Policy  Return Home
 Privacy Policy for upakka.com At upakka.com, accessible at upakka.com, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors.
This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by upakka.com and how we use it.


If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email at privacy@upakka.com


Log Files


upakka.com follows a standard procedure of using log files.
These files log visitors when they visit websites.
All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics.
The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks.
These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.


Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website, upakka.com uses ‘cookies'.
These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited.
The information is used to optimize the users' experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information.


Privacy Policies


You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of upakka.com.


Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on upakka.com, which are sent directly to users' browser.
They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs.
These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.


Note that upakka.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.


Third Party Privacy Policies


upakka.com's Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites.
Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information.
It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.
You may find a complete list of these Privacy Policies and their links here: ReCaptcha, ProveSource, Drift, and iubenda.


You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options.
To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites.


Children's Information


Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet.
We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.


This website does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13.
If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.


Online Privacy Policy Only


This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in upakka.com.
This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.


Consent


By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.

We are not liable for any of the actions or content posted by users who use this website.

We are not liable for any type of damages created by this website.



Affiliates:


Upakka LLC.
is a participant in the following affiliate programs: Etsy, Ebay, Amazon 
Official Amazon Affiliates Disclosure:

Upakka LLC.
is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com


Thank you.






home
about
support
privacy
 🙀 Mobile coming soon! 🎉 
Upakka LLC.
© 2018 - Present.
All rights reserved.
Affiliate disclaimer: We use affiliate links when possible.

