



Home
Login
Sign Up
Premium
News
Contact Us






 Russian 
 German 
 French 
 Arabic 
 Turkish 
 Polish 
 Thai 
 Spanish 
 Japan 
 Hungary 
 Indonesia 
 Dutch 
 Hebrew 




Login 
Sign Up 


Home


News


Premium


Make Money


Advertise


Speed Test
 FAQ 

What is Uploadrar?


Uploadrar is a file hosting provider.
We offer online storage/remote backup capacity, sophisticated uploading and downloading tools.
With Uploadrar you can host files, images, videos, audio and flash on the same place.




Why should I use Uploadrar?


Whenever you need to send a file that is too large for e-mail, Uploadrar can help.
If you need secure remote storage capacity for off-site backups, Uploadrar offers solutions for you.
If you want to access personal data from a variety of computers and don't want to carry around a USB stick, Uploadrar is a perfect way of doing so.




Can I search for files other people uploaded?


No, because not everyone wishes to share the files they upload with everyone else.
This way Uploadrar can be used to share files with anyone you choose to, as well as keep it for yourself as a backup or to download from anywhere in the world.




What kind of files can be uploaded?


All kinds: from your party photos to an important document.
The only restrictions are for pornography, nudity, sexual images and any kind offensive material, and, of course, copyrighted material.Please refer to our TOS for more info on Uploadrar terms of service.




How to delete a file I uploaded?

 To delete a file you uploaded you must use Delete Link that was provided to you after the upload proccess.

If you lost your removal code you can simply wait until the file expires so it will be automatically removed from our site.




Can I hotlink the stuff I upload?


No.
Hotlinking is not allowed on any kind of files uploaded to our servers.




I still have questions, what should I do?


If you still have questions regarding our services don't hesitate to contact us using our contact form.

 Last news: 
Home
Premium 
FAQ
Terms of service
Link Checker
News
Contact Us
Links
DMCA
Speedtest
Privacy
Refund
AML
KYC

Uploadrar and its partners use cookies and similar technology to collect and analyse information about the users of this website.
We use this information to enhance the content, advertising and other services available on the site.







 All rights reserved to Uploadrar © 2019 Uploadrar and its partners use cookies and similar technology to collect and analyse information about the users of this website.
We use this information to enhance the content, advertising and other services available on the site.

      