
         Terms &amp.
Conditions 
Read These Terms of Use Agreement Before Accessing Website.

This Terms of Use Agreement sets forth the standards of use of the USA Grant Applications Online Service.
By using the www.USAGrantApplications.org website you (the "Member") agree to these terms and conditions.
If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this agreement, you should immediately cease all usage of this website.
We reserve the right, at any time, to modify, alter, or update the terms and conditions of this agreement without prior notice.
 Modifications shall become effective immediately upon being posted at www.USAGrantApplications.org website.&nbsp.
Your continued use of the Service after amendments are posted constitutes an acknowledgement and acceptance of the Agreement and its modifications.
Except as provided in this paragraph, this Agreement may not be amended.

Description of Service

USA Grant Applications, is providing Members with a web-based resource center for members only.
Member must provide (1)  all equipment necessary for their own Internet connection, including computer and modem and (2) provide for Member's access to the Internet, and (3) pay any fees relate with such connection.&nbsp.


Web-base Membership Terms of Service 
 Once you have ordered USA Grant Applications, you will be given a username and a password to enter the "Member's Only" Web-based Resource Center.
You will be charged $29.95 for access to the web-based resource center.
You can cancel at any time by emailing us at support@usagrantapplications.org or calling us on our toll free number: 888-261-4837, or by sending us a letter at 29L ATLANTIC AVE #112, OCEAN VIEW, DE 19970.
The charges on your credit card will appear as, Grant Guide or USAGrants.
WE ALSO HAVE A GUARANTEE.
If you don't qualify for a Free Funding Program, you will be refunded immediately by contacting our support team. Just provide us with the funding application you applied for and the response letter from the funder by email or mail.
No refunds will be given for membership fees after 30 days of the date of the last transaction unless you provide the documentation of your application and your denial letter.
By placing your order you authorize USA Grant Applications to charge your credit card the above described fees.

Disclaimer of Warranties

The site is provided by USA Grant Applications, on an "as is" and on an "as available" basis.&nbsp.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, USA Grant Applications, makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, regarding the use or the results of this web site in terms of its correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise.&nbsp.
USA Grant Applications, shall have no liability for any interruptions in the use of this Website.&nbsp.
USA Grant Applications, disclaims all warranties with regard to the information provided, including the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.&nbsp.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties.
therefore the above-referenced exclusion is inapplicable.&nbsp.
USA Grant Applications also makes no guarantees that the client will receive funding of any kind.&nbsp.
USA Grant Applications is a company which provides educational materials on how to find and apply for funding.&nbsp.
USA Grant Applications is not a funding agency and does not give away money.

Limitation of Liability

USA Grant Applications, SHALL NOT be liable for any damages whatsoever, and in particular USA Grant Applications, shall not be liable for any special, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages, or damages for lost profits, loss of revenue, or loss of use, arising out of or related to this web site or the information contained in it, whether such damages arise in contract, negligence, tort, under statute, in equity, at law, or otherwise, even if USA Grant Applications, has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, THEREFORE SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS IS INAPPLICABLE.

You agree by submitting your order for the USA Grant Applications Membership to www.USAGrantApplications.org that the Company's maximum liability is limited to the total amount paid by you for the membership fee, regardless of extenuating circumstances.
If you have any concern regarding the products or services, trials included, or other fees charged, you must elect to not order from this website.
By ordering from this website you certify that you have been notified of this limitation of liability and agree with it.


Indemnification

Member agrees to indemnify and hold USA Grant Applications, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs, made by any third party due to or arising out of Member's use of the Service, the violation of this Agreement, or infringement by Member, or other user of the Service using Member's computer, of any intellectual property or any other right of any person or entity.


Modifications and Interruption to Service

USA Grant Applications, reserves the right to modify or discontinue the Service with or without notice to the Member.
USA Grant Applications, shall not be liable to Member or any third party should USA Grant Applications, exercises its right to modify or discontinue the Service.
Member acknowledges and accepts that USA Grant Applications, does not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to our website and operation of our website may be interfered with or adversely affected by numerous factors or circumstances outside of our control.


Third-Party Sites

Our website may include links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by online merchants and other third parties.&nbsp.
You acknowledge that we are not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any third-party site.&nbsp.
You should contact the site administrator or webmaster for those third-party sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content located on such sites.&nbsp.
Your use of those third-party sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of each site, and we are not responsible therein.
We encourage all Members to review said privacy policies of third-parties' sites.

Disclaimer Regarding Accuracy of Vendor Information 

Product specifications and other information have either been provided by the Vendors or collected from publicly available sources.&nbsp.
While USA Grant Applications, makes every effort to ensure that the information on this website is accurate, we can make no representations or warranties as to the accuracy or reliability of any information provided on this website.
USA Grant Applications, makes no warranties or representations whatsoever with regard to any product provided or offered by any Vendor, and you acknowledge that any reliance on representations and warranties provided by any Vendor shall be at your own risk.

Governing Jurisdiction of the Courts of Delaware

Our website is operated and provided in the State of Delaware.&nbsp.
As such, we are subject to the laws of the State Delaware, and such laws will govern this Terms of Use, without giving effect to any choice of law rules.&nbsp.
We make no representation that our website or other services are appropriate, legal or available for use in other locations.&nbsp.
Accordingly, if you choose to access our site you agree to do so subject to the internal laws of the State Delaware.&nbsp.


Compliance with Laws.

Member assumes all knowledge of applicable law and is responsible for compliance with any such laws.&nbsp.
Member may not use the Service in any way that violates applicable state, federal, or international laws, regulations or other government requirements.
Member further agrees not to transmit any material that encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law or regulation.


Copyright and Trademark Information 

All content included or available on this site, including site design, text, graphics, interfaces, and the selection and arrangements thereof is Â©2009 USA Grant Applications, with all rights reserved, or is the property of USA Grant Applications, and/or third parties protected by intellectual property rights.&nbsp.
Any use of materials on the website, including reproduction for purposes other than those noted above, modification, distribution, or replication, any form of data extraction or data mining, or other commercial exploitation of any kind, without prior written permission of an authorized officer of USA Grant Applications, is strictly prohibited.&nbsp.
Members agree that they will not use any robot, spider, or other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy our web pages or the content contained therein without prior written permission of an authorized officer of USA Grant Applications.
USA Grant Applications are proprietary marks of USA Grant Applications.&nbsp.
USA Grant Applications trademarks may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not provided by USA Grant Applications, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits USA Grant Applications.
All other trademarks displayed on USA Grant Applications' website are the trademarks of their respective owners, and constitute neither an endorsement nor a recommendation of those Vendors.&nbsp.
In addition, such use of trademarks or links to the web sites of Vendors is not intended to imply, directly or indirectly, that those Vendors endorse or have any affiliation with USA Grant Applications.

Notification of Claimed Copyright Infringement

Pursuant to Section 512(c) of the Copyright Revision Act, as enacted through the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, USA Grant Applications designates the following individual as its agent for receipt of notifications of claimed copyright infringement.
By Mail USA Grant Applications Attention:&nbsp.
Copyright Infringement 29L ATLANTIC AVE #112 OCEAN VIEW, DE 19970
 USA GRANT APPLICATIONS LTD 72 High Street Haslemere, Surrey, GU27 2LA United Kingdom 

Botnets

USA Grant Applications, retains the right, at our sole discretion, to terminate any accounts involved with botnets and related activities.
If any hostnames are used as command and control points for botnets, USA Grant Applications, reserves the right to direct the involved hostnames to a honeypot, loopback address, logging facility, or any other destination at our discretion.


Other Terms 

If any provision of this Terms of Use Agreement shall be unlawful, void or unenforceable for any reason, the other provisions (and any partially-enforceable provision) shall not be affected thereby and shall remain valid and enforceable to the maximum possible extent.&nbsp.
You agree that this Terms of Use Agreement and any other agreements referenced herein may be assigned by USA Grant Applications, in our sole discretion, to a third party in the event of a merger or acquisition.&nbsp.
This Terms of Use Agreement shall apply in addition to, and shall not be superseded by, any other written agreement between us in relation to your participation as a Member.&nbsp.
Member agrees that by accepting this Terms of Use Agreement, Member is consenting to the use and disclosure of their personally identifiable information and other practices described in our Privacy Policy Statement.
