
Please enable JavaScript and reload the page! Non-responsibility clause of usenet.nl Usenet is a public forum to which any person over the age of 18 can have access and where each user acts under his own responsibility.
Usenet.nl only proposes access to Usenet to the user.
Consequently, Usenet.nl is not subject to a general obligation to supervise information put on line by user nor to a general obligation to investigate the facts or circumstances from illegal activities.
Therefore, Usenet.nl does not influence the contents posted by users on the various discussion groups under any circumstances.
The contents of the discussion groups are exclusively dependent upon the users-authors.
they cannot be attributed to usenet.nl.
Taking into account the data diffused on Usenet, the contents of the discussion groups cannot be controlled by Usenet.nl (in the same way the suppliers to Internet such as Orange and Free cannot control the contents present on Internet). 1.
General conditions When you register, you declare that you are at least 18 years old.

On the discussion groups, you must respect the rules of behaviour (Netiquette), international agreements and the laws in force.
Concerning the legal framework and in order to act like a responsible person, the user must necessarily be over 18 years of age.
In compliance with article 6, paragraph 7 of law n.
2004-575 dated 21 June 2004 for trust in numerical economy, usenet.nl is in agreement with the battle of crimes against humanity, incitement toward racial hatred, child pornography, incitement toward violence, attacks to human dignity, oppression, as well as illegal activities regarding money games.
Therefore, if these contents should exist on Usenet, please report them without delay by using the following address: abuse@usenet.nl 2.
Say no to spam! Spam is the name given to an unsolicited message to addressees sent en masse for advertising or commercial purposes or posting of the same contents in huge quantities.
You must have understood that spam is forbidden on Usenet. 3.
Write in your email address When you post articles on Usenet, write in a valid email address after the word "From:" This address does not have to be your main email address.
Don't use "Nicknames" (pseudonyms), when you post an article on Usenet.
This is not acceptable in most Usenet sections. 4.
Avoid sending to multiple email addresses It is useless to send an article to several groups.
Generally, this upsets many users.
If you post the same article simultaneously in different groups (also see "Spam") the other users won't appreciate it. 5.
Only post binary files in groups intended for this purpose A binary file is a computer file that cannot be assimilated to a text file (music, video, photos, etc).
The file cannot be read directly by a text editor.
Therefore, binary files must imperatively be posted in the groups intended for this purpose.
You can generally recognise these groups with the suffix "xxx.binaries.xxx". 6.
Make sure you use "Netiquette" he term Netiquette is the contraction of Net (abbreviation of the words Internet and Network at the same time) and etiquette.
Netiquette is a charter which defines the rules of behaviour and politeness adopted on the first media of communications made available on the Internet.
The official document defining the rules of Netiquette is RFC 1855, issued in October 1995.
Netiquette's golden rule is: Don't use the Internet as a shield to do something you wouldn't do during a real face-to-face conversation with your correspondent.
In Usenet, each user can, must and has the right to express his opinion as long as he/she does not offend anyone.
"Flaming", which is the practice of posting hostile and/or offensive message on a discussion group, on Usenet, on a forum, on a website or a mailing list, is strictly prohibited.

 Therefore, posting contents :

that are advertising disguised as opinion;
that are intentionally non-objective or misleading;
whose publication represents or could represent an attack on the copyright or other third parties;
that contain pornography, are contrary to good morals or have any other indecent element (especially under the form of images);
whose nature can pose a threat to young people, have negative effects on them or harm them;
that are of a condemnable or defamatory nature;
 that are of an anti-constitutional or extremist nature or that come from prohibited groups;
that contains viruses or other elements which have a negative effect on software or the material of other computers or that can damage them;

is strictly prohibited.
The Usenet user is asked not to participate in a group as soon as he/she joins it.
At first, the user is advised to take some time to assimilate recent discussions, pick out the regular participants (who will undoubtedly be those with whom you will be in touch with most), and identify the subjects and topics that are upsetting, in order to avoid any misunderstanding that could end in you having the reputation of not being a very serious participant.
