
Please enable JavaScript and reload the page! The Digital Millennium Copyright Act The U.S.
Congress passed the DMCA (Digital Millennium Copyright Act) in 1998 in order to deal with copyright infringement by electronic means.
Copyright owners or their agents may submit a Notification of Claimed Infringement under the DMCA ("Notice") to our designated Copyright Agent if they believe they have found material that infringes on their copyrights.
Usenet.nl S.r.l.
is fully cooperative and compliant following the guidelines dictated by DMCA.
Only copyright holders or agents are allowed to submit DMCA notices.
Therefore, only an entity or person(s) who are in possession of the copyright that submit a DMCA Notice will be responded to.
A properly formatted DMCA Notice will adhere to the guidelines and principals established by the DMCA itself.
The indispensable elements of properly formed DMCA Notices are:
1.
Information of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed or, in case of a single Notice with multiple works, a representative list of such works.
2.
Precise identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing and sufficient information to enable usenet.nl to locate the material, such as each article´s subject, date, time, message-ID(s), newsgroup posted.
3.
Full contact information such as full name of the complaining party, address, telephone number, e-mail address and, for agents, a clear statement of the relationship to the owner of the copyrights.
4.
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law.
5.
A clear statement, under penalty of law, that the information in the DMCA Notice is both accurate and that you are an authorized agent of an entity or the person who holds the copyright.
A physical or electronic signature of the authorized agent of an entity or the person is also required.
Please send your written Notice to our Designated Copyright Agent. In case your Notice does not fully comply with above mentioned standards, please do understand that processing or answering the Notice may not be possible.
Upon receipt of a compliant Notice usenet.nl will take the following measures:
a) Eliminating the claimed copyright infringements. b) Notifying the subscriber that material has been removed or disabled.

Designated Copyright Agent: Legal name and address of Service Provider: Usenet.nl S.r.l.; Piazza Enrico Enriquez 22.
RSM-47891 Dogana  Designated Agent: Giacomo Boria E-Mail of Designated Agent: dmca@usenet.nl
