
Last updated November 18, 2019
 This Privacy Policy describes how secubytes, LLC and its affiliates ("utunnel.io," "we," "our" or "us") collect, use, and share information in connection with your use of our websites (including www.utunnel.io), services, and applications (collectively, the "Services").
This Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") does not apply to information our customers may process when using our Services.We may collect and receive information about users of our Services ("users," "you," or "your") from various sources, including: (i) information you provide through your user account on the Services (your "Account") if you register for the Services.
(ii) your use of the Services.
and (iii) from third-party websites, services, and partners.We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in full to ensure you are fully informed.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or utunnel.io’s data collection, use, and disclosure practices, please contact us at support@utunnel.io.
 Data Collection  We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address or credit card information.
You may, however, visit our site anonymously.

 The minimum information that utunnel.io requires is an e-mail address for registration and contact purposes.
We may also ask for payment and business information for invoicing purposes.
 Use of Data/Information  Personal data is processed by utunnel.io automatically and manually.
Unless expressly noted otherwise, utunnel.io or a designated subsidiary in your country shall act as the responsible personal data controller for any data processed.
utunnel.io uses third party data processors only for processing of payment data, emailing service and basic website and app analytics.

 Utunnel.io uses many cloud providers to allow our customers the best choice, while we do not share the information we get from you, it is possible that your use of the cloud provider services can expose your personal information, so it's the responsibility of the user to read and understand the implications of the cloud providers privacy and terms of service.

 You can find more information by following the below links 
 https://www.digitalocean.com/legal/  Data Retention  Users can enable connection logs, and if enabled it will be retained for a period of 3 months, after that the logs are removed automatically.
Other transaction logs like server creation logs are retained for a period of 1 month.
Payment transaction information will be retained until user account deletion is requested.
User account deletion if requested will be processed within 7 days.
The account deletion feature will require the user to send an email to support@utunnel.io with the relevant user details.
 Data Privacy &amp.
Security  We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order We offer the use of a secure server.
All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.

 After a transaction, your payment data (credit cards, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.

 All personal user information like name, email, address will be encrypted and stored in our databases as an added level of security.
 User information request  If you need user information which is stored in our system, your will have to send a request to the following email support@utunnel.io, and we will process your request in 15 business days  User Data Protection Rights under GDPR  If you are a resident of the EEA, you have the following data protection rights: 
 If you wish to access, correct, update, or request deletion of your personal information, you can do so at any time by emailing support@utunnel.io.

 In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information, or request portability of your personal information.
Again, you can exercise these rights by emailing support@utunnel.io.

 You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time.
You can exercise this right by clicking on the "unsubscribe" or "opt-out" link in the marketing emails we send you.
To opt-out of other forms of marketing, please contact us by emailing support@utunnel.io.

 Similarly, if we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time.
Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.

 You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information.
For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.

 We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
 Use of Cookies  We do use cookies.
A cookie is a piece of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your computer as a tag that identifies your computer.
While cookies are often only used to measure website usage and effectiveness and to allow for ease of navigation or use and as such, are not associated with any personal information, they are also used at times to personalize a known visitor's experience to a website by being associated with profile information or user preferences.
You can set your browser in most instances to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it or not.
You can also generally set your browser to turn off cookies.
Since cookies allow you to take advantage of some of our websites' features, we recommend that you leave them turned on.
If you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to use any website services that require you to sign in.
 Personal data of underage persons  Persons younger than 18 shall not use the utunnel.io Services and provide any personal data to us without the supervision of the parents or guardians.
Based on the above, it is presumed that any person using the utunnel.io Services and supplying personal data to us is at least 18 years of age.
If a person younger than 18 years old or a person, supplying wrongful data, become known to utunnel.io, such person and all their data may be immediately and without any notice withdrawn by suspending their access to utunnel.io Services.
 Information sharing with third parties  We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
 International Data Transfers  utunnel.io is a global business.
We may transfer personal information to countries other than the country in which the data was originally collected.
These countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information.
When we transfer your personal information to other countries, we will protect that information as described in this Privacy Policy.
 Contacting US  If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to email us at support@utunnel.io.

 The data controller of your personal information is secubytes, LLC.

