
        Vee privacy Policy.This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy” or “Agreement”) describes how Vee Volunteers Ltd.
(the “Company”) treats information that it collects or receives from you (the “Users”) through Company’s website at https://www.veevolunteers.com (the “Website”), through the Company’s cellular/web-based application (the “Application”) and the Company's volunteering platform which allows associations and other non-profit organizations (together “Associations”) to recruit volunteers.
allows companies and other corporations (together, “Companies”) to manage their employees' volunteering.
and allows individuals (including, personnel of Associations and Companies) to find suitable volunteering (“Volunteers”).
and other related features (the “Platform”), and which can be accessed by Associations and Companies via the Website and by Volunteers via the Application (the Website, the Application and the Platform, alongside any other services provided by the Company, the “Services”).
Alongside the Company's terms for the applicable Service (the “Terms”), this Privacy Policy governs your use of the Services.
By using any of the Company’s Services, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy.
In case you are entering into this Agreement on behalf of another legal entity, such other legal entity shall be considered the User, and you represent that you have the power and authority to agree to this Privacy Policy for such entity.
This Privacy Policy is effective once the User begins using the Company’s Services (the “Effective Date”).
Capitalized terms used by not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Terms.
1.
No Legal Obligation to Provide Information For avoidance of doubt, a User is not legally obligated to use any Services provided by the Company, or to disclose any information whatsoever to the Company.
However, if a User chooses to use any of the Services provided by the Company, including without limitation use of the Company’s Website or Application, provision of certain information is a pre-requisite for such use/receipt of the Services.
2.
Types of Information Collected The Company may collect both Personally Identifying Information and Non-Identifiable Information (together “Information”).
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, "Personally Identifying Information" shall mean information which is identifiable to you, which may include, without limitation, (i) for Associations – name of Association, Association number (if applicable), contact person's personal information (full name, e-mail address and phone number) and Association's logo.
(ii) for Companies- Company's name, contact person's personal information (full name, e-mail address and phone number), Company's logo and number of employees.
and (iii) for Volunteers- full name, date of birth, photo, phone number, volunteering preferences, personal skills and, if the Volunteer is an employee of a Company, also a registration code given to such Company.
and other personal information.
"Non-Identifiable Information" shall mean information collected regarding the use of the Services or other interactions with the Company which does not enable identification of an individual User.
3.
How Information is Used In general, the Company my use Information in order to provide and improve its Services, to customize and optimize User experience, and for its other business requirements.
More specifically, the Company may use Information collected by it for any of the following purposes: (a) To provide the Services.
(b) To connect Volunteers and Associations.
(c) To develop, deliver, and improve the Services.
(d) To customize and personalize the Services for each User and to enhance the User experience.
(e) To send important notices, such as communications about the Services, and changes to terms, conditions, and policies.
2 (f) To compile statistical information and insights related to performance or use of the Services, and use such statistical information and insights (including without limitation for research purposes or public use in aggregated non identifying form).
(g) For marketing purposes, including without limitation, to send Users information and to alert Users to new developments, promotions, specials, products or services or other activities, announcements, promotions, and newsletters, and to personalize same.
and to administer same.
(h) To contact Users.
(i) To identify or locate a User using the Services in order to facilitate the other purposes specified in this section.
(j) To monitor and analyse information regarding User browsing and viewing preferences and to diagnose problems of the Services.
(k) To administer and process payments (if applicable).
(l) For fraud prevention, internal operations, legal compliance, and other public and security related purposes.
and (m) To enforce the Terms and any supplemental terms and/or policies of the Company.
4.
How Information is Collected The Company may collect Information during User online and offline interactions with the Company and any of its Services, such as, without limitation, when a User registers for the Services or creates an Account, by monitoring parameters of a User’s use of the Services with the use of certain tools, when a User communicates with the Company through the Services, by email or otherwise.
5.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies When User accesses or uses the Service, the Company or its third party service providers may use industry-wide technologies such as "cookies" or other similar technologies which store certain information on User's device or User's general use of the Services ("Cookies").
This allows us to enable automatic activation of certain features and make User experience much more convenient and effortless.
The Company or its authorized third party service providers may use both session cookies (which expire once User closes the Service) and persistent cookies (which stay on User's system until User deletes them).
It is easy to disable or delete Cookies.
Most browsers will allow Users to erase cookies from their computer's hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored.
However, if User disable or erase cookies, User's online experience may be limited.
Cookies usually store only Non-personal Information, such as the web pages User has visited, the duration of browsing, etc.
the Company does not control such third party service providers.
6.
Retention and Removal of Information A User may contact the Company in writing through the address specified below in order to remove certain Information attained from such User, subject to applicable law (removal of Information however may impair or prevent User’s continued use of the Services).
Unless requested by a User as aforementioned, Company may retain Information for an unlimited period for uses in accordance with this Privacy Policy (but is under no obligation however to retain Information for any given period whatsoever).
7.
Sharing Information with Third Parties User acknowledges that Company utilizes certain third party services in order to make its own Services available, such as, without limitation, hosting services for storage of Information.
Any services and/or infrastructure of third parties shall be referred to herein as “Third Party Services”.
Company may disclose Information to third parties as follows: (a) to applicable Third Party Services providers as required to provide, develop, improve, support or maintain the Services, or to otherwise facilitate any of Company’s uses permitted hereunder (such as providers of hosting services for 3 storage of User Data stored as part of the Services).
(b) Personally Identifying Information of Users may also be shared with other Users for the purpose of connecting between Associations and Volunteers.
(c) to a successor entity of Company by way of merger or acquisition of Company’s applicable assets (for any use permitted hereunder), provided such successor entity will be bound by the requirements of this Privacy Policy with respect to its use of such Information.
Company reserves the right to disclose any gathered information as required by law and when Company believes that such disclosure is necessary to protect its rights, the integrity of the Services, Company's systems and technology, and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served in connection with the Services.
USER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT COMPANY DOES NOT CONTROL OR OPERATE THE THIRD-PARTY SERVICES AND/OR THE OTHER USERS, AND THAT COMPANY SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY WHATSOEVER HEREUNDER WITH RESPECT TO OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE, OR RETENTION OF INFORMATION BY PROVIDERS OF ANY THIRD PARTY SERVICES OR OTHER USERS, OR THE FAILURE OF SUCH THIRD PARTIES TO COMPLY WITH THIS PRIVACY POLIXY OR ANY LAW OR REGUALTION.
8.
Protection of Information Company is committed to protect the security of its Users’ Information and takes commercially reasonable measures to assure information security.
However, no method of internet transmission or electronic storage is 100% secure and Company cannot guarantee the Information’s absolute security.
By using the Services, User expressly agrees that Company will not be liable for any third-party action, misuse, abuse or infringement of data and information security.
9.
Updating and Reviewing User Information Users are responsible for keeping their information current and up-to-date.
Users may update their information by modifying their Account, or contacting the Company in the manner specified herein.
The Company will use reasonable efforts to process any change made by a User.
User acknowledges however that deletion of Information may result in failure to provide User with access or use of the Services, or alternately may impair the Services.
10.
Contact Any required or permitted notices hereunder must be given in writing (a) if to the Company, by e-mail to the following address: gil@veeteam.co, or to the following address: Aluf Kalman Magen 3, Tel Aviv, by registered, express, or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid.
or nationallyrecognized private express courier.
and (b) if to User by e-mail to the e-mail address with which User registered for the Services.
Notices will be deemed given within 1 business day from the delivery date if sent by e-mail, and within 5 business days from the delivery date if sent by other methods permitted herein.
11.
Amendments.
Governing Law Company may change the terms of this Privacy Policy by posting new terms, such terms shall be effective in respect of each User immediately once posted, and your continued use of the Services after the Last Revised date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes, so please re-visit this page frequently.
Any disputes or claims arising out of or in connection with this Privacy Policy, will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Israel, excluding its conflict of law principles.
The parties irrevocably agree that the competent courts of Tel Aviv Israel shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes or claims arising out of or in connection with this Privacy Policy.
​
Last updated: 10 September, 2020.
