
        Vee Volunteers Terms of ServiceThese Terms of Service along with any other terms and policies referenced herein, and are incorporated herein by reference and form an integral part hereof, as amended from time to time (these “Terms”) constitute a legally binding agreement as of the Effective Date (as defined below), governing your access to, and the use of https://www.veevolunteers.com/ and any related website owned or operated by Vee (the “Sites”), and the use of, and registration with, Vee's Service (defined below) through the Sites, a mobile application or through any other means.
These Terms are between Vee Volunteers Ltd.
(“Vee”, “us”, “we” or “our”) and you, either individually, or on behalf of your employer or any other entity which you represent (“you” or “your”).
In case you represent your employer or another entity, you hereby represent that (i) you have full legal authority to bind your employer or such entity (as applicable) to these Terms.
and (ii) after reading and understanding these Terms, you agree to these Terms on behalf of your employer or the respective entity (as applicable), and these Terms shall bind your employer or such entity (as the case may be).
PLEASE NOTE THAT YOU ARE DEEMED AS AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF YOUR EMPLOYER OR AN ENTITY (AS APPLICABLE): (I) IF YOU ARE USING YOUR EMPLOYER OR AN ENTITY'S EMAIL ADDRESS IN REGISTERING INTO THE SERVICE.
AND (II) IF YOU ARE AN ADMIN (AS DEFINED BELOW).
AS ELABORATED IN SECTION 2 BELOW, THERE ARE VARIOUS TYPES OF USERS FOR THE SERVICE, THUS, EXCEPT WHERE INDICATED OTHERWISE “YOU” SHALL REFER TO CUSTOMER AND ALL TYPES OF USERS.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THESE TERMS ARE BINDING, AND YOU AFFIRM AND SIGNIFY YOUR CONSENT TO THESE TERMS, BY EITHER: (I) CLICKING ON A BUTTON OR CHECKING A CHECKBOX FOR THE ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS.
OR (II) REGISTERING TO, USING OR ACCESSING THE SERVICE, SITES OR VEE MOBILE APPLICATION, WHICHEVER IS EARLIER (THE “EFFECTIVE DATE”).
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO COMPLY WITH, AND BE BOUND BY, THESE TERMS OR DO NOT HAVE AUTHORITY TO BIND YOUR EMPLOYER OR ANY OTHER ENTITY (AS APPLICABLE), PLEASE DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS OR ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICE OR THE SITES OR VEE MOBILE APPLICATION.
1.
Our Service.
1.1.
Our Service.
The Vee platform allows associations and other non-profit organizations (together “Associations”) to recruit volunteers.
allows companies and other corporations (together, “Companies”) to manage their employees' volunteering.
and allows personnel of Associations and Companies to find suitable volunteering (“Volunteers”).
and other related features as applicable from time to time as part of Vee platform, offered online and via a mobile application and/or the Sites (the “Service”).
Specific Terms may apply to You or to some of the Service, such specific terms are incorporated herein by reference and form an integral part hereof.
1.2.
Modification or Discontinuation of the Service.
We may add, modify or discontinue any feature, functionality or any other tool, within the Service, at our own discretion and without further notice, however, if we make any material adverse change in the core functionality of the Service, then we will notify you by posting an announcement on the Sites and/or via the Service or by sending you an email.
1.3.
No Contingency on Future Releases and Improvements.
You hereby acknowledge that your purchase of the Service are not contingent on the delivery by us of any future release of any functionality or feature, including without limitation, the continuance of: (i) a certain Service beyond its current Subscription Term.
or (ii) Third Party Services, or dependent on any public comments we make, orally or in writing, regarding any future functionality or feature.
1.4.
Ability to Accept Terms.
If you, access and use the Service, you represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years old.
The Service is only intended for individuals aged eighteen (18) years or older.
We reserve the right to request proof of age at any stage so that we can verify compliance with this paragraph.
2.
Account Registration and Administration.
2.1.
Account Registration.
To register to the Service for the first time, you shall create an account with the Service.
By creating an account (“Account”) and registering to the Service you become, either individually or on behalf of your employer or any entity, on behalf of whom you created the Account, a Vee customer (the “Customer”).
The first user of the Account is automatically assigned as the Account administrator (the “Admin”).
2.2.
Your Registration Information.
The registration process may requires that you provide information including (but not limited to) (i) for Associations - name of Association, Association number (if applicable), contact person's personal information (full name, e-mail address and phone number) and Association's logo.
(ii) for Companies – such company name, contact person's personal information (full name, e-mail address and phone number), company's logo and number of employees.
and (iii) for Volunteers - full name, date of birth, photo, phone number, volunteering preferences, personal skills, and a registration code given to such company.
Vee reserves the right to verify the information you provided during the registration process, and reject the creation of an Account, in Vee's sole discretion and without any obligation to provide reasons for such reject.
Volunteers hereby agree that some of the information provided by them through the registration process, including their photo, will be shared with other users on the Service.
When creating an Account or when you are added into an Account and creating your user profile (the “User Profile”), you : (i) agree to provide us with accurate, complete, and current registration information about yourself.
(ii) acknowledge that it is your responsibility to ensure that your password remains confidential and secure.
(iii) agree that you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your User Profile and password, including any integration or any other use of third party products or services (and associated disclosure of data) in connection with the Service.
and (iv) undertake to promptly notify us in writing if you become aware of any unauthorized access or use of your Account or User Profile and/or any breach of these Terms.
We may assume that any communications we receive under your User Profile have been made by you.
Customer will be solely responsible and liable for any losses, damages, liability and expenses incurred by us or a third party, due to any unauthorized usage of the Account by either you or any other User or third party on your behalf.
2.3.
User Verification.
You understand and agree that we may require you to provide information that may be used to confirm your identity and help ensure the security of your Account and/or User Profile.
In the event that you or the Admin lose access to an Account or otherwise request information about an Account, we reserve the right to request from you or such Admin (as the case may be) any verification we deem necessary before restoring access to or providing information about such Account.
2.4.
Account Admins.
The Admin(s) of an Account are, severally and jointly, deemed as the authorized representatives of the Customer, and any decision or action made by any Admin, is deemed as a decision or action of Customer.
An Admin may assign or add other members of the Account as Admins, which possess important privileges and controls over the use of the Service and the Account, including, without limitation: (i) control your (and other Users) use of the Account.
(ii) purchase, upgrade or downgrade the Service.
(ii) create, monitor or modify Users' actions and permissions.
(iii) manage the access to, control, remove, share posts or otherwise change, all or part of the Customer Data (as defined below).
and (iv) integrate or disable integration with third party services (as applicable, from time to time).
You also acknowledge that your Account can become managed by a representative of the entity that owns or controls the email address domain with which your Account was created or registered.
2.5.
Other Users.
An “Authorized User” of a Customer is each an individual natural person, whether an employee or Volunteer who is registered or permitted by Customer to use the Service subject to these Terms and up to any maximum number of users specified in this Terms and the Order
Form.
“Authorized Users”, and collectively with the Admin, the “Users”.
The features and functionalities available to the Users are determined by the respective subscription plan governing such Account, and the privileges of each such Authorized User are assigned and determined by the Account Admin(s).
2.6.
Responsibility for Authorized Users.
Customer is solely liable and responsible for understanding the settings, privileges and controls for the Service and for controlling whom Customer permits to become a User and what are the settings and privileges for such User, including without limitation, the right for a User to invite other Users (either paid or unpaid), the right to incur charges on the Account, the right to access, modify or share boards, etc.
Customer is responsible for the activities of all of its Users, including Order Forms they may place and how Users use the Customer Data, even if those Users are not from Customer's organization or domain.
Further, Customer acknowledges that any action taken by a User of Customer's Account, is deemed by us as an authorized action by Customer, hence Customer shall have no claim in this regard.
3.
Customer Data.
3.1.
Customer Data.
Customer Data is any data, file attachments, text, images, reports, personal information, or any other content, that is uploaded or submitted, transmitted or otherwise made available, to or through the Service by you or any User and is processed by us on Customer's behalf (the “Customer Data”).
For the avoidance of doubt, Anonymous Information (as defined below) is not regarded as Customer Data.
Customer retains all right, title, interest and control, in and to the Customer Data, in the form submitted to the Service.
Subject to these Terms, Customer grants us a worldwide, royalty-free, limited license to access, use, process, copy, distribute, perform, export, and display the Customer Data, and solely to the extent that reformatting Customer Data for display in the Service constitutes a modification or derivative work, the foregoing license also includes the right to make modifications and derivative works.
The afore-mentioned license is hereby granted solely: (i) to maintain and provide you the Service.
(ii) to prevent or address technical or security issues and resolve support requests.
(iii) to investigate when we have a good faith belief, or have received a complaint alleging, that such Customer Data is in violation of these Terms.
(iv) to comply with a valid legal subpoena, request, or other lawful process.
and (v) as expressly permitted in writing by you.
3.2.
Responsibility for Customer Data Compliance.
You represent and warrant that: (i) you have or have obtained all rights, licenses, consents, permissions, power and/or authority, necessary to grant the rights granted herein, for any Customer Data that you submit, post or display on or through the Service.
(ii) the Customer Data is in compliance with, and subject to, the Use Restrictions (as described in Section 6 below).
and (iii) the Customer Data you submit, your use of such Customer Data, and our use of such Customer Data, as set forth in these Terms, do not and shall not (a) infringe or violate any patents, copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property, proprietary or privacy, data protection or publicity rights of any third party.
(b) violate any applicable local, state, federal and international laws, regulations and conventions, including those related to data privacy and data transfer and exportation (the “Laws”).
(c) violate any of your or third party's policies and terms governing the Customer Data.
We assume no responsibility or liability for Customer Data, and you shall be solely responsible for Customer Data and the consequences of using, disclosing, storing, or transmitting it.
It is hereby clarified that Vee shall not monitor and/or moderate the Customer Data and there shall be no claim against Vee of not acting so.
4.
Public User Submissions.
1.
1.1.
Public User Submissions.
The Service may have certain features that allow you to submit comments, information, and other materials publicly (collectively, “Public User Submissions”) and share such Public User Submissions with other Users, or the public.
By submitting Public User Submissions through the Service, you grant us a license to access, use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, publish, transmit, host, and display that Public User Submissions for any purpose, business, including without limitation, for publicizing and promoting Vee, the Service and for any other lawful
purpose, in any media format (e.g.
in-print, websites.
electronically, broadcast), and you hereby waive, or to the extent legally prohibited, assign to Vee, any moral rights in your Public User Submissions.
1.2.
Responsibility for Public User Submissions.
You acknowledge and agree that: (i) you have or have obtained all rights, licenses, consents, permissions, power and/or authority, necessary to grant the rights granted herein, for any Public User Submissions that you submit, post or display on or through the Service.
(ii) we do not control, and are not responsible for, other content and/or submissions, posted on our Sites and/or Service by others.
(iii) by using the Service, you may be exposed to content and/or submissions by other users or site visitors that is offensive, indecent, inaccurate, misleading, or otherwise unlawful.
(iv) any Public User Submissions are submitted in accordance with, and subject to our Use Restrictions (see Section 6 below).
5.
Intellectual Property Rights.
License.
2.
2.1.
Our Intellectual Property.
The Service, inclusive of materials, such as software, application programming interface, design, text, editorial materials, informational text, photographs, illustrations, audio clips, video clips, artwork and other graphic materials, and names, logos, trademarks and services marks (excluding Customer Data), any and all related or underlying technology and any modifications, enhancements or derivative works of the foregoing (collectively, “Vee Materials”), are the property of Vee and its licensors, and may be protected by applicable copyright or other intellectual property laws and treaties.
As between you and Vee, Vee retains all right, title and interest, including all intellectual property rights, in and to the Vee Materials.
2.2.
Customer Reference.
Customer acknowledges and accepts that Vee has the right to use Customer's name and logo to identify Customer as a customer of Vee or User of the Service, on Vee's website, marketing materials or otherwise by public announcements.
2.3.
Your Access and Use Rights.
Subject to the terms and conditions of these Terms, and your compliance thereof, and specifically in strict compliance with these Terms, we grant you a limited, worldwide, non-exclusive, non-transferable right to access and use the Service, during the applicable Subscription Term, solely for Customer's internal purposes.
2.4.
Feedback.
As a User of the Service and/or Sites, you may provide suggestions, comments, feature requests or other feedback to any of Vee Materials, the Vee Service, and/or the Sites (“Feedback”).
Such Feedback is deemed an integral part of Vee Materials, and as such, it is the sole property of Vee without restrictions or limitations on use of any kind.
Vee may either implement or reject such Feedback, without any restriction or obligation of any kind.
You (i) represent and warrant that such Feedback is accurate, complete, and does not infringe on any third party rights.
(ii) irrevocably assign to Vee any right, title and interest you may have in such Feedback.
and (iii) explicitly and irrevocably waive any and all claims relating to any past, present or future moral rights, artists' rights, or any other similar rights, worldwide, in or to such Feedback.
6.
Use Restrictions
Except as expressly permitted in these Terms, you may not, and shall not allow an Authorized User or any third party to: (i) give, sell, rent, lease, timeshare, sublicense, disclose, publish, assign, market, resell, display, transmit, broadcast, transfer or distribute any portion of the Service to any third party, including, but not limited to your affiliates, or use the Service in any service bureau arrangement.
(ii) circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Service or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content or that enforce limitations on use of the Service.
(iii) reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble, decrypt or, attempt to derive the source code of the Service or any components thereof.
(iv) copy, modify, translate, patch, improve, alter, change or create any derivative works of the Service, or any part thereof.
(v) take any action that imposes or may impose (at Vee's sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the Vee infrastructure or infrastructure which supports the Service.
(vi) interfere or attempt to interfere with the integrity or proper working of the Service, or any related activities.
(vii) remove, deface, obscure,
or alter Vee's or any third party's identification, attribution or copyright notices, trademarks, or other proprietary rights affixed to or provided as part of the Service, or use or display logos of the Service without Vee's prior written approval.
(viii) use the Service for competitive purposes, including to develop or enhance a competing service or product.
(ix) use the Service for deceptive commercial practices or any other illegal or deceptive activities.
(x) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Service or related systems or networks or to defeat, avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, or otherwise circumvent any software protection or monitoring mechanisms of the Service.
(xi) impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, an employee of ours, an Admin, a Customer, or any other Authorized User, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person, organization or entity.
(xii) use the Service to violate the privacy of others, including posting private and confidential information of others, without their express permission.
(xiii) use the Service to perform or encourage others to perform any activities that are defamatory, libelous or threatening, constitute hate speech, harassment, or stalking.
(xiv) upload to, or transmit from, the Service any data (including through Customer Data and/or Public User Submissions (as this term defined in this Terms)), file, software, or link that contains, or redirects to, a virus, Trojan horse, worm, scripting exploits, bots or other harmful component or a technology that may or is intended to damage or hijack the operation of any hardware, software, or telecommunications equipment, or any other actually or potentially harmful, disruptive, or invasive code or component and.
misuse or otherwise use the Service in an excessive manner compared to the anticipated standard use (examined, at our sole discretion) or (xv) encourage or assist any third party (including other Authorized Users) to do any of the foregoing.
7.
Privacy.
2.5.
2.6.
2.7.
7.1.
Privacy Policy.
As a part of accessing or using the Service, we may collect, access, use and share certain Information (as defined in the Privacy Policy) from, and/or about, you.
Please read our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated herein by reference, for a description of such data collection and use practices.
7.2.
Anonymous Information.
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Terms, we may collect, use and publish Anonymous Information (defined below) relating to your use of the Service, and disclose it for the purpose of providing, improving and publicizing our services, and for other business purposes.
“Anonymous Information” means information which does not enable identification of an individual, such as aggregated and analytics information.
Vee owns all Anonymous Information collected or obtained by Vee.
8.
Third Party Services.
Links.
2.8.
8.1.
Third Party Services.
User acknowledges that the Vee utilizes certain third party services in order to make its Service available, such as, without limitation, providers of hosting services for storage of User data on external servers controlled by such third party providers, and that the continuing availability and access to the Service may be dependent on the continuing availability of the applicable third party services to Vee (“Third Party Services”).
8.2.
Links.
The Service may contain links to third party websites and services that are not owned or controlled by us (the “Links”).
You acknowledge that we have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of, any third party websites and services.
You: (i) are solely responsible and liable for your use of and linking to third party websites and services, and any content that you may send or post to a third-party website and services.
and (ii) expressly release us from any and all liability arising from your, and in case of a Customer, all Users', use of any third party website and services.
Accordingly, we encourage you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each third party website and services, that you may choose to visit.
9.
Subscription Term, Renewal and Fees Payment.
2.9.
9.1.
Order Form.
Our order form may be completed and placed in various ways, among which, an online form or in-product screens or any other mutually agreed upon offline form delivered by Customer or any of the other Users to Vee, including via mail, email or any other electronic or physical delivery mechanism (the “Order Form”).
Such Order Form will list, at the least, the Service ordered, subscription plan, term and the associated fees.
9.2.
Subscription Term.
The Service is provided on a subscription basis for the term specified in your Order Form, in accordance with the respective subscription plan purchased under such Order Form (the “Subscription Term” and the “Subscription Plan”, respectively, and collectively the “Subscription”).
9.3.
Subscription Fees.
In consideration for the provision of the Service (except for Trial Service and free version of the Service for specific types of Users), Customer shall pay us the applicable fees per the purchased Subscription, as set forth in the applicable Order Form (the “Subscription Fees”).
Unless indicated otherwise, Subscription Fees are stated in US dollars.
Customer hereby authorizes us, either directly or through our payment processing service, to charge such Subscription Fees via Customer's selected payment method, upon due date.
Unless expressly set forth herein, the Subscription Fees are non-cancelable and non-refundable.
We reserve the right to change the Subscription Fees at any time, upon notice to Customer if such change may affect Customer's existing subscriptions upon renewal.
In the event of failure to collect the Fees owed by Customer, we may, at our sole discretion (but shall not be obligated to) retry to collect at a later time, and/or suspend or cancel the Account, without notice.
9.4.
Taxes.
The Subscription Fees are exclusive of any and all taxes (including without limitation, value added tax), levies, or duties, which may be imposed in respect of these Terms and the purchase or sale, of the Service hereunder (the “Taxes”), except for Taxes imposed on our income.
If Customer is located in a jurisdiction which requires Customer to deduct or withhold Taxes or other amounts from any amounts due to us, please notify us, in writing, promptly and we shall join efforts to avoid any such Tax withholding, provided, however, that in any case, Customer shall bear the sole responsibility and liability to pay such Tax and such Tax should be deemed as being added on top of the Subscription Fees, payable by Customer.
9.5.
Subscription Upgrade.
During the Subscription Term, Customer may upgrade its Subscription Plan by either: (i) adding Authorized Users.
(ii) upgrading to a higher type of Subscription Plan.
(iii) adding add-on features and functionalities.
and/or (iv) upgrading to a longer Subscription Term (collectively, “Subscription Upgrades”).
Some Subscription Upgrades or other changes may be considered as a new purchase, hence will restart the Subscription Term and some won't, as indicated within the Service and/or the Order Form.
Upon a Subscription Upgrade, Customer will be billed for the applicable increased amount of Subscription Fees, at our then-current rates (unless indicated otherwise in an Order Form), either: (1) prorated for the remainder of the then-current Subscription Term, or (2) whenever the Subscription Term is being restarted due to the Subscription Upgrade, then the Subscription Fees already paid by Customer will be reduced from the new upgraded Subscription Fees, and the difference shall be due and payable by Customer upon the date on which the Subscription Upgrade was made.
9.6.
Adding Users.
Unless agreed otherwise in an Order Form, any changes to the number of Users within a certain Account, shall be billed on a prorated basis for the remainder of the then-current Subscription Term.
We will bill Customer, either upon the Users Increase or at the end of the applicable month, as communicated to Customer (whether Online or Offline).
9.7.
Excessive Usage.
We shall have the right, including without limitation where we, at our sole discretion, believe that Customer and/or any of its Users, have misused the Service or otherwise use the Service in an excessive manner compared to the anticipated standard use (at our sole discretion), to offer the Subscription in different pricing and/or impose additional restrictions as for the upload, storage, download and use of the Service.
9.8.
Billing.
As part of registering, or submitting billing information, to the Service, Customer agrees to provide us with updated, accurate and complete billing information, and Customer authorizes us (either directly or through our affiliates, subsidiaries or other third parties) to charge, request and collect payment (or otherwise charge, refund or take any other billing actions) from Customer's payment method or designated banking account, and to make any inquiries that we may consider necessary to validate Customer's designated payment account or financial information, in order to ensure prompt payment, including for the purpose of receiving updated payment details from Customer's credit card company or banking account (e.g., updated expiry date or card number as may be provided to us by Customer's credit card company).
9.9.
Subscription Auto-Renewal.
In order to ensure that Customer will not experience any interruption or loss of services, Customer's Subscription includes an automatic renewal option by default, according to which, the Subscription will automatically renew upon the end of the then applicable Subscription Term, for a renewal period equal in time to the original Subscription Term (excluding extended periods) and, unless otherwise notified to Customer, at the same price (subject to applicable Tax changes and excluding any discount or other promotional offer provided for the first Subscription Term).
Accordingly, unless either Customer or us cancel the Subscription prior to its expiration, we will attempt to automatically charge Customer the applicable Subscription Fees upon or immediately prior to the expiration of the then applicable Subscription Term.
If Customer wishes to avoid such auto-renewal, Customer shall cancel its Subscription, prior to its expiration, at any time through the Account settings or by contacting our us.
Except as expressly set forth in these Terms, in case a Customer cancels its Subscription, during a Subscription Term, the Subscription will not renew for an additional period, but Customer will not be refunded or credited for any unused period within the Subscription Term.
9.10.
Discounts and Promotions.
Unless expressly stated otherwise in a separate legally binding agreement, if Customer received a special discount or other promotional offer, Customer acknowledges that upon renewal of its Subscription, Vee will renew such Subscription, at the full applicable Subscription Fee at the time of renewal.
10.
Chargeback.
Chargeback.
If, at any time, we record a decline, chargeback or other rejection of a charge of any due and payable Subscription Fees on Customer's Account (“Chargeback”), this will be considered as a breach of Customer's payment obligations hereunder, and Customer's use of the Service may be disabled or terminated and such use of the Service will not resume until Customer re-subscribes for any such Service, and pay any applicable Subscription Fees in full, including any fees and expenses incurred by us and/or any Third Party Service for each Chargeback received (including handling and processing charges and fees incurred by the payment processor), without derogating from any other remedy that may be applicable to us under these Terms or applicable law.
11.
Released Services.
9.1.
1.
2.
2.1.
Trial Service.
We may offer, from time to time, part or all of our Services on a free, no-obligation trial version (“Trial Service”).
The term of the Trial Service shall be as communicated to you, within the Service, in an Order Form, unless terminated earlier by either Customer or us, for any reason or for no reason.
We reserve the right to modify, cancel and/or limit this Trial Service at any time and without liability or explanation to you.
2.2.
Free Version Service.
We may offer, from time to time, free version of our Service to certain Customers (“Free Version Service”).
The term of the Free Version Service shall be as communicated to you, within the Service, in an Order Form, unless terminated earlier by either Customer or us, for any reason or for no reason.
We reserve the right to modify, cancel and/or limit this Free Version Service at any time and without liability or explanation to you.
2.3.
Pre-Released Services.
Note that we may offer, from time to time, certain Services in an Alpha or Beta versions (the “Pre-Released Services”) and we use best endeavors to identify such Pre-Released Services as such.
Pre-Released Services are Services that are still under development, and as such they may be inoperable or incomplete, and may contain bugs, suffer disruptions and/or not operate as intended and designated, more than usual.
2.4.
Governing Terms of Trial Service, Free Version Service, and Pre-Released Services.
The Trial Service, Free Version Service, and Pre-Released Services are governed by these Terms, provided that notwithstanding anything in these Terms or elsewhere to the contrary, in respect of Trial Service, Free Version Service, and Pre-Released Services (i) such services are licensed hereunder on as “As-Is”, “With All Faults” “As Available” basis, with no warranties, express or implied, of any kind.
(ii) the indemnity undertaking by us set forth in Section 16.2 herein shall not apply.
and (iii) IN NO EVENT SHALL THE TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF VEE, ITS AFFILIATES OR ITS THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS, UNDER, OR OTHERWISE IN CONNECTION WITH, THESE TERMS (INCLUDING THE SITES, THE SERVICE AND THE THIRD PARTY SERVICES), EXCEED US$100.
We make no promises that any Trial Service and/or any Free Version Service and/or Pre-Released Services will be made available to you and/or generally available.
12.
Term and Termination.
Suspension.
3.
3.1.
Term.
These Terms are in full force and effect, commencing upon the Effective Date, until the end of the Service underlying the Account, either paid or unpaid, unless terminated otherwise in accordance with these Terms.
3.2.
Termination for Cause.
Either Customer or us may terminate the Service and these Terms, upon written notice, in case that (a) the other party is in material breach of these Terms and to the extent, curable, fails to cure such breach, within a reasonable cure period, which shall not be less than 10 days following a written notice from by the non-breaching party.
or (b) ceases its business operations or becomes subject to insolvency proceedings and the proceedings are not dismissed within 45 days.
3.3.
Termination by Customer.
Customer may terminate its Subscription to the Service by cancelling the Service, whereby such termination shall not derogate from Customer's obligation to pay applicable Subscription Fees.
Unless mutually agreed otherwise by Customer and us in a written instrument, the effective date of such termination will take effect at the end of the then-current Subscription Term, and Customer's obligation to pay the Subscription Fees throughout the end of such Subscription Term shall remain in full force and effect, and Customer shall not be entitled to a refund for any pre-paid Subscription Fees.
3.4.
Effect of Termination of Service.
Upon termination or expiration of these Terms, Customer's Subscription and all rights granted to you hereunder shall terminate.
In the event that Customer did not delete the Customer Data from the Account, we may continue to store and host it until either Customer or we, at our sole discretion, delete such Customer Data.
We are not under any obligation to maintain any kind of Customer Data, and Vee reserve its rights to delete it whenever under termination of the Service.
Customer acknowledges the foregoing and its sole responsibility to export and/or delete the Customer Data prior to the termination or expiration of these Terms, and therefore we shall not have any liability either to Customer, nor to any User or third party, in connection thereto.
Unless expressly indicated herein otherwise, the termination or expiration of these Terms shall not relieve Customer from its obligation to pay due Subscription Fees.
3.5.
Survival.
Section 2.6 (Responsibility for Authorized Users), 3 (Customer Data), 4 (Public User Submissions), 5 (Intellectual Property Rights.
License), 6 (Use Restriction), 7 (Privacy), 8 (Third Party Services), 9 (Subscription Term, Renewal and Fees Payment) in respect of unpaid Subscription Fees, 11.4 (Governing Terms of Trial Services, Free Version Services, and Pre-Released Services), 12 (Term and Termination.
Suspension), 13 (Confidentiality), 14 (Warranty Disclaimer), 15 (Limitations of Liability), 17 (Indemnification), and 22 (General Provisions), shall survive the
termination or expiration of these Terms, and continue to be in force and effect in accordance with their applicable terms.
3.6.
Suspension.
Without derogating from our termination rights above, we may decide to temporarily suspend the Account and/or a User Profile (including any access thereto) and/or our Service, in the following events: (i) we believe, at our sole discretion, that you or any third party, are using the Service in a manner that may impose a security risk, may cause harm to us or any third party, and/or may raise any liability for us or any third party.
(ii) we believe, at our sole discretion, that you or any third party, are using the Service in breach of these Terms or applicable Law.
(iii) Customer's payment obligations, in accordance with these Terms, are or are likely to become, overdue.
or (iv) Customer's or any of its Users' breach of the Use Restrictions (see Section 6 above).
The afore-mentioned suspension rights are in addition to any remedies that may be available to us in accordance with these Terms and/or applicable Law.
13.
Confidentiality.
4.
4.1.
Confidential Information.
In connection with these Terms and the Service (including the evaluation thereof), each party (“Disclosing Party”) may disclose non-public business, product, technology and marketing information, including without limitation, customers lists and information, know-how, software and any other non-public information that is either identified as such or should reasonably be understood to be confidential given the nature of the information and the circumstances of disclosure, whether disclosed prior or after the Effective Date (the “Confidential Information”) to the other party (“Receiving Party”).
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) Customer Data is regarded as Customer's Confidential Information, and (ii) our Site, Service, Trial Service, Free Version Service ,and/or Pre-Released Services, inclusive of their underlying technology, and their respective performance information, as well as any data, reports and materials we provided to you in connection with your evaluation or use of the Service, are regarded as our Confidential Information.
Confidential Information does not include information that (a) is or becomes generally available to the public without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party.
(b) was known to the Receiving Party prior to its disclosure by the Disclosing Party without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party.
(c) is received from a third party without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party.
or (d) was independently developed by the Receiving Party without any use or reference to the Confidential Information.
4.2.
Confidentiality Undertakings by the Receiving Party.
The Receiving Party will (i) take at least reasonable measures to prevent the unauthorized disclosure or use of Confidential Information, and limit access to those employees, affiliates, service providers and agents, on a need to know basis and who are bound by confidentiality obligations at least as restrictive as those contained herein.
and (ii) not use or disclose any Confidential Information to any third party, except as part of its performance under these Terms and as required to be disclosed to legal or financial advisors to the Receiving Party or in connection with a due diligence process that the Receiving Party is undergoing, provided that any such disclosure shall be governed by confidentiality obligations at least as restrictive as those contained herein.
4.3.
Compelled Disclosure.
Notwithstanding the above, Confidential Information may be disclosed pursuant to the order or requirement of a court, administrative agency or other governmental body.
provided, however, that to the extent legally permissible, the Receiving Party shall make best efforts to provide prompt written notice of such court order or requirement to the Disclosing Party to enable the Disclosing Party to seek a protective order or otherwise prevent or restrict such disclosure.
14.
Warranty Disclaimer.
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING IN THESE TERMS OR ELSEWERE TO THE CONTRARY AND TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW:
5.
5.1.
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH HEREIN, THE SERVICE ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS”, “WITH ALL FAULTS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND.
WE AND OUR AFFILIATES, SUBCONTRACTORS, AGENTS AND VENDORS (INCLUDING, THE THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS), HEREBY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES AND/OR REPRESENTATIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FUNCTIONALITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY.
5.2.
WE AND OUR VENDORS DO NOT WARRANT, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION THAT THE SERVICE, INCLUDING THE ACCESS THERETO AND USE THEREOF, WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURED, ERROR FREE, THAT DATA WON'T BE LOST, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE SITES AND/OR SERVICE ARE FREE FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL CODE.
WE AND OUR VENDORS FURTHER DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY DELAYS, FAILURES, INTERCEPTION, ALTERATION, LOSS, OR OTHER DAMAGES THAT YOU AND/OR YOUR DATA (INCLUDING CUSTOMER DATA) MAY SUFFER, THAT ARE BEYOND OUR CONTROL.
5.3.
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH HEREIN, WE DO NOT WARRANT, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION (I) THAT OUR SERVICE (OR ANY PORTION THEREOF) IS COMPLETE, ACCURATE, OF ANY CERTAIN QUALITY, RELIABLE, SUITABLE FOR, OR COMPATIBLE WITH, ANY OF YOUR CONTEMPLATED ACTIVITIES, DEVICES, OPERATING SYSTEMS, BROWSERS, SOFTWARE OR TOOLS (OR THAT IT WILL REMAIN AS SUCH AT ANY TIME), OR COMPLY WITH ANY LAWS APPLICABLE TO YOU.
AND/OR (II) REGARDING ANY CONTENT, INFORMATION, REPORTS OR RESULTS THAT YOU OBTAIN THROUGH THE SERVICE.
15.
Limitation of Liability.
THE FOLLOWING PROVISIONS SHALL NOT APPLY TO USERS AND/OR CUSTOMERS USING THE TRIAL SERVICE, FREE VERSION AND PRE-RELEASED SERVICES, FOR WHICH THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 11.4 (GOVERNING TERMS OF TRIAL SERVICE, FREE VERSION SERVICE, AND PRE-RELEASED SERVICES) SHALL CONTINUE TO APPLY.
6.
6.1.
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING IN THESE TERMS OR ELSEWERE TO THE CONTRARY AND TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY HERETO AND ITS AFFILIATES, SUBCONTRACTORS, AGENTS AND VENDORS (INCLUDING, THE THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS), BE LIABLE UNDER, OR OTHERWISE IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS FOR (I) ANY INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES.
(II) ANY LOSS OF PROFITS, COSTS, ANTICIPATED SAVINGS.
(III) ANY LOSS OF, OR DAMAGE TO DATA, USE, BUSINESS, REPUTATION, REVENUE OR GOODWILL.
AND/OR (IV) THE FAILURE OF SECURITY MEASURES AND PROTECTIONS, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR UNDER ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES IN ADVANCE, AND EVEN IF A REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
6.2.
EXCEPT FOR THE INDEMNITY OBLIGATIONS OF EITHER PARTY UNDER SECTION 17 (INDEMNIFICATION) HEREIN, YOUR PAYMENT OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER OR BREACH OF The USE RESTRICTIONS BY EITHER YOU OR IN CASE OF A CUSTOMER, ANY OF THE USERS UNDERLYING ITS ACCOUNT, IN NO EVENT SHALL
THE TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF EITHER PARTY, ITS AFFILIATES, SUBCONTRACTORS, AGENTS AND VENDORS (INCLUDING, THE ITS THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS), UNDER, OR OTHERWISE IN CONNECTION WITH, THESE TERMS (INCLUDING THE SERVICE), EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF FEES ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU (IF ANY) DURING THE 12 CONSECUTIVE MONTHS PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY.
THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IS CUMULATIVE AND NOT PER INCIDENT.
16.
Specific Laws.
Reasonable Allocation of Risks.
7.
7.1.
Specific Laws.
Except as expressly stated in these Terms, we make no representations or warranties that your use of the Service is appropriate in your jurisdiction.
Other than as indicated herein, you are responsible for your compliance with any local and/or specific applicable Laws, as applicable to your use of the Service.
7.2.
Reasonable Allocation of Risks.
You hereby acknowledge and confirm that the limitations of liability and warranty disclaimers contained in these Terms are agreed upon by you and us and we both find such limitations and allocation of risks to be commercially reasonable and suitable for our engagement hereunder, and both you and us have relied on these limitations and risk allocation in determining whether to enter these Terms.
17.
Indemnification.
8.
8.1.
By Customer.
Customer hereby agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Vee and its affiliates, officers, directors, employees and agents from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, liabilities, losses, reasonable expenses or costs (collectively, “Losses”) incurred as a result of any third party claim arising from (i) Customer's and/or any of its Users', violation of these Terms or applicable Law.
and/or (ii) Customer Data, including the use of Customer Data by Vee and/or any of its subcontractors, infringes or violates, any third party's rights, including, without limitation, intellectual property, privacy and/or publicity rights.
8.2.
By Vee.
Vee hereby agrees to defend Customer, its affiliates, officers, directors, and employees, in and against any third party claim or demand against Customer, alleging that Customer's authorized use of the Service infringes or constitutes misappropriation of any third party's copyright, trademark or registered US patent (the “IP Claim”), and we will indemnify Customer and hold Customer harmless against any damages and costs finally awarded on such IP Claim by a court of competent jurisdiction or agreed to via settlement we agreed upon, including reasonable attorneys' fees.
Vee's indemnity obligations under this Section 17 shall not apply if: (i) the Service (or any portion thereof) was modified by Customer or any of its Users or any third party, but solely to the extent the IP Claim would have been avoided by not doing such modification.
(ii) if the Service is used in combination with any other service, device, software or products, including, without limitation, Third Party Services, but solely to the extent that such IP Claim would have been avoided without such combination.
and/or (ii) any IP Claim arising or related to, the Customer Data or to any events giving rise to Customer's indemnity obligations under Section 17.1 above.
Without derogating from the foregoing defense and indemnification obligation, if Vee believes that the Service, or any part thereof, may so infringe, then Vee may in its sole discretion: (i) obtain (at no additional cost to you) the right to continue to use the Service.
(ii) replace or modify the allegedly infringing part of the Service so that it becomes non-infringing while giving substantially equivalent performance.
or (iii) if Vee determines that the foregoing remedies are not reasonably available, then Vee may require that use of the (allegedly) infringing Service (or part thereof) shall cease and in such an event, Customer shall receive a prorated refund of any Subscription Fees paid for the unused portion of the Subscription Term.
THIS SECTION 17.2 STATES VEE'S SOLE AND ENTIRE LIABILITY AND
YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, FOR ANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT OR MISAPPROPRIATION BY VEE AND/OR ITS SERVICE AND UNDERLYING TECHNOLOGY.
18.
Open Source Components within Our Service
Our Service may include third party components (such as software, codes, and files) that are subject to third party open source license terms (the “Open Source Components” and the “Open Source Terms”, respectively).
Users right to use the Open Source Components as part of, or in connection with, the Service is subject to any applicable acknowledgements and license terms accompanying such Open Source Components, contained therein or related thereto.
If there is a conflict between the licensing terms of such Open Source Components and these Terms, the licensing terms of the Open Source Components shall prevail in connection with the related Open Source Components.
These Terms do not apply to any Open Source Components accompanying or contained in the Service and Vee disclaims all liability related thereto.
You acknowledge that Vee is not the author, owner or licensor of any Open Source Components, and that Vee makes no warranties or representations, express or implied, as to the quality, capabilities, operations, performance or suitability of Open Source Components.
Under no circumstances shall the Service or any portion thereof (except for the Open Source Components contained therein) be deemed to be “open source“ or “publicly available“ software.
19.
Export Controls.
The Service may be subject to Israeli, U.S.
or foreign export controls, Laws and regulations (the “Export Controls”), and you acknowledge and confirm that: (i) you are not located or use, export, re-export or import the Service (or any portion thereof) in or to, any person, entity, organization, jurisdiction or otherwise, in violation of the Export Controls.
(ii) Customer is solely responsible for complying with applicable Export Controls which may impose additional restrictions, prohibitions or requirements on the use, export, re-export or import of the Services and/or the Customer Data.
and (iii) Customer Data is not controlled under the U.S.
International Traffic in Arms Regulations or similar Laws in other jurisdictions, or otherwise requires any special permission or license, in respect of its use, import, export or re-export hereunder.
20.
Modifications.
Occasionally we may make changes to these Terms for valid reasons, such as adding new functions or features to the Service, technical adjustments, typos or error fixing, for legal or regulatory reasons or for any other reasons as we deem necessary, at our sole discretion.
When we make material changes to these Terms, we'll provide Customer with notice as appropriate under the circumstances, e.g., by displaying a prominent notice within the Service or by sending Customer an email.
Your continued use of the Service after the changes have been implemented will constitute your acceptance of the changes.
21.
Advertisement.
By approving this Terms, User also approves receipt of instructional, advertisement, and promotional materials with respect to the Services through any media.
Users may revoke their consent in the manner specified in each correspondence or by notifying Vee of their revocation at the following e-mail address: support@veeteam.co.
22.
General Provisions.
9.
10.
11.
12.
13.
13.1.
Force Majeure.
Neither us nor you will be liable by reason of any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations on account of events beyond the reasonable control of a party, which may include denial-of-service attacks, interruption or failure of the Internet or any utility service, failures in third-party hosting services, strikes, shortages, riots, fires, acts of God, war, terrorism, and governmental action.
13.2.
Governing Law.
Any disputes or claims arising out of or in connection with this Terms and/or the Service, will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Israel, excluding its conflict of law principles.
The parties irrevocably agree that the competent courts of Tel Aviv Israel shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes or claims arising out of or in connection with this Terms and/or the Service.
13.3.
Entire Terms.
This Terms (including all attachments, exhibits, addendums, any Order Form(s) and any polices refereed to herein), constitutes the entire agreement between the parties regarding the use of the Service, and supersedes any previous arrangement, understanding, representations or agreement between the parties, written or oral, relating thereto.
To the extent of any conflict or inconsistency between the provisions of the Terms and any Order Form, the Terms shall prevail.
13.4.
Relationship of the Parties.
No Third Party Beneficiaries.
The parties are independent contractors.
These Terms and the Service provided hereunder, do not create a partnership, franchise, joint venture, agency, fiduciary or employment relationship between the parties.
There are no third party beneficiaries to these Terms.
13.5.
Notice.
Any required or permitted notices hereunder must be given in writing (a) if to Vee, by e-mail to the following address: support@veeteam.co by registered, express, or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid.
or nationally-recognized private express courier.
and (b) if to User by e-mail to the e-mail address with which User registered for the Services.
Notices will be deemed given within 1 business day from the delivery date if sent by e-mail, and within 5 business days from the delivery date if sent by other methods permitted herein.
13.6.
Assignment.
These Terms, and any and all rights and obligations hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you without our written approval, provided that you may assign these Terms to your successor entity or person, resulting from a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or substantially all of your assets or voting rights, except for an assignment to a competitor of Vee, and provided that you provide us with prompt written notice of such assignment and the respective assignee agrees, in writing, to assume all of your obligations under these Terms.
We may assign our rights and/or obligations hereunder and/or transfer ownership rights and title in the Service to a third party without your consent or prior notice to you.
Subject to the foregoing conditions, these Terms shall bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their respective successors, and permitted assigns.
Any assignment not authorized under this Section 22.7 shall be null and void.
13.7.
Severability.
These Terms shall be enforced to the fullest extent permitted under applicable Law.
If any provision of these Terms is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be contrary to law, the provision will be modified by the court and interpreted so as best to accomplish the objectives of the original provision to the fullest extent permitted by law, and the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect.
13.8.
No Waiver.
No failure or delay by either party in exercising any right under these Terms will constitute a waiver of that right.
No waiver under these Terms will be effective unless made in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the party being deemed to have granted the waiver.
Last update: November 15, 2020
