
Welcome to https://veloady.com/!
Who we are
Our website address is: https://veloady.com/.
Contents [show]

1 Who we are
2 What personal data we collect and why we collect it
3 Our Advertising Partners
4 Privacy Policies
5 Third Party Privacy Policies
6 Children’s Information
7 Online Privacy Policy Only
8 GDPR Data Protection Rights
 What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it.
The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/.
After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included.
Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Cookies
Like any other website, https://veloady.com/ uses ‘cookies’.
These cookies are used to store information including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited.
The information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors’ browser type and/or other information.
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies.
These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment.
These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies.
This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices.
Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year.
If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks.
If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser.
This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited.
It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g.
videos, images, articles, etc.).
Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
At https://veloady.com/, accessible from https://veloady.com/, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors.
This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by https://veloady.com/ and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Log Files
https://veloady.com/ follows a standard procedure of using log files.
These files log visitors when they visit websites.
All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics.
The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks.
These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Our Advertising Partners
Some of advertisers on our site may use cookies and web beacons.
Our advertising partners are listed below.
Each of our advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their policies on user data.
For easier access, we hyperlinked to their Privacy Policies below.

Google (https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads)
Amazon (https://affiliate-program.amazon.com/)

Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of https://veloady.com/.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on https://veloady.com/, which are sent directly to users’ browser.
They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs.
These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that https://veloady.com/ has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Party Privacy Policies
https://veloady.com/’s Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites.
Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information.
It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.
You may find a complete list of these Privacy Policies and their links here: Privacy Policy Links.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options.
To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
What Are Cookies?
Children’s Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet.
We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
https://veloady.com/ does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13.
If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in https://veloady.com/.
This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
GDPR Data Protection Rights
We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights.
Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access – You have the right to request copies of your personal data.
We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate.
You also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
