
         Privacy Statement
(Last updated Jan 30, 2020)
 Your privacy is very important to us.

The Versatackle LLC (Versatackle) Websites consisting of versatackle.com are operated by Versatackle or its suppliers (the “Websites”).
This Privacy Statement applies to the Website you are currently viewing and describes what information is collected and used on this Website.
By using the Websites, you consent to the data practices described in this Statement.
Collection of Your Personal Information
The use of the Websites does not require you to disclose any personal information.
However, the sites may offer you the opportunity to register for an account, which permits you to use additional features offered on the Websites, for example Communities, Forums, and a Store.
Should you choose to register for an account you will be asked for personal information such as your name and e-mail address.
You may also be asked for additional personal information should you choose to subscribe to newsletters or other features.
If you are a subscriber of the versatackle.com site, your chosen handle(s), nickname(s), and profile may be displayed on versatackle.com.
and if you use a chat feature your online presence may be visible to those on your friends list.


Versatackle may collect information about your visit, including the pages you view, the links you click, and other actions taken within the site.
We also collect certain standard information that your browser sends to every website you visit, such as your IP address, browser type and language, access times, and referring Website addresses.
Use of Your Personal Information

Versatackle uses the personal information it collects on the Sites to operate the sites and deliver the services you have requested.
For example, when you subscribe to a newsletter, we use your e-mail address to send you the newsletter(s) you have requested.
If you choose to enter your name and postal address, we will use that information for future mailings from Versatackle about Versatackle news and promotions.
We use geographical location to determine what localized information Versatackle should provide customers.

We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as sending newsletters, answering customer questions, fulfilling requests, performing statistical analysis of our services, or for the purpose of enforcing the Terms of Use terms.
We will provide those companies only the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.

Versatackle may disclose your personal information, without notice if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Versatackle, or its suppliers and publishers.
(b) protect and defend the rights or property of Versatackle or its suppliers and publishers.
and, (c) protect the personal safety of Versatackle employees or agents, users of Versatackle products or services, or members of the public, and (d) protect the integrity of the online community on the Website.
Personal information that you provide on versatackle.com may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Versatackle or its affiliates, subsidiaries, suppliers, publishers, or agents maintain facilities.
By using the Websites, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.

Versatackle keeps track of the pages on this Website that our customers visit, in order to determine which areas of the site are the most popular.
This data is used to deliver customized content within Versatackle to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Control of Your Personal Information
You may unsubscribe to newsletters by following the instructions in the newsletter you receive.
If your e-mail address has changed and you would like to continue to receive newsletters, you will need to sign up again for the newsletter on this Website with your new e-mail address.

versatackle.com may send out periodic e-mails informing you of technical service issues, product surveys, new feature announcements, and other news about Versatackle and other related products and services.
These e-mails are considered essential to the provision of the service you have requested.
You may not be able to choose to unsubscribe to these mailings, if they are considered a part of the service you have chosen.
Please be aware that this Privacy Statement and the choices you make on this site may not apply to personal information you may have provided to Versatackle in the context of other, separately operated, Versatackle products or services.
Security of Your Personal Information

Versatackle is committed to protecting the security of your personal information.
We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer servers with limited access that are located in controlled facilities.
If you choose to create a profile on a Website you will be required to select a password.
This password can be changed once you have logged into the service.
It is your responsibility to keep your password confidential.
Do not share this information with anyone.
If you are sharing a computer with anyone you should always choose to log out before leaving the Website to protect access to your information from subsequent users.
Use of Cookies

Versatackle uses cookies to help you personalize your online experience.
A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server.
Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can be read only by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time.
The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page, so that when you visit the site again, the experience will be personalized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies.
Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
If you choose to set your computer to accept cookies from the Websites, you may also to choose to be logged into the site automatically.
You may also select your default home page.
This selection is stored in a cookie.
If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Websites or the other Websites you visit.
Communities and Forums Offered on This Website
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Communities, Forums, Messages, or other public online forums, this information may be collected and used by others.
We recommend that you be cautious in giving out personal information to others in these public online forums.
Changes to This Statement
This Privacy Statement applies only to the Websites and not other companies or organizations to which we may provide links from this Website.
Versatackle will occasionally update this Privacy Statement.
When we do, we will also revise the "last updated" date at the top of the privacy statement.
For material changes to this Statement, Versatackle will notify you by placing prominent notice on the Website.
We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Statement to be informed of how Versatackle is protecting your information.
Contact Information

Versatackle welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Statement.
If at any time you believe that the Websites have not adhered to this Privacy Statement, please notify us and we will use all commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and correct the problem.
If you have questions regarding this statement or require additional information, please contact us.

Versatackle Privacy Coordinator 1249 5th Ave N, Apt CSeattle, WA 98109 

