
        What are cookies?A cookie is a small text file that’s placed and stored on your computer, mobile or other device by websites that you visit.
Cookies are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, and also to provide information on visitor behaviour (you) to the website owner (us).
For further information on the use of cookies visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.Session cookiesThese are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your device’s browser until you close the browser.
They can enable certain site functionality and are also used by the server to store/remember information about your web page activities so your information can be stored throughout an online web process e.g.
to allow info to be carried across pages of a website to avoid having to re-enter information.Persistent cookiesThese are cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser for much longer (how long depends on the lifetime of the specific cookie).
Generally speaking, persistent cookies can be used to track website visits, including returning and unique visitors, and to monitor how people interact with a website.
They can also be used to help arrange content to match preferred interests/preferences more quickly e.g.
language settings, however, these cookies cannot be used by themselves to identify you.How do we use cookies?We use cookies for a number of reasons, including:

Enabling users to obtain quotes from our website (session cookie);
Ensuring the security of our customers (session cookie);
Making possible certain site functionality (session cookie).
and
Website traffic and visitor behaviour tracking (persistent cookie).
Helping us target and personalise our online marketing by collecting anonymous data about our visitors and their website use (persistent cookie)

The session cookies that we use are strictly necessary for the website to operate and are essential to make possible certain site functionality, including obtaining a quote and also to protect the security of our customers.
You must have session cookies enabled if you wish to get a quote online or access any areas of the website reserved for registered users.
Session cookies do not hold personal information.
The persistent cookies used on this website help us to improve the user experience of the site by giving us an insight into how it is being used.
These include Google Marketing Platform cookies, which are used to compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how users use our website and to help us improve the site structure.
You can remove persistent cookies by following the directions provided in your internet browser’s ‘help’ file.What cookies do we use and why?
      