
        VG INSIGHTS TERMS OF SERVICEServices VG Insights provides free and premium services to its visitors.
Some content is available only for paid subscribers.
Business tier subscribers have the ability to also download large datasets as xlsx files.
Ownership of data and rights Unless explicitly stated otherwise VG Insights only provides multi-client services and no single client has exclusive rights in relation to any data, reports or insight that are part of the products and services provided by VG Insights.
All materials generated by VG Insights remains solely the property of VG Insights.
Permitted use and publication of data Any data, report, or insight provided by VG Insights to a subscribed client is for internal use by employees of the client only.
This also applies to any custom reports provided to clients, which will be made available as digital files only.
The limitations do not apply to analysis that we provide for free to guests and free users.
Clients shall refrain from disclosing to third parties, in any manner whatsoever, any of VG Insights' data, insights or reports unless permission is granted by VG Insights beforehand.
Please contact us at support@vginsights.com should you wish to do so.

 Publication of any data is not allowed without the prior written consent of VG Insights.
Authorization will only be considered if only selected data points are used, VG Insights has ample time for inspection and approval, and clear references to VG Insights are included.
VG Insights reserves the right to deny permission for publication at its sole discretion.
Account usage All paid accounts are to be used by one individual only, unless specifically stated otherwise by VG Insights.
Account sharing is prohibited.
The exception to this is unlimited accounts agreement for enterprise solutions.
Limitations on third party use Only you are permitted to access or use the Software.
You shall not license, sublicense, sell, resell, market, lease, loan, rent, transfer, assign, distribute, disclose, or make accessible to any third party, or allow any third party to analyze or access the information provided by the Software, or otherwise commercially exploit the Software or grant any right to access or use the Software to any third party.
Journalistic coverage The use of VG Insights data for journalistic purposes, including articles, news, blogs and reports is allowed and encouraged as long as VG Insights is properly referenced.
Payment Unless Parties agreed otherwise in writing, clients are required to settle the entire invoiced amount prior to being given access to any product or the commencement of any services.
All prices mentioned are stated exclusive of value-added tax.
No guarantees VG Insights uses third-party suppliers and applications, often internet enabled.
VG Insights can therefore not guarantee the continuous availability of such third-party services.
VG Insights will inform clients as soon as possible in the event third-party services become (temporarily) unavailable.

 While VG Insights will do its best to provide the most accurate data available, we cannot guarantee the accuracy of all data coming from third parties.
This might be due to mis-tagging or mis-reporting of data and VG Insights will adjust and fix the issues when highlighted to us.
Limitation of liability VG Insights hereby declines any and all liability for damage, consequential loss and/or indirect loss owing to the use of VG Insights’ data and services.
VG Insights’ liability will, in any event, be capped at the amount it has received from a client in the six months preceding a claim.
Termination A client may terminate the Client Agreement at any moment, but will under no circumstances be entitled to a refund.
VG Insights is authorized to dis¬solve the Client Agreement extrajudicially either in whole or in part, without service of notice of default or judi¬cial interposition being required, in any one of the following scenarios: (a) that of the client either in whole or in part transferring, winding up, or closing down or discontinuing (parts of) its business or its business operations.
(b) that of (impending) breach of contract on the client’s part.
(c) that of the client applying for bankruptcy or (provisional) moratorium of payment, being declared bankrupt, or similar.

