
         This site uses cookies to provide you with a great user experience.
To find out more, read our cookie policy.
OK









 Cookies Policy  What are cookies and how do we use them
Like most websites you visit, our website uses cookies and other similar technologies to distinguish you from other users of our website.
This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website (such as storing and managing user preferences) and to improve the services we provide to you.
Our website also uses cookies to deliver targeted advertising, enable functions of the website, and gather analytic and user data.
By using our website (through any device) you agree that this Cookies Policy, together with our Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions, applies to your use.
 Cookies and related technologies
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website.
Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie.
Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user’s device and to remember your actions and preferences (such as login details, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time.


Web beacons (also known as internet tags, pixel tags and clear GIFs) are a similar technology which typically uses transparent graphic images placed on a site to gather information about a user.
Web beacons are used in combination with cookies to measure the actions of visitors on websites.
We make use of both cookies and web beacons when you visit our website, and refer to the technologies together as “cookies” throughout this policy.
 First and Third Party Cookies
Cookies can be ‘first party’ or ‘third party’, depending on the website or domain placing the cookie.
On our website, first party cookies are cookies set by viagogo and information is collected and used by viagogo, in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Third party cookies are cookies that are set by a company other than viagogo, and information collected is controlled by that other company.
For more information on third party cookies used by viagogo, see the ‘”analytical cookies” and “advertising cookies” sections below.


We use cookies that only remain on your device for as long as you keep your browser active (session) and cookies that remain on your device for a longer period (persistent).
You are free to block, delete, or disable these technologies if your device allows this, although please be aware that if you do, some of the functionality of our website will be lost.
You can manage your cookies and your cookie preferences in your browser or device settings.


We rely on your consent to use first and third party cookies (except “strictly necessary cookies”, as described below).
You can refuse cookies at any time by changing your settings while entering a website or changing the cookie settings in your browser.


You can find more information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, at www.aboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu 


 Types of cookies used on this site
There are different types of cookies, and these different kinds of cookies serve different purposes for viagogo and the third parties who place cookies on our site.
Although these cookies mainly work in the same way there are some differences, and we’ve set out below the four categories of cookies we use on our website.




Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website.
They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, add items to your basket or to make payments via our website.
We do not require your consent in order to place these cookies, and they provide essential website functionality and without them, you would be unable to use our website and services.



Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you and choices you make when you return to our website.
This enables us to enhance and personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region and your log-in information).
When you first access our website, we ask for your consent to place functionality cookies on your device.




Analytical/performance cookies. These cookies allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it, including items that have been clicked on and the individual pages viewed.
This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
These cookies may be provided by our third party analytic provider, Google Analytics, but any information collected is only used by viagogo for purposes related to improving our website.
When you first access our website, we ask for your consent to place analytical/performance cookies on your device.



Advertising cookies. We allow third parties such as Google and Doubleclick by Google to place cookies on your device in order to show you online advertising on other (non-viagogo) websites that you visit.
These third parties will collect information about you (such as pages you have viewed and events you may be interested in) in order to select and serve relevant adverts to you.
The information collected by these advertising cookies will be controlled by the relevant third party and will not be provided to viagogo (except as part of statistical information we receive).



Further information about Google’s and Doubleclick’s use of cookies to deliver advertising content can be found on Google’s website here, and to opt-out of Google’s and Doubleclick’s use of cookies, you can control your Google advertising settings here.


Other third party advertising cookies are placed by Awin.com and, if using the Brazilian version of our website, Awin.com’s affiliate Zanox.br (further information on Awin.com’s use of cookies can be found in section 2.3 here).
If you are using the Japanese language versions of our website, additional cookies will be placed by A8.net.


When you first access our website, we ask for your consent to place advertising cookies on your device.
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use, the purposes for which we use them and the duration of the cookies we use here.

 How to control and delete cookies
When you first use our website, you will see a “pop up” cookies notice.
By using our website after accepting the cookies notice, or by browsing our website after you have been presented with this notice, you agree to us placing cookies on your device in accordance with the terms of this Cookies Policy.


The majority of web browsers accept cookies, but you can usually change the web browser’s settings to refuse new cookies, disable existing ones or simply let you know when new ones are sent to your device.
If you do not consent to our use of any of the cookies listed above, please disable them following the below instructions so that cookies from our website cannot be placed on your device.


In order to do this, follow the instructions provided by your browser (usually located within the “Help”, “Tools” or “Edit” facility).
Alternatively, you can visit www.aboutcookies.org for further information on how to change cookie settings across various browsers (e.g.
Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, Internet Explorer and Safari).
However, please be aware that, if you refuse or disable cookies, some of the website’s functionality may be lost.


For more information on how to opt-out of advertising cookies, you can follow the links in the ‘Advertising Cookies’ section above to the third party websites or you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page which provides an online tool for you to remove third party cookies placed by the Network Advertising Initiative’s members from your devices.
For analytics cookies provided by Google Analytics, you can install the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, which will prevent your browser from sending information to Google Analytics.


In addition, disabling a cookie or category of cookie does not delete the cookie from your device.
you will need to do this yourself from within your browser.
 Changes to our use of cookies
Any changes to our use of cookies for this website will be posted here and, if necessary, signposted from our web pages highlighting any changes.
 Contact Information
If you have any queries in relation to this notice or our use of cookies, please contact us at VGL Support Services Ireland Limited via privacyrequest@orders.viagogo.com.
 Table of cookies
Click here for a list of cookies. Regional Settings 


 Country: United States 


 Language: English (UK) 


 Currency: € Euro 
 More 
Help Centre
About Us
Corporate Service
Affiliates
Careers
How do I contact viagogo?
Event Organizers
 Stay Up to Date 












 Popular Events 
Elton John Tickets
Michael Buble Tickets
Rod Stewart Concert Tickets
Andrea Bocelli Tickets
The Masters Tickets
Emma Marrone Tickets
Festival Tomorrowland 2020 Tickets
Absinthe Tickets
Korn Tour 2021
Willie Nelson Concert Tickets
Thomas Rhett Tour 2021
Cole Swindell Tickets
Joe Bonamassa Tickets
Lil Pump Tickets
Lil Tjay Tour 2021
Pi'erre Bourne Tickets
Rolling Loud Tickets
Lil Baby Tour 2020
Roddy Ricch Tickets
Tyga Concert Tickets
Lil Durk Tickets
rico nasty Tour 2021
Soulja Boy Tickets
Young M.A Tour 2021
Chief Keef Tickets
 Copyright © viagogo Entertainment Inc 2020 Company Details Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy - : web5 : - 


 English (UK) 




 € 


 Recently Viewed 


 Sign Up 


 Log In


 Contact Us 
Sell Tickets
 New Customers 
Get personalised recommendations
Be the first to hear about special offers
Manage your purchases, listings or sales
 Sign Up with Email or Sign Up with Facebook Existing Customers Log In or Log In with Facebook 
      