
        1 ,Viasat Mobile Applications Privacy Notice,The following “Privacy Notice” explains Viasat, Inc.’s (“Viasat” “we” “our” “us”) data practices in ,connection with Viasat’s Internet mobile application and the Viasat Shield application (each the ,“Application” or collectively the “Applications”).
The Privacy Notice does not apply to any of our other ,products, services, when you contact us by mail or phone for customer service, or otherwise.
For our ,general subscriber privacy policies and for our other products and services click here.
Each of our products ,and services have their own privacy notices or policies.
,Information Collection and Sources ,When using an Application, we collect data associated with the operation of the Application, including ,information that can be used to personally identify you (“Personal Information”).
The information we ,collect includes the following: ,Any information you provide directly to Viasat through the Application, screens you visit within ,the Application, the duration you spend on a screen within the Application, unresponsive ,Application gestures, whether any Application failures occur, the mobile operating system you ,are using to access the Application (Android/iOS), whether you are using the Application over Wi-,Fi internet service or cellular data service, the city you are located in while using the Application, ,your use of any notifications associated with the Application, the Application version, your general ,Application usage habits, your media access control (MAC) address, how you have named your ,device, and your Viasat internet account number.
,Information about the performance of the Application.
Such as, if the Application crashes on you, ,we, or our Service Providers (as defined below), will receive crash reports that include data related ,to the incident that we use to evaluate the malfunction and attempt to correct the problem and ,improve our products and services.
,Information about your Wi-Fi router that is connected to Viasat Internet, such as, the Wi-Fi router ,host name, the device(s), device type, name, nickname, Internet Protocol (IP) address, the Media ,Access Control (MAC) address, the service set identifier (SSID) and vendor of each device ,connected to your Wi-Fi router, the breakdown of video activity versus other website activity of ,each device connected to your Wi-Fi router.
,If you are a Viasat Internet customer, information about your Viasat Internet service account, ,including, but not limited to, usage reset date, bill payment date, bill past due date, current and ,past invoices, fees processed, payment status (current, delinquent), services added or removed, ,status of your internet service account (active, disconnected, suspended), payment method ,expiration status, data usage, and status of service calls (scheduled, unscheduled).
,If you are a Viasat Shield user, information about malicious traffic your device may encounter, ,which may include websites you visit, as necessary for us to provide the Application services.
,Version 6 ,April 7, 2020 ,In addition, the Application may collect and use any information that you have already provided to Viasat ,in the establishment and use of any other service that you have with Viasat, such as, your Viasat account ,credentials, whether you have a valid payment method on file with Viasat, your payment history, including ,any amounts due to Viasat, your service plan and your data usage.
,How Do We Use Your Information? ,Viasat uses your Application data for the following business purposes: ,To operate and improve the Application.
,Operate the self-service tools provided to you through the Application, and improve Viasat’s ,awareness regarding your use of these self-service tools.
,Display the Viasat internet service plans available based on your location, and provide you offers ,associated with your Viasat internet service.
,To comply with the law, law enforcement or other legal process, and in response to a government ,request, or if we believe your actions are inconsistent with our terms of use, user agreements, ,applicable terms or policies.
and ,To protect the rights, property, life, health, security and safety of Viasat, the Application or its ,users, or any third party.
,We also may use your information for commercial purposes, including to provide you offers associated ,with your Viasat internet service.
,How Do We Share Your Information? ,We may share your Application data for the following business purposes: ,Our agents, vendors, consultants, and other service providers (collectively “Service Providers”) ,may receive, or be given access to your Application data in connection with their work on our ,behalf, provided however, we do not authorize our Service Providers to use your Application data ,that is Personal Information, or is tied to your Application or device, for purposes other than ,performing services for us or for you.
,To comply with the law, law enforcement or other legal process, and in response to a government ,request.
and ,If we believe your actions are inconsistent with our terms of use, user agreements, applicable ,terms or policies, or to protect the rights, property, life, health, security and safety of Viasat, the ,Application or its users, or any third party.
,In addition, as permitted by law, we may share your Application data with our related companies for their ,own business purposes not inconsistent with this Privacy Notice.
We also may share you information in ,connection with a proposed or actual merger, purchase, sale, joint venture, or any other type of ,Version 6 ,April 7, 2020 ,acquisition or business combination of all or any portion of Viasat’s assets, or transfer of all or a portion ,of Viasat’s business to another company.
,Third Party Services You Visit Or That Are Associated With The Application.
,The Application may include hyperlinks to, or include on or in connection with, the Application, websites, ,locations, platforms, technology, applications or services operated by third parties (“Third-Party ,Service(s)”).
Viasat is not responsible for and makes no representations regarding the policies or business ,practices of any third parties, including, without limitation, Third-Party Services associated with the ,Application or that you visit using the Application, and encourages you to familiarize yourself with and ,consult their privacy policies and terms of use.
,Data Security.
,Viasat has taken certain physical, administrative, and technical steps to safeguard the information we ,collect from and about you.
While we seek to ensure the integrity and security of our Application and ,systems, we cannot guarantee the security of the information, and we encourage you to take precautions ,to protect your Personal Information.
,You are responsible for maintaining the strict confidentiality of your account password, any site login or ,user ID information, and Viasat device credentials, and you shall be responsible for any access or use of ,the Application by you or any person or entity using your password, login or user ID, whether or not such ,access or use has been authorized by or on behalf of you.
,The Application is for the sole use of Viasat customers in managing their accounts and the products and ,service they receive.
If you choose to provide access to any of your account data to third parties, Viasat ,cannot be held responsible for any release of account or personal data that occurs as a result of the access ,that you provided to others.
,Your California Privacy Rights.
,California residents may request a list of all third parties to which we have disclosed certain information ,about you for the third party’s direct marketing purposes.
This Application does not currently disclose ,any information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
To make your request, send an email ,to privacy@viasat.com.
Viasat will respond to these requests within 30 days.
Requests that come to ,Viasat by other means may result in a delayed response.
,California residents also may exercise the following rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of ,2018: ,Up to two times each year, you may request that we disclose to you the categories and specific ,pieces of personal information that we have collected about you, the categories of sources from ,Version 6 ,April 7, 2020 ,which your personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting ,your personal information, the categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business ,purpose, the categories of third parties with whom we have shared your personal information, ,any categories of personal information about you that we sold, and the business or commercial ,purpose for selling your personal information, if applicable.
,You may request that we delete personal information that we have collected from you, subject ,to certain exceptions.
,To exercise your rights, you can contact us at privacy@viasat.com or by calling us at 1-855-463-9333.
If ,you exercise any of your rights, we will not discriminate against you, such as by denying you access to our ,services or restricting your access to products or services of a certain price or quality.
,For purposes of compliance with the California Consumer Privacy Act, we make the following disclosures: ,We collect the following categories of personal information: Identifiers, personal information ,described in Cal.
Civ.
Code 1798.80, internet or other electronic network activity information, ,characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, commercial ,information, and inferences drawn from the preceding categories of personal information.
,We disclose the following categories of personal information for a business purpose: Identifiers, ,personal information described in Cal.
Civ.
Code 1798.80, internet or other electronic network ,activity information.
,We do not sell your personal information.
,Changes to the Privacy Notice.
,Viasat may amend this Notice from time to time.
When we do, we will make the updated Policy available ,to you.
If we make any material changes in the way we use or disclose your Personal Information, we will ,provide you with appropriate notice.
,How to Contact Us? ,If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, please contact us at privacy@viasat.com.
,Last Updated: April 7, 2020 
      