
At Vice Media, we take information security seriously.
We want to encourage those who have discovered possible security vulnerabilities in our applications to disclose it to us in a responsible manner.

We will work with security researchers to validate and respond to vulnerabilities that are reported to us.
We won't take legal action against or suspend or terminate your account access provided you discover and report security vulnerabilities in accordance with this Responsible Disclosure Policy.
Vice Media reserves all of its legal rights in the event of any noncompliance.


Testing for security vulnerabilities

You may only test against an account for which you are the account owner or an agent authorized by the account owner to conduct such testing.


Vice Media prohibits the following types of research


Accessing, or attempting to access, data that does not belong to you
Executing, or attempting to execute, a denial of service attack
Sending, or attempting to send, unsolicited or unauthorized email, spam or other forms of unsolicited messages
Testing third party websites, applications or services that integrate with Vice Media
Knowingly posting, transmitting, uploading, linking to, sending or storing any malware, viruses or similar harmful software
Research conducted by minors, individuals on sanctions lists or individuals in countries on sanctions lists


Reporting potential vulnerabilities

Share the details of any suspected vulnerabilities with the Vice Media Security Team by sending an email to infosec@vice.com.
You can also use our PGP to encrypt these communications.

Please do not publicly disclose these details without express written consent from Vice Media.
In reporting any suspected vulnerabilities, please include the following information: 

Exploit details with adequate information to allow us to reproduce your steps
Your email address
Your name as it should be displayed on this page if you would like it to be
Your Twitter handle if you would like it displayed next to your name below


No compensation

Vice Media does not compensate individuals or organizations for identifying potential or confirmed vulnerabilities.
Requests for monetary compensation will be deemed in violation of this Responsible Disclosure Policy.


Vice Media's commitment

To all security researchers who follow this Responsible Disclosure Policy, Vice Media promises to: 

Acknowledge receipt of your report in a timely manner
Provide an estimated time frame for addressing the vulnerability
Notify you when the vulnerability is fixed
Publicly acknowledge your responsible disclosure, if you wish


Shout Outs


Special thanks to to the following individuals and organizations who have participated in our responsible disclosure program:

Cody Zacharias - @now
Alexis Laborier
Shivam Kamboj Dattana - @sechunt3r
vijiln - @vijiln
Prathamesh Joshi - @Pr4th4m_Joshi
Sumit Grover - @sumgr0
Fariq Fadillah Gusti Insani - @fariqfgi
Mukhammad Akbar (Abay) - abaykan.com

