
         Vidazoo LegalVidazoo LegalLegal ResourcesWebsite Terms of UseTerms and ConditionsPublisher GuidelinesData Protection AddendumData Protection Addendum - SaaSCCPA AddendumPrivacy PolicyCookies PolicyPrivacy Notice For California ResidentsPrivacy Rights PolicyInformation Security PolicyPowered by GitBookPublisher Guidelines[Last Modified: January 1, 2020]These Publisher Guidelines (the “Guidelines”) apply to any Publisher who is engaged with any of Vidazoo’s services, platforms or technologies.
Unless expressly and specifically approved by Vidazoo in advance and in writing, Publisher (including Publisher Websites, Media, Content and any other deliverable as defined in the Parties’ Agreement (an any attached annex), shall meet any and all the following guidelines.
We reserve the right, at our discretion, to revise or update the Guidelines at any time.
Such amendments shall be effective upon publication of the amended Guidelines.
The last revision will be reflected in the “Last Modified” heading.
Your continued use of the Services thereafter constitutes you consent to such changes and you agree to be bound by them, therefore we ask you to check back periodically to review the most updated Guidelines.1.
GeneralWhen using Vidazoo’s Services, platforms and/or technology (jointly “Services”), Publisher and Publisher’s website(s), application(s) or any other inventory provided as part of the services (“Publisher’s Site(s)”) will: 
1.1.
Comply with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, platform policies and best industry standards.
and 
1.2.
Uphold the regulations of industry leading self-regulatory principles, including, NAI (available at: https://www.networkadvertising.org/code-enforcement/code),Digital Advertising Alliance (available at: https://digitaladvertisingalliance.org/principles) and additional regulatory programs and/or guidelines as may become available from time to time by Vidazoo or its 3rd party advertising partners.2.
Privacy Policy and disclosuresPublisher’s Site(s) will contain or link to an accessible and conspicuous privacy policy that will provide its end users with all disclosures required by applicable laws in which such users reside, including: 
2.1.
Data collection practices, purposes, processing activities, usage or any other detail required by applicable laws.
and 
2.2.
Expressly identifies that Publisher uses third-party advertising partners to serve ads and may collect, for such purpose, a user data.
and 
2.3.
Publisher full details.3.
Data Usage
Publisher, either directly or indirectly, will avoid of any of the following: 
3.1.
Transferring or transmitting of any Personal Information of end users or other sensitive data to Vidazoo, as such terms are defined under the applicable laws in which the Services are provided.
3.2.
Using data gathered during delivery of any advertising material in any campaign (e.g., number of impressions, interactions, and header information), for purposes of retargeting, targeting, profiling, optimization and performance or any other purpose which is not the sole purpose of campaign delivery, performance and optimization.

3.3.
Collecting any Personal Information without due disclosure, consent (or other lawful basis, as defined by applicable law).

3.4.
Publisher may only use all data, statistics, and other information (except for bid request data) derived from using the Services only in connection with the use of the Services, and shall not otherwise copy, export or transfer the data for any other purposes.4.
User consent
Publisher shall provide all required notices, disclosures and request for consent, as the case may be, including by posting a privacy policy, cookie policy, cookie notification and mechanisms to withdrawal consent by end users, for any personalized activity.5.
Children's Privacy5.1.
Publisher’s shall not direct Publisher’s Site or target its respective content at children under the age of 13 (or, the underage defined in any other applicable jurisdiction), unless it is otherwise can demonstrate its compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Law, as amended (“COPPA”).

5.2.
In cases where Publisher does comply with COPPA, it shall inform Vidazoo in writing prior to any implementation or user of the Vidazoo Services launching any of such Publisher’s Site(s) on any of Vidazoo’S Services.

5.3.
In no case, will Publisher transfer to Vidazoo or its Advertisers partners any Personal Information of Children under 13 as defined under COPPA.6.
Prohibited ContentPublisher’s Site(s) and any respective content or underlying code, shall meet, at the least, the following requirements: 
6.1.
Must be content-based, fully functional websites at all levels (including, not a pop-up, pop-over or pop-under window).
and 
6.2.
All text, sounds, images and/or other materials made available on or through Publisher Site must not infringe upon any third party right, including any right for privacy intellectual property of any third party.
and 
6.3.
Must not include any Content which is (i) objectionable, harmful, libelous, fraudulent or otherwise illegal and/or questionable.
or (ii) contains or promotes pornography, adult or mature content, misleading Content or any content that is or may reasonably be considered as misrepresentation, offensive, weapons and violence, banned substances.
or (iii) include, promote, contain or facilitate and viruses, malware, spyware, adware or any malicious code or file that may compromise user’s system or privacy.
or (iv) that is primarily designed to collecting a personally identifiable information of users.7.
Prohibited ActivitiesPublisher will not, either directly or indirectly, perform or engage in any of the following Prohibited Activities: 
7.1.
With respect to the Services and respective technology and platform: Publisher will not, nor will Publisher attempt to: (i) copy, damage, reverse engineer, decipher, decompile, translate or disassemble any software components or code of the Services, ads or tags, not authorize, enable or engage in modification Vidazoo’s, platform or API in any way.
(ii) alter, modify, eliminate, conceal, or otherwise render inoperable or ineffective the website tags, source codes, links, pixels, modules or other data provided by or obtained from Vidazoo that allows Vidazoo’s Services to measure ad performance and provide its service.
(iii) sell, reproduce, copy, rent, lease, sublicense, transfer or otherwise make available the Services, ads or tags, or any copies thereof to any third party (including, but not limited to, bidding for ads or tags while simultaneously selling the bid-for ad or tag on the Service or any other service), or create derivative works therefrom.
(iv) authorize, enable or engage in unauthorized implementations, including the use, display, syndication, sublicensing, or delivery of Vidazoo’s ads anywhere other than on the Publisher’s Inventory.

7.2.
With respect to traffic generation and traffic quality: Publisher will not generate or be engage with generating any non-human or other fraudulent traffic and specifically shall not deliver: (i) view, visits, impressions, clicks or any other delivered action, that were a result of any false, deceptive or automated means.
or (ii) Generate clicks without referring URLs or from non-approved root URLs, generate fraudulent clicks, or otherwise use any method that may lead to false or artificially high numbers of clicks or impressions by any person, robot, automated program or similar device.
or (iii) interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper function of the Service or anyone’s use of the Service.
or (iv) interfere or attempt to interfere with the full, complete, immediate, and direct display of any ads and any third-party websites accessed via links on ads.PreviousTerms and ConditionsNextData Protection AddendumLast updated 11 months agoWas this page helpful?Contents1.
General2.
Privacy Policy and disclosures3.
Data Usage4.
User consent5.
Children's Privacy6.
Prohibited Content7.
Prohibited Activities 
      