
         Terms &amp.
Conditions:Web User Agreement NATURE OF AGREEMENT Please read these Agreement carefully before using this web site which you are accessing at the URL www.videodeck.net ("the Site").
Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use below and your agreement to enter into a legally binding agreement ("the Agreement") with the COMCODE d.o.o.
("we"/ "us").
We may modify this Agreement at any time, and such modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting of the modified Terms and Conditions ("Terms and Conditions").
You agree to review the Terms and Conditions periodically to be aware of such modifications and your continued access or use of the Site shall be deemed to be your conclusive acceptance of the modified Terms and Conditions.
SITE OWNERSHIP The Site is owned and operated by the COMCODE d.o.o., a body whose address is at Blatna Brezovica 68, Vrhnika 1360, Slovenia.
1 COPYRIGHT All of this Site including but not limited to graphics, logos, icons, text, images and software ("the Content") is owned by us or our content providers and is protected by international copyright laws.
You may use this Site and the Content for non-commercial use only.
2 ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY &amp.
PROPRIETARY RIGHTS All graphics, logos and service names of the Central Registry of Information are our trademarks (the "Marks").
You acknowledge our ownership of the Marks and agree not to display or use in any manner the Marks without our prior written permission.
 You acknowledge and agree that the Site and the Content contains proprietary and confidential information which is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws.
You further acknowledge and agree that the Content is protected by copyright, database rights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws.
3 LINKS We may provide links to other web sites or resources.
Because we have no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and do not endorse and are not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources.

 You further acknowledge and agree that we shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services that may be available on or through any such site or resource.
4 DISCLAIMER AND LIABILITY This Site is provided on an "as is" basis.
We make no representations or warranties of any kind express or implied as to the operation of this Site or the Content or any part thereof included on this Site.
While we make every effort to ensure that the information is accurate, we will not be liable in any way for the quality, timeliness, accuracy or completeness of any of the Content which may be accessed via this Site and are not responsible for any consequences which may arise from your acting (or failing to act) on any of the Content.

 We disclaim all warranties express or implied to the full extent permissible by applicable law.
We do not warrant that this Site, its servers, or e-mail sent from this Site are free from viruses or other harmful components.

 We will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this Site, including but not limited to damages for consequential loss (save for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or that of our employees or agents).
5 INDEMNITY You agree to indemnify us against all loss and damage howsoever caused resulting from any breach of this Agreement by you.





 If you have any questions regarding this Agreement, please contact info@videodeck.net.
Third Party Services This website uses data provided by Third Party Services.
Each of these Third Party Services may have Terms of Services, Privacy Policies, Community Standards, and other customer obligations that also apply when connecting via this website.
You can find the links to these policies below.

 YouTube Terms of Use Google Terms of Service Google Privacy Policy
