
         Navigation 
Home
Services
Clients 
Contact
 About Vincent 


Home
Services
Clients 
Contact
 Imprint Last updated: May 20, 2021


Vincent Photography
Postal address:
Sandstr 5 82110 Germering
Phone: +49 176-15528046 
E-Mail: info@value.digital
Responsible for the content (acc.
to § 55 Abs.
2 RStV): Bernhard Hecker Sandstr 5 82110 Germering DISCLAIMER - LEGAL INFORMATION § 1 Content warning  The free and freely accessible contents of this website have been created with the greatest possible care.
However, the provider of this website does not guarantee the accuracy and timeliness of the provided free and freely accessible journalistic advice and news.
Contributions identified by name reflect the opinion of the respective author and not always the opinion of the provider.
Calling up the free and freely accessible content alone does not establish any contractual relationship between the user and the provider.
in this respect, the provider's intention to be legally bound is lacking.
§ 2 External links  This website contains links to third-party websites ("external links").
These websites are subject to the liability of the respective operators.
When the external links were first created, the provider checked the external content for any legal violations.
At that time, no legal violations were apparent.
The provider has no influence on the current and future design and content of the linked pages.
The inclusion of external links does not imply that the provider adopts the content behind the reference or link as its own.
It is not reasonable for the provider to constantly monitor the external links without concrete evidence of legal violations.
However, such external links will be deleted immediately if legal violations become known.
§ 3 Copyrights and ancillary copyrights  The contents published on this website are subject to German copyright and ancillary copyright law.
Any use not permitted by German copyright and ancillary copyright law requires the prior written consent of the provider or the respective rights holder.
This applies in particular to the copying, editing, translation, storage, processing or reproduction of content in databases or other electronic media and systems.
Contents and rights of third parties are marked as such.
The unauthorized reproduction or distribution of individual content or complete pages is not permitted and is punishable by law.
Only the production of copies and downloads for personal, private and non-commercial use is permitted.
The display of this website in external frames is only permitted with written permission.
§ 4 Special terms of use  Insofar as special conditions for individual uses of this website deviate from the aforementioned paragraphs, this will be expressly pointed out at the appropriate place.
In this case, the special terms of use apply in the respective individual case.



© 2021 Vincent Photography • Imprint • Data privacy information • DE | FRA  Navigation 
Home
Services
Clients 
Contact

