
        Privacy Policy
Last amended: February 5, 2021
 Introduction and scope This Privacy Policy (hereinafter: “Policy”) is used by Vinden.nl B.V., trading under the name VISYMO Universal Search Group, a company with limited liability under the laws of the Netherlands, with its registered office and primary place of business at Stationsdwarsweg 7, 7461 AR Rijssen, the Netherlands and registered in the register of the Netherlands Chamber of Commerce under registration number 06088480 (hereinafter: “VISYMO” or “we”).
VISYMO can be reached via the contact form.
VISYMO, directly or indirectly operates a number of search-engine websites including VISYMO Search, iZito, ZapMeta, ZapMetasearch, GigaGunstig, GigaPromo, GigaGuenstig, SeekWeb, Vinden, Zoeken, Asksly, Favosearch, InfoQo, Searchley, Searchmixer, Sprask, Temposearch, Top10quest and and some country-specific versions of these brands.
(click here for more info about VISYMO).
We understand that your privacy is important to you, and we are committed to being transparent about the information we collect and process upon your use of our websites.
This Privacy Policy describes our practices concerning the personal information collected, processed and stored by VISYMO when you visit and use websites operated by VISYMO (“Search-Engines”).
This Privacy Policy is provided in English.
Translations to certain other languages may be available and can be requested by contacting us here. User consent and age requirement By using the Search-Engines, you consent to our collection and use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information about our use of cookies and how you can change your cookie settings can be found here.
Our Search-Engines are intended for general audiences over the age of 16 years old.
We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 16 years old.
We may promote certain content to a younger audience for certain Search-Engines in the United States.

IF YOU ARE NOT AT LEAST 13 YEARS OLD IN THE UNITED STATES OR 16 YEARS OLD IN OTHER COUNTRIES, DO NOT USE THE SERVICES.
 Information we collect, how we use it, and how and why we share it This section will serve as the notice at collection as provided in Section 1798.100(b) of the California Consumer Privacy Act.
Access to web search results or other general content on our Search-Engines does not require you to create an account.
You can visit and use our Search-Engines without providing us any identification (e.g., name, date of birth), contact (e.g., email address, phone number) and/or account (username and password) information.
The chart below describes what data we collect that qualifies as “Personal Data” in the European Economic Area, how we collect or access it, how we use it, with which third parties we share it, and the purpose for sharing.
In addition, we may collect, use and disclose your personal information as required or permitted by applicable law, as directed by you, or in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We only permit third parties to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our agreements with them.
Our service providers with whom we share your data may also engage vendors to help them process user data, so they can provide their services to us.

Categories of Personal Information


How we collect it


How we use it


Who we share it with


Purpose for sharing


Your IP Address

We automatically collect the IP address you use each time you visit our Search-Engines.
We get this information from your browser when it interacts with our servers.
We log these IP addresses in our user visit logs.
This is to determine what country or state or province you are in to show you relevant search results, content, and ads.
This is also to analyse fraudulent traffic patterns.
We also analyse which regions of the world our users come from so we can develop search and content offerings for these regions.
We share your anonymous IP address, and your site activities with vendors who help us operate our Search-Engines by providing the following services:

Site hosting and database warehousing
Content delivery from our servers to your device
Advertising inventory management and operations
Business and technical performance analytics
Security

Your data may also incidentally be shared with Rackspace and Leaseweb for IT support, data backup and recovery service, and office software.


These vendors process our user's personal information to:

Provide their services to us and determining what amounts are owed to them based on traffic volumes or other metrics 
Logging page impressions and user actions for their business analytics
Detecting and addressing fraudulent behavior or illegal activity on their service
Monitoring the proper functioning of their services, quality assurance, finding errors and fixing them
Internal research
Improving on their products and services


Other Technical Information

As you interact with the Search-Engines, we may collect additional technical information via automated means:

Information about your computer or mobile device such as type of device, mobile device ID number, screen resolution, web browser information and operating system or platform 
Your browser preferences and settings (time zone, language, etc.)

This is to present to you search results and content in your preferred language and present our Site pages in a format that best fits your device screen and format.

Contact Information you may submit via our Contact Form

When you fill out a form to contact us via our Contact Form, we retain your email and any other information you provide.* We do not combine this information with any of your activity data.
We retain emails for up to three years to respond to discovery requests in the event of litigation or have the ability to defend legal claims.
This is used only to respond to your Contact Form request.
We do not use your contact information for any other purpose.
There is no need to provide to us (and we strongly discourage you from) providing any personally identifiable or sensitive information about you or anyone else such as your exact location, physical address, telephone number, health, race, religious beliefs, or sexual orientation.
We do not share your contact information.

Professional or Employment Information and Education Records

You may submit professional and education information about you when you submit a job application to us.
We do not combine this information with any of your activity data and keep it in a separate database.
This is used only to respond to your job application and to retain your information to contact you in case a future job opening corresponds to your qualifications.
Our job application platform is powered by Homerun.
Your information is hosted by Homerun.
Learn more
The chart below describes what data may be automatically collected by third parties when you visit our Search-Engines via code that we implement to our Search-Engines to allow them to access your browser.
In certain cases these third parties are co-controllers of personal data with us.
We only permit such third parties to collect and process your personal data in accordance with our agreements with them.

Categories of Personal Information


How third parties collect it


Which Partners collects it


How they use it


IP address collected by Third Parties and Third Party Cookies

We implement on our Search-Engines certain code provided by our advertising partners that enable them to:

Collect the anonymous IP address that you use when you visit our Search-Engines
Place or recognize a cookie on your browser or other tracking device (for example, tied to your mobile device ID).

This happens when we implement software code on our Search-Engine pages that allows our partners to interact with your browser, such as a pixel or beacon.



Content partners who provide content or search targeted or contextually targeted ads on our Search-Engines.
Agencies who place ads on third party sites to promote our Search-Engines.
Publisher networks (such as Verizon or Google) on which we or our agencies place ads to promote our Search-Engines 

This is so they can:

Provide their services to us
Determine payments owed to them
Analyze fraudulent traffic patterns
Detecting and fixing errors in their service
Internal research and improving their service, including to increase their revenues


Internet usage data collected via cookies

Certain partners use cookies or tracking devices that enable them to:

Recognize your browser or mobile device when you visit our Search-Engines and other sites
Collect information about your internet usage across multiple websites, including your visits to and actions on our Search-Engines 
Such information collection and use by third parties via cookies and tracking devices only occurs with your consent where required (such as in the European Economic Area).
It may qualify as a “sale” of personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act.


Advertisers and digital advertising technology intermediaries who place interest based ads on our Search-Engines.
They use tracking devices to place ads on our Search-Engines targeted to you based on your past actions on our Site or on other sites (interest based targeting)
To deliver relevant search results to you, we may use third party services, such as YouTube for video results.
If you watch a video sourced from YouTube embedded in our search results page, then your use of the YouTube service is subject to the YouTube Terms of Service and the Google Privacy Policy.
Third-parties who provide us with products and services may also place cookies, ad tags and/or beacons that collect the information outlined above in order to provide us with products and services including analytics tools (e.g., Google Analytics) allowing us to analyze the performance of our Services and advertisers and ad networks allowing the delivery of relevant ads.
These third parties may also collect information about you from other sources and combine it with other information collected about you from third party websites not affiliated with us.
For example, advertiser and advertising networks, as well as data analytics companies who service them, may participate in interest based advertising and track your activity across various sites and/or devices where they display ads and record your activities, so they can show ads that they consider relevant to you.
Where necessary, we will obtain your consent for these activities. More details on information collected, purpose of and basis for collection Technical information As you interact with the Search-Engines, we may collect additional technical information via automated means:

Information about your computer or mobile device such as type of device, mobile device ID number, screen resolution, web browser information and operating system or platform 
Your browser preferences and settings (time zone, language, etc.)
Internet provider or mobile service provider name
 Aggregated user information We routinely aggregate the personal information of all of our users into user usage statistics for our Search-Engines.
With this aggregation, your personal data is mixed with other user data and becomes de-identified.
We are not able to identify or re-identify you or any particular user.
We do not treat de-identified data or aggregate consumer information as personal information and we reserve the right to convert, or permit others to convert, your personal information into deidentified data or aggregate consumer information.
Sharing de-identified aggregate data with third parties does not constitute a sale or transfer of personal information. Legal basis for collection We collect and use your personal information on the grounds of the legal basis described below:
Provide our services: we process your personal information to provide our web search and content services.
This is so we can comply with our contractual obligations to you.
Improving our services: we analyze information about how you use our Search-Engines to provide an improved experience for our users, including product testing and site analytics.
It is in our legitimate business interests to use the information provided to us for this purpose, so we can understand any issues with our Search-Engines and improve them.
Compensating our partners: we process your personal information for purposes of calculating compensation to be paid to our third party product/service providers and distributors and to analyze usage across products, services and distribution partner/channel.
It is in our legitimate interest to appropriately determine amounts to be paid to our partners and inform our product roadmap and distribution strategy.
Communicating with you: we may use your personal information when we communicate with you, for example if we are providing information about changes to the terms and conditions or if you contact us with questions.
It is in our legitimate interests that we are able to provide you with appropriate responses and provide you with notices about our Search-Engines and services.
Marketing: we may use your personal information to deliver relevant ads to you to promote our Search-Engines, and measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.
It is in our legitimate interest to analyze the interests of our users to craft more relevant advertising messages and inform our marketing strategy.
We may use automated decision-making to deliver tailored ads based on your personal information.
In most cases, we use cookies and trackers placed on your browsers by our marketing network partners, such as Google Ads, Google AFS, Microsoft Advertising and Verizon.
Exercising our rights: we may use your personal information to exercise our legal rights where it is necessary to do so.
for example, to detect, prevent and respond to fraud claims, intellectual property infringement claims or violations of law.
Complying with our obligations: we may process your personal information to, for example, carry out fraud prevention checks or comply with other legal or regulatory requirements, where this is explicitly required by law, such as responding to your request for data access or deletion.
Customizing your experience, including ads: when you use the Search-Engines, we may use information about your use of the Search-Engines (queries you submitted, content you viewed) to customize your experience, such as by providing and showing you content based on your recent interests.
We may use automated decision-making for these activities.
Upon your affirmative consent or request, we may use your browser information to send you notifications about content on our site via your browser.
As required by applicable data protection and privacy laws, we will obtain your consent for these activities or enable you to opt out of these activities. Third party advertising partners The third party partners listed below may provide search and search advertising results for VISYMO.
Search advertising includes paid search and/or contextual search results.
More than one search partner may be used at the same time and may change based on factors such as type of online experience, type of device used, and the country the search is performed from.
To learn more about each search partner’s data collection and use practices and what tools or controls are available to you, please visit each search partner’s privacy policy:
AppNexus AppNexus, a Xandr company, operates a technology platform that its clients can use to purchase, sell and deliver online advertising, including interest based advertising.
The platform is designed to enable these advertising transactions through the use of Device-Identifiable Information.
To learn more about how we collect and use information for online advertising, please visit https://www.appnexus.com/platform-privacy-policy

Criteo Criteo (NASDAQ: CRTO) delivers personalized performance marketing at an extensive scale.
Measuring return on post-click sales, Criteo makes ROI transparent and easy to measure.
Criteo has over 2,500 employees in more than 30 offices across the Americas, EMEA and Asia-Pacific, serving over 15,000 advertisers worldwide and with direct relationships with thousands of publishers.
To learn more about how we collect and use information for online advertising, please visit http://www.criteo.com/privacy/
Oath Inc Oath is a leading global media company with an extensive suite of brands and offerings.
Oath is focused on attracting and engaging consumers and providing valuable online advertising services.
Oath offers personalization using cookie and non-cookie technologies which allow delivery of relevant advertising while respecting user privacy.
In addition to the privacy choices offered through the Network Advertising Initiative, Oath offers additional privacy tools and choice options in the Oath Privacy Center.
To learn more about how we collect and use information for online advertising, please visit https://policies.oath.com/us/en/oath/privacy/index.html

OwnerIQ ownerIQ digitally connects retailers and brands through the power of second-party data.
ownerIQ changes the way retailers, brands and e-commerce websites run their digital advertising campaigns, and reach consumers.
This is done by leveraging non-personally identifiable website audience data to help retailers, brands, and advertisers more effectively connect with their core consumers.
And in return consumers receive relevant advertising from brands they trust.
To learn more about how we collect and use information for online advertising, please visit http://www.owneriq.com/privacy-notice
Parrable Parrable’s third party identification platform is the solution to the greatest problem marketer’s face today: the failure of the third-party cookie.
Our solution is privacy friendly and approved by the NAI.
It eliminates the need for cookie syncs, and enables marketers and publishers alike to deliver the best, most relevant content to people across the web.
Our team of entrepreneurs and technology experts are passionate about providing innovative solutions that make the web a better, more personal experience for everyone.
We are based out of San Francisco with offices in New York and Mexico City.
To learn more about how we collect and use information for online advertising, please visit https://www.parrable.com/privacy.html

Clickagy Clickagy helps businesses make better strategic decisions and improve their digital marketing.
With many patents pending around our NLP (Natural Language Processing) technology, data mining infrastructure, artificial intelligence and machine learning engine, and adaptive content platforms (powering DCO)...
Clickagy ingests a massive amount of data, processes it, and drives actionable results.
To learn more about how we collect and use information for online advertising, please visit https://www.clickagy.com/company/privacy
Microsoft Microsoft provides consumers with engaging digital advertising experiences for brands of all types and sizes through our variety of advertising products and services.
Microsoft helps make online advertising more relevant to you by selectively presenting ads for goods and services of the greatest potential interest to you.
For example, if you frequently visit MSN Autos, we may present you with advertising from automotive companies instead of randomly selected advertisements.
If you are not interested in seeing ads based on information previously collected by Microsoft, you can choose to not receive them on sites that use the Microsoft Advertising Platform.
To learn more about how we collect and use information for online advertising, please visit https://privacy.microsoft.com
PulsePoint PulsePoint is a leading global authority in programmatic technology, content marketing and health activation.
With the most intelligent health-centered view of the customer, PulsePoint has pioneered radical health personalization™, accelerating the discovery and activation of patients and providers for real world outcomes, while helping publishers increase yield through actionable insights.
PulsePoint’s core competencies include proprietary data capabilities, natural language processing, and reach across digital devices.
On the strength of these capabilities, PulsePoint manages a successful programmatic exchange and content marketing distribution platform for all industry verticals.
To learn more about how we collect and use information for online advertising, please visit https://pulsepoint.com/legal/platform-privacy-policy
Innovid Innovid is the video technology platform which provides the ability for visionary advertisers to create, deliver and measure immerse brand experience across all screens.
Innovid offers an advanced video ad server developed to seamlessly deliver video advertisements for pre-roll and most complex interactive ads (iRoll), all available across various screen types.
To learn more about how we collect and use information for online advertising, please visit http://www.innovid.com/privacy-policy/
Quantcast Quantcast provides services to online marketers and media companies that helps them better understand their audiences and deliver advertising to groups of people based on broad demographic, geographic or interest-based insights.
The company's innovative and privacy-friendly direct-measurement approach generates publicly available traffic and audience profiles for millions of Web destinations.
Quantcast also provides solutions that help manage the delivery of advertising in real-time so that advertisers can reach relevant audiences with a projected set of characteristics across the Web.
Participants in the Quantcast measurement and ad delivery services are required to include appropriate notification in their privacy policies.
To learn more about how we collect and use information for online advertising, please visit http://www.quantcast.com/privacy

Adara ADARA leverages global proprietary travel data to deliver increased business performance through their innovative platform, and exceptional team.
ADARA's Magellan platform transforms loyalty, search and booking data into actionable insight allowing companies to better understand, reach and engage customers.
Magellan is fueled by first-party data from over 100 global travel brands.
Founded in 2009, ADARA currently has 19 offices across the US, Europe, Middle East and Asia, including its headquarters in Palo Alto, California.
To learn more about how we collect and use information for online advertising, please visit http://adara.com/privacy-promise
Google Inc. Google (www.google.com) operates the Google Display Network a collection of millions of websites and mobile applications that are powered by display advertising, including many Google services like YouTube.
Google also operates the DoubleClick digital advertising platform: the ad technology foundation to create, transact, and manage digital advertising for the worlds buyers, creators, and sellers.
The DoubleClick platform includes the DoubleClick Advertising Exchange and DoubleClick Bid Manager.
To learn more about how we collect and use information for online advertising, please visit http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacy.html

Choozle A design-focused platform, Choozle blends user-experience with powerful, first-in-class tools.
We integrate cutting-edge targeting, buying and activation features in a self-serve platform, with no minimum ad spend.
Gain access to every impression there is, just like the big spenders.
You want more clients, not more ad tech to manage.
To learn more about how we collect and use information for online advertising, please visit http://www.choozle.com/privacy-policy
MediaMath MediaMath is the leading online media trading company, offering agencies and their advertisers unprecedented reach and performance through one relationship.
The company's industry-leading TerminalOne platform is the first and only enterprise-class DSP providing an unmatched combination of supply, data, analytics, workflow automation and optimization to return focus to marketing strategy rather than media execution.
MediaMath drives breakthrough results for dozens of agencies representing the world's leading brands including units within all 7 global agency holding companies on thousands of worldwide campaigns.
MediaMath is headquartered in New York City.
To learn more about how we collect and use information for online advertising, please visit http://www.mediamath.com/privacy-policy/

Taboola Taboola is the leading discovery platform, serving over 360 billion recommendations to over 1 billion unique visitors every month on some of the Web's most innovative publisher sites, including USA TODAY, Business Insider, Chicago Tribune, and The Weather Channel.
Headquartered in New York City, Taboola also has offices in Los Angeles, London, Tel Aviv, New Delhi, and Bangkok.
Publishers, marketers, and agencies leverage Taboola to retain users on their sites, monetize their traffic, and distribute their content to drive high-quality audiences.
Learn more at www.taboola.com and follow @taboola on Twitter.
To learn more about how we collect and use information for online advertising, please visit https://www.taboola.com/privacy-policy
Krux Digital Krux helps companies deliver personalized experiences to the right people, in the right way, on the right screen, at the right time.
Krux's real-time, data management platform (DMP) helps businesses give their customers and audiences better content, advertising, and shopping experiences by unifying, analyzing, and activating consumer data signatures across every device (desktop, mobile, tablet, set-top) and every channel (display, social, search, video) in real time.
To learn more about how we collect and use information for online advertising, please visit http://www.krux.com/privacy/
Innovid Innovid is the video technology platform which provides the ability for visionary advertisers to create, deliver and measure immerse brand experience across all screens.
Innovid offers an advanced video ad server developed to seamlessly deliver video advertisements for pre-roll and most complex interactive ads (iRoll), all available across various screen types.
To learn more about how we collect and use information for online advertising, please visit http://www.innovid.com/privacy-policy/
MiQ MiQ is an independent marketing intelligence company with the people and technology that help businesses win.
It is our vision to reimagine the value of marketing by connecting data and discovering insight to drive business outcomes.
To learn more about how we collect and use information for online advertising, please visit http://www.wearemiq.com/privacy-policy/
33Across 33Across is a technology company focused on solving the challenge of consumer attention in an era of automated advertising.
The 33Across Attention Platform is the first programmatic solution to unify high-impact creative, quality supply, and true technology-driven scale.
33Across is headquartered in New York with locations in Sunnyvale, Los Angeles, Chicago, London, Tokyo, and Hyderabad.
To learn more about how we collect and use information for online advertising, please visit http://33across.com/privacy-policy/
Eyeota Eyeota collects cookies to help deliver advertising that is customized to your interests.
To learn more about how we collect and use information for online advertising, please visit http://eyeota.com/privacy-policy/ Additional information about sharing with our own Search-Engines and third parties In addition to the sharing described in the chart above, we share your information with third parties for the purposes described below:

1.
We could share de-identified search query data with our own Search-Engines to help them improve their products and services.

2.
Fraud prevention: we may disclose your information to third parties when we believe disclosure is necessary to investigate, prevent, or respond to suspected illegal or fraudulent activity or to protect the safety, rights, or property of us, our users, or others.

3.
Law enforcement purposes and public safety: if requested or required by government authorities, such as law enforcement authorities, courts, or regulators, or otherwise to comply with the law, we may disclose any information we have about our users.
We may disclose information collected about you in order to exercise or protect legal rights or defend against legal claims.
We also may be required to disclose an individual’s personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.

4.
Sale or merger of our business: we may transfer your information to a third party if we or any of our affiliates are involved in a corporate restructuring (e.g., a sale, merger, or other transfer of assets).

 Your rights and choices You have rights and choices regarding our collection and use of your personal information, as well as the collection and use of some of our third party partners.
A few of those choices are set forth below and others are described in our Cookie Policy.
At Vinden.nl B.V., we do not collect sufficient data to authenticate any particular user. Removing our cookie If you remove our cookies from your browser cache, we will no longer recognize your browser and activities until a new cookie is placed.
Any future site activities you perform after you delete this cookie will not be tied to your previous activities which were associated with the removed cookie. Removing interest-based advertising cookies You can opt-out of third-party interest-based, advertising-related cookies, consent cookie, pixel tags and web beacons, to prevent our advertising partners to deliver targeted interest based ads to you.
You can choose to opt-out through these (and other) resources:

Network Advertising Initiative (http://www.networkadvertising.org/) 
Digital Advertising Alliance (http://www.aboutads.info/consumers) 
Your Online Choices (http://www.youronlinechoices.com/)

You will continue to see ads on our Search-Engines, but they will not be tailored to you based on any past behavior on our Search-Engines or other websites.
You may, however, still receive customized content and/or ads based on the search queries you submitted or the content of the pages you are visiting. Other Privacy Tools In addition, third party tools enable you to search for and opt-out of some of these devices, such as the Ghostery browser plug-in available at https://www.ghostery.com/. Do Not Track Do Not Track (DNT) is an optional browser setting that allows you to express your preferences regarding tracking by advertisers and other third-parties.
However, we do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated DNT signals, as the Internet industry is currently still working toward defining exactly what DNT means, what it means to comply with DNT, and a common approach to responding to DNT. Your access, revision &amp.
deletion rights Right to know/right of access If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA) or in California, or in certain other states, you have specific rights to know and have access to the personal information that has been collected and stored by the web properties that you visit (and in the EEA, right to correct such information).
Your rights can only be exercised if such web properties can adequately verify that you are the same person as the user whose data is being requested.
At Vinden.nl B.V., we do not collect sufficient data to authenticate any particular user. Right to delete If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA) or in California, or in certain other states, you have specific rights to request us to delete any personal information we have stored about you.
In the EEA, you also have the right to withdraw any consent that you have previously provided to us to store or use your personal information
Contact us via our Contact Form, click the “Contact Us” button, then fill out the form.
Select “Request access to or deletion of your personal data” in the drop-down for the Subject field. Deletion of information you submit via our Contact Form You may request us to delete all the information you submitted to us via our Contact Form by contacting us via our Contact Form.
However, we reserve the right to retain any information you provided via our Contact Form in order to defend legal claims, retain a record of our compliance with laws, including privacy and data protection laws, and other statutory data retention requirements. Deletion of information you submit in response to a job posting You may request us to delete all the information you submitted to us in response to a job posting by contacting us via our Contact Form.
However, we reserve the right to retain any information you provided to us to apply for a position at Vinden.nl B.V.
in order to defend legal claims, retain a record of our compliance with laws, and other statutory data retention requirements. Non discrimination, complaints and disputes All content and services offered on the Search-Engines are free of charge and Vinden.nl B.V.
will not discriminate against any user who has exercised their rights as set forth in this privacy policy.
We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern about privacy.
If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, you may have the right to make a complaint with your national data protection authority. Data retention and security We have designed our systems so that we can manage our Search-Engines while collecting as little information about our users as possible.
We retain emails for up to three years to respond to discovery requests in the event of litigation or have the ability to defend legal claims.
We retain information you provide to apply for jobs at Vinden.nl B.V.
for as long as we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to contact you if we have a job opening that fits your qualification, or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements) after which our service provider Homerun will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then they will securely store your information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
We take the security of your information seriously and use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your information against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage.
We also limit access to information about you to employees who reasonably need access to it to provide products or services to you, or in order to do their jobs.
However, because no security system can be 100% effective, we cannot completely guarantee the security of any information we may have collected from or about you. Updates to this Privacy Policy and contact information We will continue to evaluate this Privacy Policy against new technologies, applicable laws, business practices, and our user’s needs, and may make changes accordingly.
Please check this page periodically for updates.
If we make any material changes, we will post the updated Privacy Policy on this page, along with its effective date, and notify you by means of a notice on the Search-Engines.
Except in connection with updates that materially change the ways in which we process your information, your continued use of the Services after this Privacy Policy has been updated means that you agree to be bound by such updates.
We will provide notice in advance of the effective date with regard to any updates that materially change the ways in which we process your personal information.
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the manner in which your information is processed (or if you are an EEA resident, how your data is transferred outside of the EEA), or if you would like to submit a request to us, please contact our Team Data Protection here or via mail at:
Vinden.nl B.V.
 Team Data Protection  Stationsdwarsweg 7 7461 AR Rijssen The Netherlands
