
         VitaPureCBD Terms of UseLast Updated: September 13th, 2019VitaPureCBDXXXXXXXXXXXXX USA

THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, AS WELL AS ANY OTHER PRODUCT AND SERVICE SPECIFIC TERMS ON OUR SITE, CONSTITUTE YOUR SERVICE AGREEMENT ("AGREEMENT") WITH VitaPureCBD.
AND ANY OF ITS OWNED OR OPERATED SITES WHERE THESE TERMS OF USE ARE POSTED ("VitaPureCBD").
THIS AGREEMENT SETS FORTH THE LEGALLY BINDING TERMS FOR YOUR USE OF OUR SITE AND YOUR PURCHASE OR USE OF ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED ON THE SITE.
BY ACCESSING AND/OR USING THE SITE, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE RIGHT, AUTHORITY, AND CAPACITY TO ENTER INTO THE AGREEMENT AND TO ABIDE BY ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN.
YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THIS SITE OR ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT UNLESS YOU ARE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OLD.ARBITRATION NOTICE: THESE TERMS CONTAIN AN ARBITRATION CLAUSE A LITTLE LATER ON.
YOU AND VitaPureCBD AGREE THAT DISPUTES BETWEEN US WILL BE RESOLVED BY MANDATORY BINDING ARBITRATION, AND YOU AND VitaPureCBD WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS-ACTION LAWSUIT OR CLASS-WIDE ARBITRATION.
Privacy PolicyPlease review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your use of our Site, to understand our practices.Order AcceptanceThe receipt of an order number or an email order confirmation does not constitute the acceptance of an order or a confirmation of an offer to sell.
VitaPureCBD reserves the right, without prior notification, to limit the order quantity on any item and/or to refuse service to any customer.
Verification of information may be required prior to the acceptance of an order.
Prices and availability of products on the Site are subject to change without notice.
Errors will be corrected when discovered and VitaPureCBD reserves the right to revoke any stated offer and to correct any error, inaccuracy, or omission (including after an order has been submitted).
Certain orders constitute improper use of the Site.
VitaPureCBD reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any order for any reason.
Your account may also be restricted or terminated for any reason, at VitaPureCBD's sole discretion.Pricing
"List Price" means the suggested retail price of a product as provided by a manufacturer, supplier or other retailers.
Certain products may have a "Was Price" displayed, which is determined using recent price history of the product(s) on www.vitapurecbd.com.VitaPureCBD cannot confirm the price of an item until you submit an order.
If you use Autoship, the price of an item will set at the time the order is processed.
See Autoship Terms and Conditions for more information.
Despite our best efforts, a small number of the items in our catalog may be mispriced.
If the correct price of an items is higher than our stated price, we will, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation.
We do business throughout the United States and collect and remit sales tax as required by law.
Customer ServiceCustomer Service: Email Us 24/7 at contact@vitapurecbd.com, we respond with frequently asked questions immediately and live operator response within 8-12 business hours.
Customer Service Phone: +1 (833) 206-9239.
9:00am - 5:00pm, Monday - Friday .
By using, accessing or ordering products from this Website, you hereby agree to all of the following terms.Acceptance of AgreementYour access to and use of our website (the 'Site') is subject to the following terms and conditions which may be updated by us from time to time without notice to you.
You may review the most current version of the terms and conditions at any time by visiting the following website link here: www.vitapurecbd.com as well as the Site's posted privacy policy found here: www.vitapurecbd.com .By accessing and browsing the Site, you accept and agree to, without limitation or qualification, the terms and conditions, privacy policy, and acknowledge that any other agreements between you are superseded and of no force or effect with respect to your access and use of the Site.Shipping of Product(s)Your order will be processed and shipped with USPS within about 1 business day.
Shipping time is estimated to be four (2-4) business days from when your order ships out.
If you feel you are experiencing any delay in the delivery of your product, you may contact our customer care department at +1 (833) 206-9239.Shipping and Handling FeeShipping and handling fees are non refundable.Returns and Refunds
We will credit one returned unopened product per customer if the received package is post marked within 30 days of the original order date and included with a RMA number obtained from customer service.
Refunds will be issued to customer credit card within 3 business days.
No returns are credited after 30 days of the original order date.
Any merchandise must be returned at the customer's expense and must have an RMA number marked on it.
No returns are credited if they are not accompanied by an RMA number.
No refunds will be issued for any used product.
You may request an RMA and instructions on how to submit a return by emailing contact@vitapurecbd.com or calling +1 (833) 206-9239. Please send all returns to:PO Box 13507 Van Nuys Blvd #4910 Pacoima, CA 91333-4909 USA


Did Not Receive and/or Lost PackageAll products are expected to arrive to the shipping address originally typed into the web form on the product webpage you ordered from within 2-4 business days after it ships.
Packages will ship out within 1 business day from the day you place your order.
For orders placed on a weekend date, packages will ship out the following Monday, assuming it is not a major holiday.
If for some reason you do not receive the product after five (5) business days of ordering it is recommended to contact customer support by email at contact@vitapurecbd.com.
All orders are shipped with delivery confirmation, if the order is shown as delivered we are to believe it has been delivered unless you call to state otherwise.
There will be no refunds for product claimed to be undelivered and the package is shown as delivered with delivery confirmation obtained via the US Postal Service.
There may be times when shipments are delayed a few extra days.Terms of SaleBy placing your order on www.vitapurecbd.com you will be charged the price presented to you as the "Total" during the checkout process.
Your product(s) will be shipped within 1 business day.&nbsp.
Shipping charges may be included and will be shown during checkout.
All cancellation requests whether by phone or email should receive a cancellation confirmation number and an email stating your order has been canceled.
It is suggested to keep this number for your records.
Any future discrepancies resulting from not having a cancellation confirmation number will be at the discretion of the company.By clicking the "COMPLETE CHECKOUT button, you represent that you are at least eighteen (18) years of age and have read and agreed to the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.
Upon placing your order today you'll be shipped a 30 days supply of CBD Cannabidiol Oil (Just Pay S&H).
If you feel CBD Cannabidiol Oil is not for you, cancel within 14 days from today to avoid the purchase fee of $ and enrollment in the auto-shipment program which sends you 1 month supply every 30 days at the low price of $ per month.
You will be charged on the same card provided today.
For further information or to cancel anytime, call +1 (833) 206-9239.By taking the CBD Skin Cream upsell, you represent that you are at least eighteen (18) years of age and have read and agreed to the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.
Upon placing your order today you'll be shipped a 30 days supply of CBD Skin Cream (Just Pay S&H).
If you feel CBD Skin Cream is not for you, cancel within 14 days from today to avoid the purchase fee of $ and enrollment in the auto-shipment program which sends you 1 month supply every 30 days at the low price of $ per month.
You will be charged on the same card provided today.
For further information or to cancel anytime, call +1 (833) 206-9239.Modifications to ServicesWe reserve the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Services (or any part thereof) with or without notice.
You agree that we shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Services.Agreement To Arbitrate.
Class Action WaiverAny dispute or claim relating in any way to this agreement shall be resolved by binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association in accord with its Commercial Arbitration Rules (visit www.adr.org or call 800-778-7879).
The arbitrator shall have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability, or formation of this agreement.
The arbitrator shall not conduct arbitration as a class or representative action.
The customer acknowledge that this agreement is a transaction in interstate commerce governed by the Federal Arbitration Act.
The customer agrees to waive any right to pursue any dispute relating to this agreement in any class, private attorney general, or other representative action.No Medical AdviceThe Site does not provide medical advice and is not engaged in rendering medical or professional services or advice, and the information provided on the Site is not intended to replace medical advice offered by a health care provider.
We strongly recommend that you promptly consult a physician or professional health care provider prior to use of any product.
Neither the product nor the ingredients in the product have been approved or endorsed by the FDA or any regulatory agency for treatment of obesity or to cause weight loss.Product InformationThe products advertised on this site have not been approved or cleared by a government regulatory body.
You should not construe anything on the Site as a promotion or solicitation for any product or service or for the use of any product or service that is not authorized by the laws and regulations of the country where you are located, including the United States.Exclusion of WarrantyWhile we use reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information in the Site, we no warranties or representations as to its accuracy.
We assume no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the Site.
Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Site is provided to you 'AS IS' WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you.
Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties.User SubmissionsAny 'personally identifiable information' in electronic communications to the Site is governed by the Site's Privacy Policy which is posted on the site.Links From Other SitesWe have not reviewed all of the sites linked to this Site and are not responsible for the content of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to the Site.
We do not take any responsibility for any information or claims that were made by other websites and encourage you to alert us if a website is making false claims and linking to our site or product at contact@vitapurecbd.com.Governing LawThis agreement and its performance shall be governed by the laws of the state of New York, United States of America, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.
You consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Rochester County, the state of New York, United States of America, in all questions and controversies arising out of your use of the Site and this Agreement.
To the extent allowed by applicable law, any claim or cause of action arising from or relating to your access or use of the Site must be brought within two (2) years from the date on which such claim or action arose or accrued.
This purchase will appear on your credit card statement as "vitapurecbd.com".
Product sold by VitaPureCBD.NeoBod TermsIncluded with each purchase is a 30 day membership to NeoBod.
After the initial 30 days, you will be billed $19.95 per month for access.
You may cancel at any time by calling 866 530-6616 or emailing support@neobod.netDISCLOSURE LANGUAGE - TELEMED HEALTH BENEFITSI also acknowledge that I understand that by placing VitaPureCBD.
I am automatically enrolled in the Sociallity AccessNow health community program.
I further acknowledge that I understand that my membership in AccessNow is included in my product purchase, that my complementary membership will remain active for as long as I remain an active customer of VitaPureCBD, and that once I am no longer an active customer of VitaPureCBD the membership dues shall, at my option, become my responsibility.
I hereby grant authorization for the monthly membership dues to be charged to the credit card or debit card used to complete the purchase of VitaPureCBD.
I further acknowledge, agree to, and accept the AccessNow Privacy Policy, the AccessNow Website Use Terms and Conditions, and the AccessNow Terms and Condition.
I acknowledge that I understand that my AccessNow membership can be canceled at any time by calling 1-888-233-0507, by emailing cancel@sociallityaccessnow.com, or by visiting www.sociallityaccessnow.com/cancel/.

