
        Last updated: June, 2021OverviewThank you for using the VMock platform provided by VMock and its subsidiaries and affiliates including its officers, employees, agents, representatives, consultants, and contractors (hereinafter referred to as "VMock", "we", "us" or "our") which consists of our websites and/or sub-domains (collectively, the "Site"), the services provided through the Site and underlying technology, our related mobile applications, developer platforms, premium services, or any content and information provided as part of these services including but not limited to e-mail communications (hereinafter referred to as the "Services").
This Privacy Policy states our policies and practices regarding the collection, use, processing, storage, transfer, and disclosure of information obtained from the visitors to our Site and the direct or indirect users of our Services (hereinafter referred to as "you”, "your" or "User").
We are committed to protecting your privacy and therefore have adopted this Privacy Policy to ensure that we can do so while offering products and services that create the most value for you.
This Privacy Policy is subject to our Terms of Service and is incorporated into and made part of the Terms of Service.
You should review this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Service periodically for any modifications or changes.
VMock's mission is to ensure that every individual has the best career journey they possibly can and we enable this through a career development platform that leverages a sophisticated analytics engine.
We build innovative products that are cutting edge and deliver strong value.
In order to offer this Site and/or Services there may be an exchange of data including personally identifiable information between VMock and User.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, the reference to personally identifiable information includes the term Personal Data.
"Personal Data" means individually identifiable information about an individual collected from that individual by us via the Site and/or Services.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, the reference to "Employer" would include, but is not limited to, any organization, institution, government entity, agency, company, individual, professional services firm, non-profit association, small business or store who employs or puts to work, a person, and their subsidiaries and affiliates including their officers, employees, agents, representatives, consultants, and contractors who are legally and voluntarily provided access to the employer platform of the Site and/or Service.
By using or signing up to our Site and/or Services you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and consent to the processing of information about you as described here and in compliance with relevant data protection laws.
The collection, use, storage, transfer and disclosure of your personally identifiable information will be governed by the terms set out in this Policy.PRIVACY SHIELDVMock complies with the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework, as set forth by the U.S.
Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and/or Switzerland, to the United States.
VMock has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles of notice, choice, accountability for onward transfers, security, data integrity and purpose limitation, access, recourse, enforcement and liability.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy" or "Policy") and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit: https://www.privacyshield.gov/.IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE STOP USING OUR SITE AND/OR SERVICES IMMEDIATELY.
Collection of InformationIn addition to information that you supply explicitly on the website including, but not limited to, your name, address, email address, phone number and work history, we may also collect information such as your IP address, Internet browser details, bandwidth, Internet Service Provider and other information needed to provide you with access to our Site and/or Services and obtain analytics.
We gather your information in the following ways:


Registering on our Services
When you create an account with us, we collect profile information such as your name, email address, and password.
To access our Site and/or Services you must create an account by clicking on "Continue with LinkedIn" or "Continue with Facebook" or "Continue with Email" or through Single Sign-on or other similar registering options, if available.
You understand that, by creating an account, we will be able to identify you by your registered profile.
Our third-party vendors, including but not limited, to PayPal, CCAvenue might likewise ask for your credit card or bank details, in the event that you purchase our premium services.
We do not collect or use any payment information and we claim no responsibility or liability for payment transactions.

NOTICE FOR USERS: If you are given access to the Site and/or Services by the organization you are affiliated with (such as a college or university), this Privacy Policy does not govern that organization's collection, use, or disclosure of personally identifiable information through the Site and/or Services.
We are not responsible for your organization's collection, use, or disclosure of your personally identifiable information.
VMock will retain personally identifiable information we process on behalf of organizations for as long as needed to provide services and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.


Profile Information
We gather information when you create a profile using the aforementioned sign up alternatives.
Information uploaded or synced with our Services is covered by this Privacy Policy.


Using our Services
We gather information from you when you use our Site and/or Services.
For example, we gather data when you participate in surveys meant to improve our Services, install our mobile application, view content and give network feedback.We gather information from the gadgets and networks that you use to access our Services.
We may also get geolocation information passed on to us by third-party services or GPS-enabled devices.
If you have blocked real time location data from being shared through your mobile device settings, we will not receive your real-time location data.


Using Third-Party Services and Visiting Third-Party Sites
When you access our Site and/or Services through a third party’s website or linked pages, any information provided by you to either us or the third party could be shared across both.
We will utilize this information to customize our offerings, including allowing you to share information with people in your network and obtaining feedback from your network.
Please note that the information you share with such third party will be subject to their privacy policy and practices.
VMock is not responsible or liable for any claim arising from or related to third party privacy policies and practices.
When you visit or leave our Site by clicking a hyperlink or when you use a third-party plugin to access our Services, we will receive the URL of the site from which you came or the one to which you are directed.
We additionally receive your IP address or the proxy server that you use or have used to access the Site, information on web browser that you use or have used, details about your mobile device (in the event that you are accessing our services using a cell phone), and the name of your ISP or your mobile network carrier.
We may receive certain profile related information from third parties that you use to access our services.
We may give reports containing aggregated impression data to the facilitated third-party's plugins and similar technologies to help measure activity and traffic, but we will not share any of your personal information, except as set forth in Section 3 of this Privacy Policy.



Use of Information

To Provide our Services 
Information provided by you will be used for platform functionality including but not limited to, analysis and scoring, requesting feedback from individuals from your networks or to connect you with potential Employers as prompted by you or for sending you promotional and/or behavioural emails.


Service Communications
We may use your contact information for limited purposes, including but not limited to recordkeeping, feedback purposes, content improvement, or to customize the content and layout of our Site and/or Services.
We also may use this information to communicate with you through email, notices etc.
posted on the Site, and other means accessible through the Services, to (a) welcome and advise you about how to utilize our Site and/or Services, new features, updates, and so on.
(b) provide Site and/or Services related information which will cover availability, security, and other issues about the working of our Site and/or Services.
You agree that we may use this information for such communication with you.


Network Feedback
Your information is used when you send communications to your network through our Services, i.e.
the recipient can see your name, email address, and community data.
For example, an invitation sent to provide feedback using our Services will list your name and email address in the header of the message.
If you use communities, blogs, or chat rooms on our Site, you should be aware that any personal information you submit there can be read, collected, and used by other Users of these Services.
VMock is not responsible for the personal information that you choose to submit in these forums, unless it was released by VMock without your consent.
By using the Site and/or the Services, you expressly release VMock and its subsidiaries and affiliates including its officers, employees, agents, representatives, consultants, and contractors from any and all responsibility or liability from external feedback providers.
You may receive a third-party request for network feedback through our Services when the requestor provides us your personal details such as email id and name.
By providing feedback you expressly release VMock and its subsidiaries and affiliates including its officers, employees, agents, representatives, consultants, and contractors from any and all responsibility or liability and accept the terms of the Privacy Policy.


Customize and Enhance our Services
We use information and content provided by you to conduct research and development and to customize your experience, try to make it relevant and valuable to you, and drive User growth and engagement of our Services.


Customer Service
When you contact our customer support, we collect information that helps us categorize your requests and respond to it.
We also use this information to track potential problems and trends and customize our support responses to serve you better.
Our customer support will endeavour to request or review only such information that is necessary to assist in your query or provide any other technical help you may require.


Third-Party Practices
We may employ or engage third party companies and individuals to facilitate support, investigation, review, promotion and advancement of our Site and/or Services.
Additionally, we may use third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary content, hardware, software, networking, storage and related technology required to run the Site and/or Services.
These third parties are bound by confidentiality and privacy obligations consistent with this Policy and have limited access to your information, meant only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are committed to not disclose or use it for any other purposes.

The Site and/or Services may contain links to third party websites that are not owned or controlled by VMock and these links may contain third party ads, polls and surveys.
These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by VMock of the content on such websites.
In addition, VMock will not and cannot censor or edit content of any third-party websites.
Please note that VMock is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third-party websites.
By using the Site and/or the Services, you expressly release VMock and its officers, employees, agents, representatives, consultants, and contractors from any and all responsibility or liability from your use of any third-party websites.
We also cannot be responsible for your Personal Data that you submit to third parties using the Services.
Please check their individual policies before you submit any information to those websites.
Colleges and Universities, including related associations and consortiums, and their employees and contractors (hereinafter referred to as "Colleges and Universities") may use the Site and/or Services to coordinate the interactions of employers with students and alumni for hiring or other related purposes.
Colleges and Universities, students and alumni must also at all times comply with applicable laws that relate to the Site and/or Services including their use of Site and/or Services or any information or content posted therein.
Employers using the Site and/or Services have access to and must use student and alumni data only for recruiting, interviewing, and hiring purposes in accordance with this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Employers have access to information submitted by the User as a part of the job application.
Once submitted, VMock does not control the use of resumes.
Additionally, once your resume has been disclosed, we are not able to retrieve it or ensure the destruction of it by the third parties who accessed it.
We advise that any data provided by you including your resume should not contain sensitive information including racial or ethnic origin, political or religious beliefs, biometric or identification numbers and personality profiles.
You agree that any such information provided by you is solely at your own risk.
Users that have questions regarding the privacy practices and policies of employers with respect to personal information should contact the employer directly.


Information Processing Outside Your Nation
We may transfer your information and process it outside your country of residence.
You acknowledge that your information may be subject to the privacy and data protection laws and regulations which may be different from any applicable laws and regulations of your country of residence.


Employers
We may use an individual's information to maximize opportunities to connect such individual with potential Employers.
We may use an individual's information to allow that individual to contact Employers and Employers to contact an individual.



Disclosure of Personal InformationWe do not share, sell, rent or trade your personal information with third-parties including for marketing purposes other than as disclosed within this Policy.
We may share your personal information to third parties in the following circumstances: 
(a) with your consent.
(b) where it is necessary to complete your instructions.
(c) where it is necessary in order to provide our Services.
(d) when we believe in good faith that it is required by law, subpoena or other legal methodology.
(e) as necessary to enforce our Terms of Service or ensure the rights, property, or security of VMock and our Users.
(f) detect, prevent or otherwise address security issues, technical issues or fraud.
(g) in the event of a change of control, such as a sale, merger, bankruptcy, liquidation, receivership or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of our company, provided the third party agrees to the terms of this Policy.
(h) when the third party is a company owned by, is a subsidiary of or under common ownership with us or our ultimate holding company and any subsidiaries it owns.
Such company is bound by this Privacy Policy and can use your personal information in the same way as we can under this Policy.
(i) if you provide any testimonials about our Services, we may post those testimonials in connection with our promotion of these Services to third parties.
Testimonials may include your name and other personal information that you have provided.
We may disclose the information you share with us on an aggregate basis to other Users of the Site and/or Services and to service providers and other agents engaged to perform functions on our behalf (such as processing of payments, hosting of our website, marketing of our products and services, conducting audits, and performing analytics).

CookiesWe may use cookies and similar technologies to gather information so as to help us recognize you across our Site and/or Services, enhance your experience, increase security, measure use and viability of our Services.
A cookie is a piece of information that is stored on your computer's hard drive by your Web browser.
When you revisit our Site and/or Services, our server recognizes the cookie, giving us information about your history.
Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but you can alter the settings of your browser to prevent automatic acceptance.
If you disable cookies in your browser, certain parts of the Site and/or Services may not function as effectively.
By using our Site and/or Services you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and consent to the placement of cookies and similar technologies in your browser and HTML emails.

Data AggregationWe may collect information about your use of our Site and/or Services, which is then also used on an anonymized, aggregated basis.
This information is strictly for analytics purposes and to help us improve the features and quality of our Site and Service.
Such anonymized data will have all direct personal identifiers removed such as name, ID numbers, date of birth, demographic information, geolocation information etc.
We may share aggregated information that includes non-identifying information with third parties for industry analysis and demographic profiling.
Furthermore, we agree not to attempt to re-identify anonymized data.
Users of the Site and/or Services shall not be entitled to any compensation stemming from the use of such aggregated or anonymized information.
This section 5 is subject to exceptions listed under Section 3.

Your Choices &amp.
Obligations

Option for Information Removal and Opt-Out 
We may use your personal information to communicate with you through email, notices posted on the Site, and other means accessible through the Services, to offer you products and/or services.
If you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, you may opt-out by unsubscribing from the communication or by emailing us at privacy@vmock.com.


Rights to Access, Correct, or Delete Your Information, and Closing Your Account
You have the right to access, change or correct your individual profile information, i.e.
your Personal Data, with respect to your account.
You can do so by logging in to your VMock account or by contacting our data protection officer at privacy@vmock.com.
We reserve the right to take appropriate steps to authenticate your identity before providing access and to deny requests.
If you wish to delete your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, please contact us at privacy@vmock.com.
Kindly note that doing so may result in your not being able to access or receive certain services.



Data RetentionWe retain your information for as long as your account stays active or as is required to provide you with the Services or to provide services to the recipient of your feedback or to provide support-related reporting and trend/pattern analysis only.
We may hold your individual information even after you have closed or deactivated your account if such information retention is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service.

Children's PrivacyWe will never knowingly collect information from children under the age of thirteen (13) years without verifiable parental consent.
If we become aware that a User is under the age of thirteen (13) years and has submitted information without verifiable parental consent, we will take reasonable measures to remove their information from our files or database.
If you reasonably believe that we have collected any personal information from a child younger than 13 years of age, please notify us immediately at privacy@vmock.com Information Security.

Information SecurityVMock has implemented commercially reasonable technical and organisational security measures, including but not limited to, User authentication and data encryption, to protect your information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and/or destruction.
VMock will conduct periodic risk assessments and remediate identified security vulnerabilities in a commercially reasonable manner.
VMock does not assume any liability for disclosure of any such data, including without limitations, due to unauthorized access of data and security lapses of third-parties.
Site and/or Services Users are urged to validate information such as job postings and use caution and common sense when applying and relying on such data.
For example, do not disclose Social Security numbers, credit card information, or bank account numbers with unknown employers.
Although we strive to provide a high standard of security and privacy, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure or effective, and we do not guarantee or warrant to the security and privacy of any data, information or content.
You should be mindful to share only the information that you feel comfortable under these circumstances.

Additional ObligationsCLAUSE 10 IS ONLY APPLICABLE WHERE THE USER IS AN EMPLOYER.
User may use the Site and/or Services to post employment opportunities through the Site and/or Services.
User may also search student and alumni resumes posted on the Site and/or Services if a student or alumni agrees to release their resume through the act of applying to jobs or participating in resume books or other employment activities.
User posting jobs through the Site and/or Services are required to comply with all applicable laws, including without limitation equal employment opportunity and anti-discrimination laws.
Where applicable, by accessing and using the Sites and/or Services, User explicitly agrees to use any data you view on or through the Sites and/or Services only to the extent reasonably necessary to consider an individual for the applicable position or other authorized purpose.
User may access and use various tools, features, and functionality of the Site and/Services, such as posting jobs and reviewing student and alumni resumes and other job application materials.
User agrees to use, disclose, protect all information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Specifically, User agrees not to disclose any information to any third party except as otherwise provided in this policy.
User agrees to provide candidates the option to update, correct and delete their information upon request.
User agrees to provide reasonable security to protect information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
User’s failure to abide by the terms of this Privacy Policy may result in legal liabilities and obligations.

Changes to this PolicyWe are always making efforts to innovate and enhance our Service, by developing new features either internally or through partnerships, which may lead to the creation of new data collection ways and approaches.
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy and update the same on our Site and/or Services.
In particular, and without limiting the foregoing, we may modify this Policy to reflect changes in the way we collect, use or disclose information, or to reflect changes in privacy laws, regulations and/or industry standards.
Such modifications shall become effective immediately upon the posting thereof on the Site.
Although we may notify you when material changes are made to the Privacy Policy, you must review the Privacy Policy on a regular basis to keep yourself apprised of any changes.
We strongly recommend you to check the "Last Updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy to familiarize yourself with the most up-to-date version of this document.
Your continued use of our Site and/or Services after any changes will signify and confirm your express acceptance of those changes.


California's Shine the Light LawCalifornia Civil Code Section 1798.83, known as the “Shine the Light” Law, permits our customers who are California residents to request and obtain from us a list of what personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year and the names and addresses of those third parties.
Under Section 1798.83, we currently do not share any personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
If you are a California resident and require further information you may reach us at privacy@vmock.com.
Additionally, if you require, you can mail us at:
VMock, Inc.311 West Superior, Suite 500Chicago, IL 60654

European Economic Area and SwitzerlandThe information that we collect from the Users located in countries that are part of the European Economic Area and Switzerland may be transferred to and stored outside the European Economic Area ("EEA") and Switzerland, in the United States.
It may be processed by staff operating outside of the EEA who work for us.
By using the Site and/or Services, you hereby consent to the collection, transfer, storage, processing, and other use of your information, including Personal Data, in the United States or other applicable destination.
You also warrant that you have the right to transfer such information outside your country and into the United States.
We comply with the applicable local data protection legislation of the EEA and Switzerland relating to the collection, transfer, storage, processing, and other use of your information.

Internet Advertising BureauWe do not sell, rent, share or trade your personal information for marketing purposes.
The association for digital marketers drafted a guide on online behavioural advertising and online privacy that you can find on http://www.aboutads.info/choices.

Annual AssessmentVMock assures compliance with this EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Policy and the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework by utilizing the self-assessment approach as specified by the US Department of Commerce.
The assessment is conducted on an annual basis to ensure that all of VMock’s relevant privacy practices are being followed in conformance with this EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Policy and the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework.
Any employee that VMock determines is in violation of these policies will be subject to discipline, up to and including termination of employment and/or criminal prosecution.

EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Compliance and Independent Recourse MechanismVMock is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
VMock commits to cooperate with the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and/or the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner and comply with the advice given by such authorities and/or Commissioner with regard to human resources data transferred from the EU and/or Switzerland in the context of any employment relationship.
In accordance with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework, VMock may be potentially liable for the onward transfer of Personal Data to third parties.
VMock will not transfer any personal information to a third-party without first ensuring that the third-party adheres to the terms substantially similar to the terms of this Policy.
VMock does not transfer personal information to unrelated third parties, unless required by applicable law or regulation, or in certain limited or exceptional circumstances in accordance with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework.
In the event that VMock is requested to transfer Personal Data to an unrelated third party, VMock will ensure that VMock enters into a written agreement with the third party requiring them to provide protections consistent with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, VMock commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information.
European Union and/or Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact VMock’s Privacy Officer at privacy@vmock.com.
We will promptly investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes in a manner that complies with the principles described in this Policy.
VMock has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to the International Centre for Dispute Resolution®, the international division of the American Arbitration Association® (ICDR/AAA).
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not resolved your complaint, please contact or visit the International Centre for Dispute Resolution, the international division of the American Arbitration Association for more information or to file a complaint.
This organization provides independent dispute resolution services, at no charge to you.
ICDR/AAA can be contacted at http://go.adr.org/privacyshield.html.
If, after attempting to resolve a dispute through ICDR/AAA, you feel that your concerns about the use of your Personal Information have not been resolved, you may seek resolution of the issue through binding arbitration.
For more information about the binding arbitration process, please visit http://www.privacyshield.gov.
For any additional information visit: https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction.

How to contact usIf you have any questions about this Policy or to submit a privacy related complaint, please contact our privacy compliance officer by email at privacy@vmock.com.
If we receive a complaint or grievance from you, we will respond to you within four (4) to six (6) weeks and will use reasonable efforts to investigate and resolve the complaint or dispute.


