
Last updated: September, 2022IntroductionVMock Inc.
and its subsidiary VMock India Private Limited (“we” or “us” or “our”) use cookies, web beacons, tracking pixels, and other tracking technologies when you visit our website ‘www.vmock.com’, including any other media form, media channel, mobile website, or mobile application related or connected thereto (collectively, the “Site”) to help customize the site and improve your experience.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Cookie Policy at any time and for any reason.
We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Last Updated” date of this Cookie Policy.
Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the updated Cookie Policy on the Site, and you waive the right to receive specific notice of each such change or modification.
You are encouraged to periodically review this Cookie Policy to stay informed of updates.
You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Cookie Policy by your continued use of the Site after the date such revised Cookie Policy is posted.


Use of CookiesA “cookie” is a string of information which assigns you a unique identifier that we store on your computer.
Your browser then provides that unique identifier to use each time you submit a query to the Site.
We use cookies on the Site to, among other things, keep track of services you have used, record registration information, record your user preferences, keep you logged into the Site, facilitate purchase procedures, and track the pages you visit.
Cookies help us understand how the Site is being used and improve your user experience.
Session-based cookies last only while your browser is open and are automatically deleted when you close your browser.
Persistent cookies last until you or your browser delete them or until they expire.

Types of CookiesThe following types of cookies may be used when you visit the Site:


Essential Cookies
These are necessary cookies, without which the Site won't work properly or be able to provide certain features and functionalities.
For example, these cookies allow us to remember your registration information while you are logged in.
Some of these may be manually disabled in your browser but may affect the functionality of the Site.
These cookies are set by VMock and information collected from these cookies is used by us in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice.


Functionality Cookies
Functional cookies (such as session IDS) are stored on the browser.
The purpose of functionality cookies are used to recognize repeat visitors to the Site.
Language preference and accessibility information are stored in cookies along with your communication preferences.
They can help you complete forms on our Sites more easily.
They also provide you with features, insights and customized content.


Security and Authentication Cookies
Security cookies help identify and prevent security risks.
We use these cookies to authenticate users and protect user data from unauthorized parties.
e.g.
CSRF cookies.
If you’ve signed into our Services, cookies help us show you the right information and personalize your experience.


Social Networking Service Cookies
These cookies are used when you share information using a social media sharing button or you link your account or engage with our content on or through a social networking service such as Facebook, Twitter or Google+.
The social networking service will record that you have done this.


Site Management Cookies
Site management cookies are used to maintain your identity or session on the Site so that you are not logged off unexpectedly, and any information you enter is retained from page to page.
These cookies cannot be turned off individually, but you can disable all cookies in your browser.


Analytics and Performance Cookies
These cookies are used to collect information about traffic to our Services and how users interact with the Services.
The information collected includes the number of visitors to the Services, the websites that referred visitors to the Services, the pages that they visited on the Services, what time of day they visited the Services, whether they have visited the Services before, and other similar information.
We use this information to help operate the Services more efficiently, to gather broad demographic information and to monitor the level of activity on the Services.



Control of CookiesMost browsers are set to accept cookies by default.
However, you can take several actions to control cookies through your browser’s settings, such as deleting all cookies, blocking all cookies, allowing all cookies, blocking “third-party” cookies (i.e.
cookies set by online services other than us), clear all cookies when you close your browser, open a “private browsing” or “incognito” session that allows you to browse the web without recording your browsing history or storing local data such as cookies (although this feature does have limits in the privacy context), and installing add-ons and plugins that extend brower functionality..
Please be aware that such actions could affect the availability and functionality of the Site.
For more information on how to control cookies, check your browser or device’s settings for how you can control or reject cookies, or visit the following links:
Apple SafariGoogle ChromeMicrosoft EdgeMozilla FirefoxOperaAndroid (Chrome)Iphone or Ipad (Chrome)Iphone or Ipad (Safari)

Other Tracking TechnologiesIn addition to cookies, we may use web beacons, pixel tags, and other tracking technologies on the Site to help customize the Site and improve your experience.
A “web beacon” or “pixel tag” is a tiny object or image embedded in a web page or email.
They are used to track the number of users who have visited particular pages and viewed emails and acquire other statistical data.
They collect only a limited set of data, such as a cookie number, time and date of page or email view, and a description of the page or email on which they reside.
Web beacons and pixel tags cannot be declined.
However, you can limit their use by controlling the cookies that interact with them.

Privacy NoticeFor more information about how we use information collected by cookies and other tracking technologies, please refer to our Privacy Notice posted on the Site.
This Cookie Policy is part of and is incorporated into our Privacy Notice.
By using the Site, you agree to be bound by this Cookie Policy and our Privacy Notice.

Contact UsIf you have questions or comments about this Cookie Policy, please contact us at: infosec@vmock.com.


