
        Vocaroo Privacy Policy and GDPR informationThis privacy policy will explain how Vocaroo uses the personal data that is collected from you when you use our services.What data do we collect?Vocaroo collects the following data:

Your IP address and web browser details in server log files
Email address, but only if you register with the mailing list or create a Vocaroo account
Mobile number, but only if you elect to use this as your login for a Vocaroo account
How do we collect your data?You directly provide Vocaroo with most of the data we collect.
We collect and process data when you:

Open a page on the Vocaroo website or otherwise interact with the website, including to initiate an audio recording
Register to the Vocaroo mailing list or create a Vocaroo account
How will we use your data?Vocaroo collects your data so that we can:

Manage a Vocaroo account, if you choose to create one
Identify and debug technical errors with the Vocaroo website
Send you news and updates, if you opt-in to this
How do we store your data?Vocaroo stores your data with well known cloud storage providers located within the European Union.
Vocaroo will keep IP addresses and web browser details in server log files for no longer than two weeks before they are automatically deleted.
Account registration details will be kept until you choose to delete them.
Audio recordings will be kept until you choose to delete them, or they may automatically expire and be removed if they are accessed infrequently.
Please be aware that Vocaroo is designed for the easy sharing of audio files with others, and so should not be used for highly private or confidential audio.
While in general, only a person who has been given the unique link should be easily able to view an audio, the short, shareable, nature of the links do not provide the highest degrees of security required for confidential purposes.MarketingIf you subscribe to the Vocaroo mailing list, Vocaroo will send you occasional information regarding updates or new features.
This is opt-in, and you may always opt out at a later date by following the unsubscribe instructions in any mailing.
You have the right at any time to stop Vocaroo from contacting you for marketing purposes.
As well as the opt out option in every mailing, you can request to opt out by emailing contact@vocaroo.comWhat are your data protection rights?Every user is entitled to the following:

The right to access - You have the right to request Vocaroo for copies of your personal data.

The right to rectification - You have the right to request that Vocaroo correct any account information you believe is inaccurate.
You also have the right to request Vocaroo to complete the information you believe is incomplete.

The right to erasure - You have the right to request that Vocaroo erase your personal data, under certain conditions.

The right to restrict processing - You have the right to request that Vocaroo restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.

The right to object to processing - You have the right to object to Vocaroo's processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.

The right to data portability - You have the right to request that Vocaroo transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at contact@vocaroo.comCookiesCookies are text files stored in your web browser by websites to remember users and user data across visits.
When you visit our website, we may store information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology.How do we use cookies?Vocaroo uses cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our website, including:

Keeping you signed in and storing account data, such as a list of your audio recordings
What types of cookies do we use?There are a number of different types of cookies, however, our website uses:

Functionality - Vocaroo uses these cookies so that we recognize you on our website and remember your previously selected preferences.
These could include your login details and audio recorder settings.
Advertising - Vocaroo makes use of Google Ads to support the website, and they may collect certain data from you.
When you visit another website, you may be shown advertising based on your browsing patterns on our website.
(If you are in the EU, this information is only used for ad frequency capping, aggregated ad reporting, and to combat fraud and abuse, and is not used to personalize ads on other websites.)


Please take a look at the Google Ads privacy policies, which include instructions for managing and disabling cookies.How to manage cookiesYou can configure your web browser not to accept cookies, or use incognito mode available in most browsers.
However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.Changes to our privacy policyVocaroo keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page.
This privacy policy was last updated on 26 March 2020.How to contact usIf you have any questions about Vocaroo's privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please contact us by email at contact@vocaroo.com
