
        Welcome to the Vodafone V App (the “App”), provided by Vodafone Sales and Services Limited, registered in England and Wales at Vodafone House, The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire, RG14 2FN under registered number 06844137 (“We”).
Licence
We grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable licence to download and use the App on one device that you own or control for personal non-commercial use only.

Charges
The App can be used to activate and manage IOT tariffs in connection with certain Vodafone IOT devices and V SIM cards.
You may also be able to subscribe to additional services related to your connected devices via the App.
Charges may apply to such subscriptions but these will be made clear to you at the point of purchase.
In addition to the cost of the subscriptions there may be data charges for downloading and using the App in the UK.
If you access the App outside the UK you may incur data charges at the standard data rates applicable to your mobile tariff for roaming.

Your responsibilities
You will need to check that the App is compatible with your device prior to downloading.
In order to make full use of the App you will need to connect either a V SIM or connected device, these are sold separately.
You may not copy, distribute, unzip, reverse engineer, decompile or otherwise disassemble the App or use any of its constituent elements in any way, save as permitted by applicable law.

Exclusion of warranties and limitation of liability
You will need to check that the App is compatible with your device prior to downloading.
In order to make full use of the App you will need to connect either a V SIM or connected device, these are sold separately.

Registration
If you are a Vodafone customer the App will automatically identify your account details and link the App installed on your device to your Vodafone Account.
If you are not currently a Vodafone mobile customer, you will be required to register certain details including your mobile phone number and your email address in order to use the App and any related services.

Your Information
We will collect information to provide you with the Services via the V-App a.
We will collect, use, store or share your information in accordance with our V-App supplement and the Vodafone privacy policy.

General
These Terms shall be governed and interpreted in accordance with English law and you and we both consent to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.

Contact us
Online: click here to contact us From a Vodafone mobile: 191 Other UK number: 03333 048 069 (standard call charges apply). From abroad: +44 7836 191 191 (standard international call charges apply). Vodafone Limited, Vodafone House, The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire RG14 2FN.
June 2017.
