

 Voice Cloning Supported Apps Platforms Support Join Voice Universe Voice Cloning Apps Platforms Support Join Voice Universe DMCA Policy  All content, data, models and derivative works on Voice.ai are user generated by the Voice.ai Community (Voice Universe) and are to be used in accordance with Voice.ai TOS, namely for the purpose of parody.
Voice.ai is not responsible for any data uploaded by its users.
If you believe your copyrighted content is being infringed, please submit a DMCA request here.

 Notification of Copyright Infringement Voice.ai is in compliance with 17 U.S.C.
§512 and the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA").
It is our policy to respond to any infringement notices and take appropriate actions under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") and other applicable intellectual property laws.

 If your copyrighted material has been posted on Voice.ai or if links to your copyrighted materials are returned through a search engine and you want this material removed, you must provide a written communication that details the information listed in the following section.
Please be aware that you will be liable for damages (including costs and attorney’s fees) if you misrepresent information listed on our site that is infringing on your copyrights.

 The following elements must be included in your copyright infringement claim:  a.
Provide evidence of the authorized person to act on behalf of the owner of and exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
 b.
A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed upon, including at least one search term under which the material appears in Voice.ai search results.
 c.
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
 d.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Must be signed by the authorized person to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly being infringed.


 Please allow us to responde to you in 5 business days.
Please follow the form below to submit your information.
 Your Name* ​ Your E-Mail* ​ Subject* ​ Reported ID on Voice.ai* ​ Your URL of the copyrighted work* ​ Describe the copyrighted work* ​ SUBMIT Get Early Access ​ Get Notified Get Notified 




 Download For Free About Career Company Ethics Branding Guidelines Supported Apps Support Info Affiliate Partner Resource Hub FAQ Terms of Service Privacy Policy DMCA © 2022 Voice AI.
All rights reserved.

      