
In order to provide a professional service, we have set up a few guidelines for users of our service.
Some of these guidelines may seem strict, but they ensure a safe, functional, and trusted environment for all our customers. PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES You may use our site and VPN Services only for lawful purposes.
Including, but not limited to the following, you may not use our Site or our VPN Service to engage in the following activities:

Send SPAM messages (both e-mail spam, bulk mail and web spam)
Illegal or unauthorized access to other computers or networks (hacking activities)
Scan ports or networks
Distribute of Internet viruses, worms, trojans, malware, rootkits or other destructive activities
Launch of DoS/DDoS attacks or attract DDoS attacks
Participate in fraud and phishing
Transmit any copyrighted, trademark, or patented content
Transmit child pornography
Promote or provide instructional information on terrorism or other illegal activities
Engage into any other illegal activities
Sharing the VPN account with other people

 We reserve the right to make changes to this list or define what we consider abuse.
Spam &amp.
Unsolicited Communication Spam of any sort is strictly prohibited.
Any client found to be sending spam or unsolicited communications will be immediately terminated.
 Webspam and comment spam (i.e.: blackhat SEO tactics) are also prohibited.
 In order to minimize SPAM abuse of our network, we block outgoing SMTP (TCP port 25) connections.
We allow Submission connections (TCP port 587) and SSL SMTL (TCP port 465) which are widely used by most e-mail providers such as Gmail, Outlook, Apple Cloud and Yahoo!.
Hacking Activities You may not use our VPN Sevices to compromise computers/networks, to access compromised computers/networks, to brute-force/guess passwords of others (i.e.: email accounts, social media profiles, blogs etc.) or to launch any kind of hacking/cracking attacks.
 Port scans of computers/networks, intentional sending of computer viruses, backdoors, malware, and/or launching of DoS/DDoS attacks are prohibited.
 Fraud, scam and phishing Using our VPN Service to participation in fraudulent activities such as but not limited to eBay scams, Paypal accounts/credit card fraud or to engage in phishing activities is strictly prohibited.
Child Pornography It is strictly prohibited to use our VPN Service to transmit child pornography materials (i.e.: pictures, movies).
Terrorism It is strictly prohibited to use our VPN Services to promote or provide instructional information related to terrorism and similar illegal activities (i.e.: "how to create bombs" guides, plan terrorist attacks etc.) Users using our VPN Services for illegal activities, including but not limited to the ones listed above, will have their accounts immediately cancelled without refund of any fees.

 We reserve the rights to change these terms and policies or to set new additional conditions by posting a new version.

