
Terms
VPNSecure Trust provides its members with the ability to privately retrieve information contained on third party websites and servers through the Internet among other benefits.
In exchange for this service, VPNSecure Trust charges its members a monthly fee.
To open an account you must complete the registration process and successfully complete the payment authorization from our offered payment companies.&nbsp.
You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account.
You agree to notify VPNSecure Trust immediately of any unauthorized use of your account.
You agree to indemnify VPNSecure Trust, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers and employees immune from any claim, demand, or damage, including reasonable attorney fees, that are asserted by any third party due to or arising out of your use of or conduct on the service.
Privacy
It is VPNSecure Trust's policy to respect the privacy of its members.&nbsp.
VPNSecure Trust will not monitor you or your use of the service, including its contents unless VPNSecure Trust has reason to believe that such action is necessary to: (1) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process.
Data kept when becoming a member

Username (You provide, or auto generated)
Password (Encrypted)
Email Address (Can use a temporary one)




No Logging Policy
We do not log any personal information when connecting to our service.'Any data' means but is not limited to the following:

IP Address NOT logged
Connection timestamp NOT logged
Disconnect timestamp NOT logged
Bandwidth used NOT logged
DNS Requests NOT logged




DMCA Notices
We do not have the technical means to identify users based on DMCA notices and therefore any DMCA Notices will not be forwarded to end users due to the above outlined no-logging policy
Affiliates
If you are linking to VPNSecure as an Affiliate you must follow the below rules.

You may not send unsolicited email or black-hat SEO
We encourage the practice of disclosing your affiliation with VPNSecure.
Affiliate partners must advise on how they plan to promote the service.
Affiliates that do not provide information within 7 days will be terminated
When an affiliate link is posted, you are required to notify our support department via email so that we can review the content.
We require all content to be truthful.&nbsp.
If you require information on our services please review FAQ and Feature's pages, if in-doubt contact support




Refunds
If you are unable to use VPNSecure Trust service for whatever reason we will happily refund your money if you meet the following requirements.

You have contacted support and gone through troubleshooting.
You have advised via email or live chat with the refund request within 90 days of the active valid account.
Immediate account disable if fraud is found and refund given.
We will not refund under any circumstances if a particular site or service on the internet does not work, we cannot control what is outside the realm of our VPN network.




Company

Website &amp.
Marketing: VPNSecure Pty Ltd (ABN: 41 151 546 020) is the Trustee for VPNSecure Trust (ABN: 76 159 968 869) 360 St Pauls Terrace, Fortitude Valley, Brisbane Queensland Australia
