
         Legal Agreement Home / Privacy Policy



Welcome to VPS FO (hereinafter, "us", "we", "our", "RDP Black" or "VPS FO")
Your privacy is critically important to us.
VPS FO is located at: https://vps.fo

It is VPS FO's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website and services.
This Privacy Policy applies to VPS FO and it’s related services.
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the website or related services.
We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our website or additional services, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties.
This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the website and related services and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.


This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and Conditions posted on our website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our website and related services.
Depending on your activities when visiting our website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.

Website Visitors
Like most website operators, VPS FO collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request.
VPS FO’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Our visitors use our website.
From time to time, we may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of our website and or services.

Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to VPS FO's websites choose to interact with VPS FO in ways that require VPS FO to gather personally-identifying information.
The amount and type of information that VPS FO gathers depends on the nature of the interaction.
For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a service at https://vps.fo to provide a username and email address, a first and last name for billing and subscription purposes.

Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Advertisements
Ads appearing on our website or services may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer.
This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by VPS FO and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us.
If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site.
We strongly encourage you to review the “Privacy Policy” and “Terms and Conditions” of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.

Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
VPS FO discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on VPS FO's behalf or to provide services available at VPS FO's website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others.
Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country.
by using VPS FO's website or services, you consent to the transfer of such information to them.
VPS FO will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone.
Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, VPS FO discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order, law enforcement or other governmental request, or when VPS FO believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of VPS FO, third parties or the public at large.


If you are a registered user of https://vps.fo and have supplied your email address, we may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with us and our products.
We primarily use our community to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum.
If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users.
VPS FO takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect our users and hardware against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.

Aggregated Statistics
VPS FO may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website.
VPS FO may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, VPS FO does not disclose your personally-identifying information.

Affiliate Disclosure
VPS FO uses affiliate links and does earn a commission from certain links.
This does not affect your purchases or the price you may pay.

Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, VPS FO uses "Cookies", similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.


A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns.
VPS FO uses cookies to help us identify and track visitors, their usage of https://vps.fo, and their website access preferences.
VPS FO visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using VPS FO's websites and related services, with the drawback that certain features of VPS FO's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.


By continuing to navigate our website and related services without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to VPS FO's use of cookies.

E-commerce

Those who engage in transactions with VPS FO – by purchasing VPS FO's services or products, are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions.
In each case, VPS FO collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with us.
VPS FO does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.


Business Transfers

If VPS FO, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that VPS FO goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party.
You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of VPS FO may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
You further agree that if such an event occurs, you will then be bound by the Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions of the acquiree.


Privacy Policy Changes

Although most changes are likely to be minor, VPS FO may change our Privacy Policy from time to time, without notice and at our sole discretion.
VPS FO encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to our Privacy Policy.
Your continued use of this website and our services after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.


Contact Information

If you have any queries regarding our policies, please contact us at support@vps.fo

