
         Our Terms Home / Terms of Service 

Welcome to VPS FO (hereinafter, "us", "we", "our", "RDP Black" or "VPS FO")
These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of VPS FO's Services.
VPS FO is located at: https://vps.fo
By accessing this website and services, you have read and accepted these terms and conditions in full.
Do not use or continue to use VPS FO's Services if you do not accept all of the terms and conditions stated on this page.

TERMINOLOGY
The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and any or all Agreements: "Client", "You" and "Your" refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting the Company's terms and conditions.
"The Company", "Ourselves", "We", "Our" and "Us", refers to our Company.
"Party", "Parties", or "Us", refers to both the Client and ourselves, or either the Client or ourselves.
All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner, whether by formal meetings of a fixed duration, or any other means, for the express purpose of meeting the Client's needs in respect of provision of the Company's stated services/products, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing law of.
Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalisation and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.

COOKIES
We employ the use of cookies.
By using VPS FO's website you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with VPS FO's privacy policy.
Most of the modern day interactive websites use cookies to enable us to retrieve user details for each visit.
Cookies are used in some areas of our site to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people visiting.
Some of our affiliate / advertising partners may also use cookies.
LICENSE
Unless otherwise stated, VPS FO and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights for all material on VPS FO.
All intellectual property rights are reserved.
You may view and/or print pages from https://vps.fo for your own personal use subject to restrictions set in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
Republish material from https://vps.fo
Sell, rent or sub-license material from https://vps.fo
Reproduce, duplicate or copy material from https://vps.fo
Redistribute content from VPS FO (unless content is specifically made for redistribution under open source licensing or licences equal to).
REFUNDS, DISPUTES, AND SUSPENDED SERVICES We reserve the right to terminate your account at any time.
RDP servers are eligible for a refund at our sole discretion.
All payments are refunded through the same payment gateway and to the same account.
Refunds cannot be sent anywhere else.
For all other services, refunds are made by a case-by-case basis.
If your refund request has been rejected, you are able to appeal the rejection within 24 hours of the rejection date.
To request a refund, please open a ticket with our Billing Department.
Should a payment be taken back, via a chargeback or similar, VPS FO reserves the right to terminate all accounts and services without warning.
Suspended Services are services which have not been paid for.
We reserve the right to terminate suspended services at any time.
You will not be able to access your services or your files until you have paid your due invoice(s).
We do not provide backups or your files if a service is suspended and you are not able to pay for it.
At our sole discretion, we will reimburse you in account credit if you contact us via billing support, we do not offer credit refunds for any reason.
LIABILITIES
VPS FO is not liable for any damages, including but not limited to downtime or data loss suffered by the client through the use of our services and products.
ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY This Acceptable Use Policy document, including the following list of Prohibited Activities, is an integral part of your Hosting Agreement with VPS FO.
If you engage in any of the activities prohibited by this AUP document VPS FO may suspend or terminate your account.
Customers found in violation with VPS FO's AUP may or may not have their information made public regarding the violation at VPS FO's own disgression.

VPS FO's Acceptable Use Policy (the "Policy") for VPS FO Services is designed to help protect VPS FO, VPS FO's customers and the Internet community in general from irresponsible or, in some cases, illegal activities.
The Policy is a non-exclusive list of the actions prohibited by VPS FO.
VPS FO reserves the right to modify the Policy at any time, effective upon posting at https://vps.fo/terms.html 

Prohibited Uses of VPS FO Systems and Services: 1.
Transmission, distribution or storage of any material in violation of any applicable law or regulation is prohibited.
This includes, without limitation, material protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property right used without proper authorization, and material that is obscene, defamatory, constitutes an illegal threat, or violates export control laws.
2.
Sending Unsolicited Bulk Email ("UBE", "spam").
The sending of any form of Unsolicited Bulk Email through VPS FO's servers is prohibited.
Likewise, the sending of UBE from another service provider advertizing a web site, email address or utilizing any resource hosted on VPS FO's servers, is prohibited.
VPS FO accounts or services may not be used to solicit customers from, or collect replies to, messages sent from another Internet Service Provider where those messages violate this Policy or that of the other provider.
3.
Running Unconfirmed Mailing Lists.
Subscribing email addresses to any mailing list without the express and verifiable permission of the email address owner is prohibited.
All mailing lists run by VPS FO customers must be Closed-loop ("Confirmed Opt-in").
The subscription confirmation message received from each address owner must be kept on file for the duration of the existence of the mailing list.
Purchasing lists of email addresses from 3rd parties for mailing to from any VPS FO-hosted domain, or referencing any VPS FO account, is prohibited.
4.
Advertising, transmitting, or otherwise making available any software, program, product, or service that is designed to violate this AUP or the AUP of any other Internet Service Provider, which includes, but is not limited to, the facilitation of the means to send Unsolicited Bulk Email, initiation of pinging, flooding, mail-bombing, denial of service attacks.
5.
Operating an account on behalf of, or in connection with, or reselling any service to, persons or firms listed in the Spamhaus Register of Known Spam Operations (ROKSO) database at www.spamhaus.org/rokso.
6.
Performing mass port scanning oprations against any computers on the VPS FO or any other network.
7.
Obtaining or attempting to obtain service by any means or device with intent to avoid payment.
8.
Unauthorized access, alteration, destruction, or any attempt thereof, of any information of any VPS FO customers or end-users by any means or device.
9.
Knowingly engage in any activities designed to harass, or that will cause a denial-of-service (e.g., synchronized number sequence attacks) to any other user whether on the VPS FO network or on another provider's network.
10.
Using VPS FO's Services for any purpose that is blatantly malicious and may harm other internet users.


NETWORK USE POLICY
VPS FO reserve the right to cap or suspend your network usage, by accepting service from VPS FO, you agree to stay within our bandwidth limitations cited in our Bandwidth 
Limitations document located at https://vps.fo/bandwidth.html VPS FO reserves the right to modify this document at any time, effective upon posting.
Customer Responsibility for Customer's Users
Each VPS FO customer is responsible for the activities of its users and, by accepting service from VPS FO, is agreeing to ensure that its customers/representatives or end-users abide by this Policy.
Complaints about customers/representatives or end-users of an VPS FO customer will be forwarded to the VPS FO customer's postmaster for action.
If violations of the VPS FO Acceptable Use Policy occur, VPS FO reserves the right to terminate services with or take action to stop the offending customer from violating VPS FO's AUP as VPS FO deems appropriate, without notice.
Customers found in violation with VPS FO's AUP may or may not have their information made public regarding the violation at VPS FO's own disgression.
CONTACT INFORMATION If you have any queries regarding any of our terms, please contact us at support@vps.fo

