
         Close Account 
VSCO
Feed
Sign In




Company
Careers
Support
Press


Guidelines
Privacy
Terms
Disclosures


VSCO
Feed
Sign In
Get the App


Search
 Terms of Use Agreement  Welcome! These Terms of Use explain the terms for using Visual Supply Company’s (“VSCO,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) websites, mobile applications (each “Mobile Software”), and online services available, accessible, or enabled via the websites or Mobile Software (each a “Service” and collectively called the “Services”).
Please read these Terms of Use carefully before accessing or using the Services.
We’ve included a brief summary for each section below to help you understand key points, but these summaries are being included for reference purposes only and you acknowledge and agree that they are not intended to be comprehensive summaries, and they do not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
We also ask everyone using the Services to follow our Community Guidelines.
If you have any questions, feel free to reach out on our help site.
This Agreement applies to all visitors, users, and others who access the Services (each a “User”).

 By completing the registration process, browsing VSCO’s websites, downloading the Mobile Software, or otherwise accessing or using the Services, you represent that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use.
If the individual entering into these terms of use or otherwise accessing or using the Services is doing so on behalf of, or within his or her capacity as a representative, agent, or employee of an entity, such individual and such entity agree that: (a) the terms “you” and “your” as used herein apply to such entity and, as applicable, such individual.
and (b) you represent and warrant that the individual entering into these Terms of Use has the power, right, authority, and capacity to enter into these Terms of Use on behalf of such entity.


IF YOU SIGN UP FOR A SUBSCRIPTION, THEN YOUR SUBSCRIPTION WILL CONTINUE FOR THE DURATION SET FORTH AT THE TIME OF PURCHASE AND WILL BE AUTOMATICALLY RENEWED FOR ADDITIONAL PERIODS OF THE SAME DURATION AS THE INITIAL TERM AT VSCO’S THEN-CURRENT FEES FOR THE APPLICABLE SERVICES UNLESS YOU OPT NOT TO RENEW YOUR SUBSCRIPTION.
ANY TERMINATION OF YOUR ACCOUNT WILL NOT CANCEL YOUR SUBSCRIPTION, AND IS NOT AN OPT OUT OF THE RENEWAL OF YOUR SUBSCRIPTION.
YOU MAY CANCEL YOUR SUBSCRIPTION OR OPT OUT OF THE RENEWAL OF A SUBSCRIPTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 5.3 BELOW.


PLEASE BE AWARE THAT SECTION 11 OF THIS AGREEMENT, BELOW, CONTAINS PROVISIONS GOVERNING HOW CLAIMS THAT YOU AND WE HAVE AGAINST EACH OTHER ARE RESOLVED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY CLAIMS THAT AROSE OR WERE ASSERTED PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THIS AGREEMENT.
IN PARTICULAR, IT CONTAINS AN ARBITRATION AGREEMENT THAT WILL, WITH LIMITED EXCEPTIONS, REQUIRE DISPUTES BETWEEN US TO BE SUBMITTED TO BINDING AND FINAL ARBITRATION.
UNLESS YOU OPT OUT OF THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT: (1) YOU WILL ONLY BE PERMITTED TO PURSUE CLAIMS AND SEEK RELIEF AGAINST US ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING.
AND (2) YOU ARE WAIVING YOUR RIGHT TO SEEK RELIEF IN A COURT OF LAW AND TO HAVE A JURY TRIAL ON YOUR CLAIMS.


ANY DISPUTE OR CLAIM RELATING IN ANY WAY TO YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE GOVERNED AND INTERPRETED BY AND UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA, CONSISTENT WITH THE FEDERAL ARBITRATION ACT, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY PRINCIPLES THAT PROVIDE FOR THE APPLICATION OF THE LAW OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION.
THE UNITED NATIONS CONVENTION ON CONTRACTS FOR THE INTERNATIONAL SALE OF GOODS IS EXPRESSLY EXCLUDED FROM THIS AGREEMENT.
 By accessing or using the Services you: 


 agree to follow the Community Guidelines at all times while accessing or using the Services.
and you understand and agree that VSCO reserves the right but not the obligation, in VSCO’s sole discretion to: (a) investigate and determine whether a violation of the Community Guidelines has occurred.
and (b) determine whether and to what extent to enforce the Community Guidelines, including and up to when to terminate Users’ Accounts and remove User Content.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, VSCO may update or modify the Community Guidelines in its sole discretion.

 agree and consent to VSCO’s collection and use of personal information as set forth in VSCO’S Privacy Policy.

 acknowledge and agree that we respect and value the intellectual property rights of creators and it is VSCO’s policy to respond to alleged infringement notices that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (“DMCA”) in accordance with VSCO’s DMCA Policy, which is available here and is hereby made a part of the Agreement.


 The linked policies and terms set out in the foregoing are referred to herein as the “Supplemental Terms” and the Supplemental Terms, together with these Terms of Use are referred to herein as the “Agreement”.
If the Terms of Use are inconsistent with the Supplemental Terms, the Supplemental Terms shall control with respect to such Services.
 Summary: If you use any of our services, like our app or website, then you are agreeing to these terms.
1.
USE OF OUR SERVICE 
1.1 Eligibility. The Services are intended solely for Users who are thirteen (13) years of age or older, and any registration, use, or access to the Services by anyone under thirteen (13) is strictly prohibited and in violation of this Agreement.
You may use the Services only if you can form a binding contract with VSCO, and only in compliance with this Agreement and all applicable local, state, national, and international laws, rules and regulations.
If your registration(s) with or ability to access the Services, or any other VSCO community is discontinued by VSCO due to your violation of any portion of the Agreement, you may not access or use the Services, and you agree that you will not attempt to re-register with or access the Services through use of a different member name or otherwise.


1.2 VSCO Account. In order to access certain Services you may be required to register an account on the Services (“Account”).
Your Account will allow you to access the applicable Services and functionality that we may establish and maintain from time to time and in our sole discretion.
We may implement different types of Accounts for different types of Users.
You may control your User profile and how you interact with the Services by accessing the functionality that may be made available on your “Account Settings” page.
When creating your Account, you must provide accurate and complete information and you agree to maintain and promptly update such information as necessary to keep it true, accurate, current and complete.
You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your Account, and you must keep your Account password secure.
You are not allowed to provide a third party access to your Account.
We encourage you to use “strong” passwords (passwords that use a combination of upper and lower case letters, numbers and symbols) with your Account.
You must notify VSCO immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your Account.
VSCO will not be liable for any losses caused by any unauthorized use of your Account.
You may never use another User’s Account without permission.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, you acknowledge and agree that you shall have no ownership or other property interest in your Account, and you further acknowledge and agree that all rights in and to your Account are and shall forever be owned by and inure to the benefit of VSCO.


1.3 Third Party Accounts. To the extent permitted by the function of the Services, you may link your Account with or register your Account using a valid account on a social networking service or on the app store or marketplace from which you downloaded the Mobile Software (e.g.
Apple App Store, Google Play store, etc.) through which you have connected to the Services (each such account, a “Third-Party Account”).
By connecting your Third-Party Accounts you are allowing VSCO to access your Third-Party Account as permitted under the applicable terms and conditions that govern your use of each Third-Party Account.
You represent that you are entitled to disclose your Third-Party Account login information to VSCO and/or grant VSCO access to your Third-Party Account (including, but not limited to, for the purposes described herein) without breach by you of any of the terms and conditions that govern your use of the applicable Third-Party Account and without obligating VSCO to pay any fees or making VSCO subject to any usage limitations imposed by such third-party service providers.
By granting VSCO access to any Third-Party Accounts, you understand that VSCO may access, make available and store (if applicable) any information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, tags and/or other materials accessible through the Services that you have provided to and stored in such Third-Party Account (“SNS Content”) so that it is available on and through the Services via your Account.
Unless otherwise specified in the Agreement, all SNS Content shall be considered to be your User Content (as defined in Section 2.1) for all purposes of the Agreement.
Depending on the Third-Party Accounts you choose to connect to the Services and subject to the privacy settings that you have set in such Third-Party Accounts, personally identifiable information that you post to your Third-Party Accounts may be available on and through your Account.
Please note that if a Third-Party Account or associated service becomes unavailable or VSCO’s access to such Third-Party Account is terminated by you or the third-party service provider, then your Account and SNS Content may no longer be available on and through the Services.
You have the ability to disable the connection between your Account and your Third-Party Accounts by accessing the applicable account settings page on the Third-Party Account.
PLEASE NOTE THAT YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH THE THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR THIRD-PARTY ACCOUNTS IS GOVERNED SOLELY BY YOUR AGREEMENT(S) WITH SUCH THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS, AND VSCO IS NOT LIABLE FOR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION THAT MAY BE PROVIDED TO IT BY SUCH THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS IN VIOLATION OF THE PRIVACY SETTINGS THAT YOU HAVE SET IN SUCH THIRD-PARTY ACCOUNTS.
VSCO makes no effort to review any SNS Content for any purpose, including but not limited to, for accuracy, legality, or non-infringement, and VSCO is not responsible for any SNS Content.


1.4 Service Rules. You agree not to engage in any of the following prohibited activities while accessing or using the Services: (a) licensing, sublicensing, selling, leasing, transferring, assigning, copying, distributing, disclosing or otherwise commercially exploiting any part of the Services in any medium, including, without limitation, by providing the Services on a timesharing or service bureau basis or using any automated or non-automated “scraping” to gather information or content from the Services.
(b) framing or utilizing framing techniques to enclose any VSCO Mark or the Services (including images, text, page layout or form) of VSCO except as expressly permitted by VSCO or the function of the Services.
(c) taking any action that imposes, or may impose, at our sole discretion an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure, including using any automated system, such as “robots,” “spiders,” “offline readers,” etc.
to access the Services in a manner that sends more request messages to VSCO’s servers than a human can reasonably produce in the same period of time by using a conventional on-line web browser (except that VSCO grants the operators of public search engines revocable permission to use spiders to copy materials from vsco.co for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials but not caches or archives of such materials).
(d) modifying, translating, adapting, merging, making derivative works of, disassembling, decompiling, decoding, reverse compiling, reverse engineering, or “lookup table ripping” (or similar) any part of the Services (including without limitation, any action by you to access information regarding the underlying structure or technical implementation of the Services through automated means) except to the extent the foregoing restrictions are expressly prohibited by applicable law.
(e) transmitting spam, chain letters, or other unsolicited email.
(f) attempting to interfere with, compromise the system integrity or security or decipher any transmissions to or from the servers running the Services.
(g) impersonating or violating the rights of any third party or taking any fraudulent actions.
(h) uploading invalid data, viruses, worms, or other software agents through the Services.
(i) collecting or harvesting any personally identifiable information, including account names, from the Services.
(j) using the Services for any commercial solicitation purposes.
(k) using the Services for the purpose of making any products or services that are competitive with the Services.
(l) interfering with the proper working of the Services.
(m) accessing any content on the Services through any technology or means other than those provided or authorized by the Services.
or (n) bypassing the measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Services, including without limitation features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content or enforce limitations on use of the Services or the content therein.


1.5 Interactions with Other Users. You are solely responsible for your interactions with other Users.
We reserve the right, but have no obligation to monitor disputes between you and other Users.
You acknowledge and agree that you may be exposed to User Content of other Users that is inaccurate, objectionable, or otherwise unsuited to your purpose, and you agree that VSCO will not be liable for any harm or damages you allege to incur as a result of any third party User Content.
You acknowledge and agree that VSCO will have no liability for your interactions with other Users, or for any User’s action or inaction.


1.6 Changes to the Services. We may, without prior notice, change, or stop providing the Services or any portion thereof.
or create usage limits for the Services or any portion thereof.
We may permanently or temporarily terminate or suspend your access to the Services or any portion thereof (including the right to cancel any hosted sites) without notice and liability for any reason, including if in our sole determination you violate any provision of this Agreement, or for no reason.
Upon termination of any portion of the Services for any reason or no reason, you continue to be bound by this Agreement until it is terminated and your Subscriptions will auto-renew and remain in effect until cancelled in accordance with Section 5.3.
VSCO expressly reserves the right to review every Account for excessive space and bandwidth utilization, and to terminate or apply additional fees to those Accounts that exceed allowed levels, in our sole discretion.
 Summary: Use of our services by anyone under 13 is strictly prohibited.
 If you want to use our services, you must be able to legally agree to these terms.
 We are excited that you want to use VSCO, but you need to create your own account.
The information associated with your account must be accurate and up-to-date, and you can always change your account information through your settings page.
VSCO isn’t responsible if someone else uses your account.
Oh, and one more thing, don’t use someone else’s account, get your own, and don’t share your login credentials with anyone else!
 If you connect your VSCO account to a third-party service, you agree to let VSCO access the stuff in your third-party account in accordance with your settings on that service and use it to provide our services to you.
VSCO is not responsible for your use of any third-party services or for any of your stuff the third-party service shares with us.
 There are some ground rules you must abide by that are intended to protect our services and the VSCO community.
For example, you must not steal or attack our services or try to take other users’ personal information.
Essentially, be reasonable and responsible.
Do not engage in any activity that could be harmful to VSCO, our services, or our users.
When using our services, you are responsible for your interactions with others.
VSCO does not control, and is not responsible for, any user’s actions.
 Our services are always changing and evolving, and we may decide to make changes, impose limits, and occasionally suspend or terminate certain offerings.
We can also suspend or terminate any individual account at any time for any reason.
2.
USER CONTENT 
2.1 Generally. Some areas of the Services allow Users to post, publish, submit, upload, transmit, or otherwise make available on the Services (“Make Available”) content such as profile pictures or information, photos, images, music, videos, information, comments, questions, messages, works of authorship and other content or information (any such materials that a User does Make Available is referred to as “User Content”).
You retain ownership of your User Content.


2.2 License Grant to VSCO. You hereby grant VSCO a royalty-free, sublicensable, transferable, non-exclusive, worldwide license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, list information regarding, edit, translate, distribute, syndicate, publicly perform, publicly display, and make derivative works of all User Content that you Make Available, including your or any third-party name, voice, and/or likeness as contained in your User Content, in whole or in part, and in any form, media or technology, whether now known or hereafter developed, in connection with the Services and VSCO’s (and its successors’ and affiliates’) business, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Services (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels.
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, by submitting your User Content to any forums, comments, or any other area on the Services, you hereby expressly permit VSCO to identify you by your username (which may be a pseudonym) as the contributor of your User Content in any publication in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed in connection with your User Content.
You hereby waive any moral, droit moral, or other author’s rights you may have in connection with any uses of your User Content by VSCO in accordance with the foregoing.
VSCO may exercise the rights to your User Content granted under this Agreement without liability for payment of any guild fees, residuals, payments, fees, or royalties payable under any collective bargaining agreement or otherwise.


2.3 License Grant to other Users. You also hereby grant each User of the Services a non-exclusive license to access your User Content through the Services and to use, reproduce, distribute, display, and perform such User Content as permitted through the functionality of the Services and under this Agreement.


2.4 Deleting Your User Content. If the features of the Services allow you to remove or delete User Content from the Services, the licenses granted by you in your User Content hereunder terminate within a commercially reasonable time after you remove or delete such User Content from the Services.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you understand and agree that VSCO may retain, but not display, distribute, or perform, server copies of User Content that have been removed or deleted.
provided that in certain cases, such as if User Content has been curated by VSCO for display on VSCO’s Collection, featured on VSCO Journal or in connection with VSCO Challenges, used on VSCO’s social channels, or included in printed content, the above licenses granted by you with respect to such User Content will not terminate and such User Content may continue to be used, displayed, distributed, and performed indefinitely.


2.5 Restrictions. You agree not to Make Available any User Content or take any action using the Services that: (a) may create a risk of, glorify, encourage, or threaten violence, harm, loss, physical or mental injury, emotional distress, death, disability, disfigurement, or self-harm to you or any other person or to any animal.
(b) may create a risk of, threaten, glorify, or encourage any other loss or damage to any person or property.
(c) may discriminate against, degrade, shame, or harass or encourage, glorify, or promote hatred or violence toward any person or any groups of persons.
(d) contains or depicts sexual acts or sexually explicit or pornographic material, including, but not limited to, depictions of children in a sexual, sexualized, or nude state.
(e) seeks to harm, exploit, or groom children by exposing them to inappropriate content or soliciting personally identifiable details or otherwise.
(f) may constitute, contribute to, depict, or encourage a crime, illegal activity, or a violation or infringement of any third party’s rights.
(g) solicits or seeks to obtain or discloses the personal information of any other person.
(h) you do not have the right to under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships.
(i) deceptively impersonates another person or entity or contains information that is fraudulent or that you know is not correct and current.
or (j) we deem to be otherwise unlawful, harmful, abusive, racially or ethnically offensive, defamatory, infringing, invasive of personal privacy or publicity rights, harassing, humiliating to other people (publicly or otherwise), libelous, threatening, profane, or otherwise objectionable or in violation of the Community Guidelines.


2.6 Representations and Warranties. If you Make Available any User Content, you promise, represent, and warrant that you have all necessary rights, consents, waivers, and authorizations to grant the rights and licenses in your User Content granted under the Agreement and for your User Content to be used in accordance with this Agreement and the functionality of the Services without causing a violation of the rights of others, including, without limitation, all necessary rights, consents, waivers, and authorizations under: (a) any performance, mechanical, and sound recording rights in musical compositions and sound recordings included in your User Content.
(b) any rights of privacy or publicity with respect to the name, image, and likeness of any individual included in your User Content.
and (c) any moral, droit moral, or authors rights to works of authorship included in your User Content.


2.7 No Responsibility. VSCO takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any User Content that you or any other User or third party may Make Available.
VSCO is not obligated to review or monitor, and does not approve, endorse, or make any representations or warranties with respect to User Content.
You will be solely responsible for your User Content and the consequences arising therefrom.
You agree that we are only providing a platform for you to Make Available your User Content.
VSCO reserves the right, but is not obligated to reject and/or remove any User Content that VSCO believes, in its sole discretion, violates this Agreement or is otherwise inappropriate for the Services.


2.8 No Storage. Unless expressly agreed to by VSCO in writing elsewhere, VSCO has no obligation to store any of your User Content that you Make Available.
VSCO has no responsibility or liability for: (a) the deletion or accuracy of any User Content, including your User Content.
(b) the failure to store, transmit, or receive transmission of User Content.
or (c) except as described in our Privacy Policy, the security, privacy, storage, or transmission of other communications originating with or involving use of the Services.
Certain Services may enable you to specify the level at which such Services restrict access to your User Content.
In such cases, you are solely responsible for applying the appropriate level of access to your User Content.
If you do not choose, the system may default to its most permissive setting.
You agree that VSCO retains the right to create reasonable limits on VSCO’s use and storage of the User Content, including your User Content, such as limits on file size, storage space, processing capacity, and similar limits described on the Services or otherwise determined by VSCO in its sole discretion.


2.9 No Obligation to Pre-Screen Content. You acknowledge that VSCO has no obligation to pre-screen User Content, including, but not limited to, your User Content, but VSCO reserves the right in its sole discretion to pre-screen, refuse, or remove any User Content.
By entering into the Agreement, you hereby provide your irrevocable consent to such monitoring.
In the event that VSCO pre-screens, refuses, or removes any User Content, you acknowledge that VSCO does so for VSCO’s benefit, not yours.
Without limiting the foregoing, VSCO shall have the right to remove any User Content that violates the Agreement or is otherwise objectionable.


2.10 Investigations. Without limiting anything to the contrary herein, VSCO shall have the right, but not obligation, in its sole discretion, to investigate potential violations of any provision of this Agreement and remove any of your User Content for any reason (or no reason), including if such User Content violates the Agreement or any applicable law.
 Summary: YOUR STUFF IS YOUR STUFF! These terms do not give us any rights to the content you post to the services except for the rights we need to provide or promote the services.
 In order to provide you with our services, we need certain rights to the content you share and post.
When you upload your content, you grant us a license to use that content to provide the services and promote VSCO’s business (for example, show your pictures, allow us to resize if needed for your screen size, feature your pictures on VSCO’s Collection, etc.).
You also agree to give others the right to access the content you share or post while using our services.
You are responsible and liable for what you share, copy, send, receive, or otherwise do while using our services.
Don’t post stuff that you don’t have the rights to post or that otherwise violates the law or our Community Guidelines.
You cannot use our services for things like posting pornographic material, harassing people, or sending spam.
Be respectful and responsible.
3.
YOUR RIGHTS WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES 
3.1 VSCO Services. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you are hereby granted a non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable, freely revocable license to use the Services for your personal or internal use only as permitted by the features of the Services.


3.2 Mobile Software. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, VSCO hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use a compiled code copy of the Mobile Software on mobile devices owned, leased, or controlled solely by you, for your personal or internal use.
To use the Mobile Software you must have a mobile device that is compatible with the Mobile Software.
You acknowledge that VSCO may from time to time issue or require you to upgrade to an upgraded versions of the Mobile Software.
You agree that the terms and conditions of this Agreement will apply to all such upgrades.
The foregoing license grant is not a sale of the Mobile Software or any copy thereof, and VSCO or its third party partners or suppliers retain all right, title, and interest in the Mobile Software (and all copies thereof).


3.3 Beta Services. We may make available certain Services, including Mobile Software, that allow you to access and use certain features, technologies, and/or services that are not yet generally commercially released (collectively referred to as the “Beta Services”).
In addition to the other provisions in this Agreement, the following additional provisions in this subsection apply to the Beta Services.

 The license granted by VSCO under this Agreement with respect to the Beta Services will automatically terminate upon the release of a generally commercially available version of the applicable Beta Services, as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, or as determined by VSCO (“Beta Period”).
VSCO may revoke, modify the permitted use of, or suspend your access to any Beta Services at any time and for any or no reason.

 You acknowledge that the Beta Services, their existence, their features, their capacities, their capabilities, their thresholds, their limitations, and their mode of operation, any related materials provided by VSCO, any beta test results compiled by you, and any other technical, business, product, marketing, and financial information, plans, and data relating to the Beta Services are the confidential information of VSCO (“Beta Confidential Information”).
You agree: (a) to hold the Beta Confidential Information in strict confidence.
(b) not to disclose any Beta Confidential Information to any third parties except as authorized by VSCO in writing.
and (c) not to use any Beta Confidential Information for your own use or for any purpose except as permitted under this Agreement, including testing the Beta Services and providing feedback with respect to such Beta Services to VSCO.
You agree to take all practicable measures to protect the secrecy of Beta Confidential Information and avoid disclosure or use of Beta Confidential Information other than expressly authorized herein, which measures will take the form of the highest degree of care that a reasonable person would apply to protect his, her, or its own information of a similar nature and importance.
You agree promptly to notify VSCO in writing of any misuse or misappropriation of Beta Confidential Information that may come to your attention.
All copies of electronic information and data, or tangible items including documents and magnetic media, containing or embodying Beta Confidential Information will be permanently destroyed upon the expiration or termination of the Beta Period or as otherwise requested by VSCO.


 Summary: We grant you a license to use our services and to use our app on your mobile device.
 We may make beta services available to you.
If you choose to use such services, you understand and agree that the services may not perform as expected and you should only use those services and any information about them in a confidential manner.
4.
VSCO'S PROPRIETARY RIGHTS 
4.1 VSCO Property. Except for your User Content, the Services and all materials therein or transferred thereby, including, without limitation, software, images, text, graphics, illustrations, logos, patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, photographs, audio, videos, music, and User Content belonging to other Users (the “VSCO Property”), and all intellectual property rights therein or thereto, are the exclusive property of VSCO or its licensors (including other Users who post User Content to the Service).
Except as explicitly provided herein, nothing in this Agreement will be deemed to create a license in or under any such intellectual property rights, and you agree not to sell, license, rent, modify, distribute, copy, reproduce, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, publish, adapt, edit or create derivative works from any VSCO Property.
Use of VSCO Property for any purpose not expressly permitted by this Agreement is strictly prohibited.
Visual Supply Company, VSCO, and all related graphics, logos, service marks and trade names used on or in connection with the Services (“VSCO Marks”) are the trademarks of VSCO and may not be used without permission in connection with your or any third-party products or services.


4.2 Feedback. You may choose to or we may invite you to submit feedback, modifications, suggestions, improvements, comments, ideas, or the like about VSCO, the Services, or VSCO’s other products or services, including without limitation about how to improve the Services or our other products or businesses (“Ideas”).
You hereby grant to VSCO a world-wide, royalty free, irrevocable, perpetual license to use, incorporate, or otherwise exploit any Ideas in any manner that we see fit.
 Summary: If you give us ideas related to our services or business, we have the right to use them, including incorporating them into our services and business.
5.
PAID SERVICES 
5.1 Fees. Certain products or services offered on or through the Services may be provided for a fee or other charge, including services or features for which access and use is purchased on a time limited basis (each a “Subscription”).
You agree to pay all fees or charges to your Account in accordance with the fees, charges, and billing terms in effect at the time a fee or charge is due and payable.
Our current pricing and payment terms are listed on the mobile application store or website of the authorized third party through which you have purchased a Subscription (“Distributor”).
VSCO may add new products and services for additional fees and charges, or amend fees and charges for existing products and services, at any time in its sole discretion.
Any increased fees for existing Subscriptions will apply solely on a forward-looking basis beginning on your next billing period.


5.2 Payment. You may be required to provide VSCO or the Distributor with information pertaining to a valid credit card (Visa, MasterCard, or any other issuer accepted by us or Distributor), PayPal account, or other permitted payment method (“Payment Information”).
You agree that VSCO or the Distributor, as applicable, is authorized to immediately charge your Payment Information for all fees and charges due and payable for the products and services hereunder and that, except as required under applicable law, no additional notice or consent is required.
You agree to immediately notify VSCO or the applicable Distributor of any change in your billing address or Payment Information.
VSCO reserves the right at any time to change its prices and billing methods, either immediately upon posting on the Services or by email delivery to you.
Without limiting anything set forth therein, you acknowledge and agree that we may provide your Payment Information to our third party service providers (e.g., our payment processing partner) for use pursuant to our Privacy Policy.


5.3 Subscription. The fee for a Subscription will be billed by the Distributor or VSCO at the start of your Subscription or, if applicable, at the end of any free trial period, and at regular intervals in accordance with your elections at the time of purchase.
The timing of billing may change at any time.
Your Subscription will continue to automatically renew indefinitely, including if you terminate your Account, until your Subscription is canceled in accordance with the Agreement.
After your initial Subscription period, and again after any subsequent Subscription period, your Subscription will automatically renew on the first day following the end of such period (each a “Renewal Commencement Date”) and continue for an additional equivalent period at VSCO’s then-current price for such Subscription.
You agree that your Account will be subject to this automatic renewal feature (even if you otherwise terminate your Account) unless you cancel your Subscription prior to the Renewal Commencement Date in accordance with any terms between you and the Distributor. You may opt out of the auto-renewal of your Subscription, or cancel your Subscription, in the manner described at the link here.
If you cancel your Subscription, such cancellation will be effective as of the end of your then-current Subscription term (the “Cancellation Date”), and your Subscription will not be renewed after such then-current term.
You will not be eligible for a prorated refund from VSCO of any portion of the fees paid for the then current period of your Subscription.
By purchasing a Subscription, you authorize the applicable Distributor or VSCO to charge your Payment Information in accordance with your selected Subscription plan.
Upon renewal of your Subscription, if the applicable Distributor or VSCO does not receive payment via your Payment Information, (a) you agree to pay all amounts due on your Account upon demand and/or (b) you agree that Distributor or VSCO may either cancel or suspend your Subscription and continue to attempt to charge your Payment Information until payment is received.


5.4 Free Trials. Certain Subscription offerings may offer a free trial prior to charging your payment method, the period of which will be communicated to you via the Services.
If you decide to cancel your Subscription before VSCO starts charging your payment method, you must cancel the Subscription before the free trial ends.
Otherwise, you will be responsible for payment for the full term of the Subscription period.


5.5 No Refunds. VSCO DOES NOT ISSUE ANY REFUNDS FOR ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES PURCHASED ON OR THROUGH THE SERVICES AND WE ARE NOT OBLIGATED TO PROVIDE ANY CREDITS FOR PARTIALLY USED PERIODS.


5.6 Payment Service Provider. All financial transactions made in connection with the Services will be processed by the Distributor or their third party payment service provider in accordance with their respective terms of use, privacy policy, and/or any applicable payment terms and conditions.
As such, in no event will VSCO be responsible for the actions or inactions of any Distributor or their third party payment service provider, including, but not limited to, system downtime or payment service outages, and any billing and fee disputes may require resolution between you and the Distributor or applicable third party.
If you notify us of any fee or billing dispute we will likely direct you to the Distributor to address such dispute, but, to the extent we are able, we may assist you in resolving such dispute.


5.7 Taxes. The payments required under Section 5.1 of this Agreement do not include any Sales Tax that may be due in connection with the Services provided under this Agreement.
If VSCO determines it has a legal obligation to collect a Sales Tax from you in connection with this Agreement, VSCO shall collect such Sales Tax in addition to the payments required under Section 5.1 of this Agreement.
If any Services, or payments for any Services, under the Agreement are subject to any Sales Tax in any jurisdiction and you have not remitted the applicable Sales Tax to VSCO, you will be responsible for the payment of such Sales Tax and any related penalties or interest to the relevant tax authority, and you will indemnify VSCO for any liability or expense VSCO may incur in connection with such Sales Taxes.
Upon VSCO’s request, you will provide it with official receipts issued by the appropriate taxing authority, or other such evidence that you have paid all applicable taxes.
For purposes of this section, “Sales Tax” shall mean any sales or use tax and any other tax measured by sales proceeds that is the functional equivalent of a sales tax where the applicable taxing jurisdiction does not otherwise impose a sales or use tax.
 Summary: The above sections provide information about our payment and subscription terms.
If you purchase a subscription, it will automatically renew unless and until it is cancelled by you as described here.
If you close your VSCO account, you must separately cancel your subscription.
6.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS.
 The Services may contain links to third-party websites, advertisers, information, materials, products, or services (“Third Party Links”) that are not owned or controlled by VSCO.
VSCO does not endorse or assume any responsibility for any content or information on or from any Third Party Links.
If you access a Third Party Link from the Service, you do so at your own risk, and you understand that this Agreement and VSCO’s Privacy Policy do not apply to your use of such Third Party Links.
You expressly relieve VSCO from any and all liability arising from your use of any Third Party Link, including your dealings with or participation in promotions of the applicable third party, payments to and delivery of goods from such third party, and any other terms (such as warranties) are solely between you and such third party.
You agree that VSCO will not be responsible for any loss or damage of any sort relating to your dealings with such third parties.
 Summary: You may find third party links on our services.
We do not control and are not responsible for third-party products, services, or content made accessible via those links.
7.
INDEMNITY.
 You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless VSCO and its subsidiaries, agents, licensors, managers, and other affiliated companies and their employees, contractors, agents, officers, and directors from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees) arising from: (a) your use of and access to the Services, including any data or content, including User Content transmitted or received by you.
(b) your violation of any term of this Agreement, including without limitation your breach of any of the representations and warranties herein.
(c) any damage or harm or any violation of any third-party right, including any right of publicity of privacy or intellectual property right caused by you or your User Content.
(d) your violation of any applicable law, rule or regulation.
or (e) any other party’s access and use of the Services with your unique username, password or other appropriate security code.
 Summary: You are responsible and liable for all of your activities while using our services, including what you copy, share, upload, download, attach, send, receive, and record.
You are responsible for any costs or other ramifications if you post stuff that you don’t have the right to post or share or that violates the law or this Agreement.
You are also liable if you engage in any type of activity or behavior that causes harm or is unlawful.
8.
NO WARRANTY.
 YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK, AND THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITH ALL FAULTS.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, VSCO EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM VSCO OR THROUGH THE SERVICES WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED HEREIN.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, VSCO, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AND ITS LICENSORS DO NOT WARRANT THAT ANY VSCO PROPERTY, RESULTS FROM THE SERVICE, OR USER CONTENT IS ACCURATE, RELIABLE, OR CORRECT.
THAT THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS.
THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME OR LOCATION, UNINTERRUPTED OR SECURE.
THAT ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED.
OR THAT THE SERVICES ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
ANY CONTENT DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICES IS DOWNLOADED AT YOUR OWN RISK AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR MOBILE DEVICE OR LOSS OF DATA OR CONTENT THAT RESULTS FROM SUCH DOWNLOAD OR YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES.
 Summary: Our services are provided to you on an “as is” and “as available” basis, and they may be interrupted or unavailable at times.
9.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
9.1 Exclusion of Liability. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL VSCO, ITS AFFILIATES, AGENTS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SUPPLIERS, OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS OR LOST BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES, REPUTATION (E.G., OFFENSIVE OR DEFAMATORY STATEMENTS), LOSS OF DATA (E.G., DOWN TIME OR LOSS, USE OF, OR CHANGES TO, YOUR INFORMATION OR USER CONTENT), OR ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY.


9.2 Limitation on Damages. IN NO EVENT WILL VSCO, ITS AFFILIATES, AGENTS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SUPPLIERS, OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY CLAIMS, PROCEEDINGS, LIABILITIES, OBLIGATIONS, DAMAGES, LOSSES OR COSTS IN AN AMOUNT EXCEEDING THE AMOUNT YOU PAID TO VSCO HEREUNDER DURING THE 12 MONTHS PRECEDING THE EVENTS GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM OR $100.00, WHICHEVER IS GREATER.


9.3 Basis of the Bargain. THE LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN VSCO AND YOU.
THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SECTION APPLIES WHETHER THE ALLEGED LIABILITY IS BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR ANY OTHER BASIS, EVEN IF VSCO HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY WILL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION.
 Summary: We are responsible only to the limited extent set forth above for any damages that occur as a result of your use of our services.
10.
TERM AND TERMINATION 
10.1 Term. The Agreement commences on the earlier of: (a) the date you first used the Services.
and (b) the date you accepted the Agreement and will remain in full force and effect while you use the Services, unless earlier terminated in accordance with the Agreement.


10.2 Termination of Services by VSCO. VSCO may terminate this Agreement or your ability to access or use any or all Services at any time for any reason, including if timely payment cannot be charged to your Payment Information for any reason, if you have breached any provision of the Agreement, or if VSCO is required to do so by law (e.g., where the provision of the Services are, or becomes, unlawful).
If you have a Subscription and your Account is terminated by us, you must promptly cancel your Subscription in accordance with Section 5.3.
Otherwise, your Subscription will remain in effect until the cancellation of your Subscription in accordance with Section 5.3 (independent of any termination of your Account or termination of this Agreement by us).


10.3 Termination by You. If you want to terminate this Agreement, you must do so by: (a) notifying VSCO at any time.
(b) cancel all of your Subscriptions in accordance with Section 5.3.
and (c) terminate your Account for all of the Services that you use.
Your notice should be sent, in writing, to vs.co/help.
If you seek to terminate this Agreement in accordance with this Section, this Agreement will remain in effect until the Cancellation Date of all of your Subscriptions in accordance with Section 5.3 (independent of any termination of your Account or notice of your termination of this Agreement).


10.4 Effect of Termination. Termination of the Agreement, your Account, or of your access to or use of any Services may include removal of access to the applicable Services and barring of further use of such Services.
Termination of this Agreement or your Account also includes disassociation or deletion of your username, your password and, all related information, files and User Content associated with or inside your Account (or any part thereof), including your User Content.
Upon termination of the Agreement, your right to use the Services, including Mobile Software will automatically terminate.
VSCO will not have any liability whatsoever to you for any suspension or termination, including for deletion of your User Content.
All provisions of the Agreement which by their nature should survive, shall survive termination of this Agreement, including without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, arbitration and governing law, and limitations of liability.
 Summary: You can terminate your VSCO account whenever you choose.
VSCO may terminate your account at any time for any reason.
Termination of your VSCO account does not cancel your subscription in any event.
If your account is terminated, you must separately and immediately terminate your subscription in the manner described here.
11.
ARBITRATION AND GOVERNING LAW.
 Please read the following arbitration agreement in this Section (“Arbitration Agreement”) carefully.
It requires you to arbitrate disputes with VSCO and limits the manner in which you can seek relief from us.


11.1 Applicability of Arbitration Agreement. You agree that any dispute, claim, or request for relief relating in any way to your access or use of the Services, to any products sold or distributed through the Services, or to any aspect of your relationship with VSCO, will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that: (a) you may assert claims or seek relief in small claims court if your claims qualify.
and (b) you or VSCO may seek equitable relief in court for infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights (such as trademarks, trade dress, domain names, trade secrets, copyrights, and patents).
This Arbitration Agreement shall apply, without limitation, to all disputes or claims and requests for relief that arose or were asserted before the effective date of this Agreement or any prior version of this Agreement.


11.2 Arbitration Rules and Forum. The Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Arbitration Agreement.
To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your dispute or claim or request for relief to our registered agent National Registered Agents, Inc., 160 Greentree Drive, Suite 101, Dover, DE 19904.
The arbitration will be conducted by JAMS, an established alternative dispute resolution provider.
Disputes involving claims, counterclaims, or requests for relief under $250,000, not inclusive of attorneys’ fees and interest, shall be subject to JAMS’s most current version of the Streamlined Arbitration Rules and procedures available at http://www.jamsadr.com/rules-streamlined-arbitration/ all other disputes shall be subject to JAMS’s most current version of the Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures, available at http://www.jamsadr.com/rules-comprehensive-arbitration/.
JAMS’s rules are also available at www.jamsadr.com or by calling JAMS at 800-352-5267.
If JAMS is not available to arbitrate, the parties will select an alternative arbitral forum.
If the arbitrator finds that you cannot afford to pay JAMS’s filing, administrative, hearing and/or other fees and cannot obtain a waiver from JAMS, VSCO will pay them for you.
In addition, VSCO will reimburse all such JAMS’ filing, administrative, hearing and/or other fees for disputes, claims, or requests for relief totaling less than $10,000 unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous.
 You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the country where you live or at another mutually agreed location.
Any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.


11.3 Authority of Arbitrator. The arbitrator shall have exclusive authority to: (a) determine the scope and enforceability of this Arbitration Agreement.
and (b) resolve any dispute related to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability, or formation of this Arbitration Agreement including, but not limited to, any assertion that all or any part of this Arbitration Agreement is void or voidable.
The arbitration will decide the rights and liabilities, if any, of you and VSCO.
The arbitration proceeding will not be consolidated with any other matters or joined with any other cases or parties.
The arbitrator shall have the authority to grant motions dispositive of all or part of any claim.
The arbitrator shall have the authority to award monetary damages and to grant any non-monetary remedy or relief available to an individual under applicable law, the arbitral forum’s rules, and the Agreement (including the Arbitration Agreement).
The arbitrator shall issue a written award and statement of decision describing the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based, including the calculation of any damages awarded.
The arbitrator has the same authority to award relief on an individual basis that a judge in a court of law would have.
The award of the arbitrator is final and binding upon you and us.


11.4 Waiver of Jury Trial. YOU AND VSCO HEREBY WAIVE ANY CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY RIGHTS TO SUE IN COURT AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JUDGE OR A JURY.
You and VSCO are instead electing that all disputes, claims, or requests for relief shall be resolved by arbitration under this Arbitration Agreement, except as specified in Section 11.1 above.
An arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court and must follow this Agreement as a court would.
However, there is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is subject to very limited review.


11.5 Waiver of Class or Other Non-Individualized Relief. ALL DISPUTES, CLAIMS, AND REQUESTS FOR RELIEF WITHIN THE SCOPE OF THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT MUST BE ARBITRATED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT ON A CLASS OR COLLECTIVE BASIS.
ONLY INDIVIDUAL RELIEF IS AVAILABLE, AND CLAIMS OF MORE THAN ONE CUSTOMER OR USER CANNOT BE ARBITRATED OR CONSOLIDATED WITH THOSE OF ANY OTHER CUSTOMER OR USER.
If a decision is issued stating that applicable law precludes enforcement of any of this subsection’s limitations as to a given dispute, claim, or request for relief, then such aspect must be severed from the arbitration and brought into the State or Federal Courts located in the State of California.
All other disputes, claims, or requests for relief shall be arbitrated.


11.6 30-Day Right to Opt Out. You have the right to opt out of the provisions of this Arbitration Agreement by sending written notice of your decision to opt out to: opt-out@vsco.co, within 30 days after first becoming subject to this Arbitration Agreement.
Your notice must include your name and address, your VSCO username (if any), the email address you used to set up your Account (if you have one), and an unequivocal statement that you want to opt out of this Arbitration Agreement.
If you opt out of this Arbitration Agreement, all other parts of this Agreement will continue to apply to you.
Opting out of this Arbitration Agreement has no effect on any other arbitration agreements that you may currently have, or may enter in the future, with us.


11.7 Severability. Except as provided in subsection 11.5, if any part or parts of this Arbitration Agreement are found under the law to be invalid or unenforceable, then such specific part or parts shall be of no force and effect and shall be severed and the remainder of the Arbitration Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.


11.8 Survival of Agreement. This Arbitration Agreement will survive the termination of your relationship with VSCO.


11.9 Modification. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, we agree that if VSCO makes any future material change to this Arbitration Agreement, you may reject that change within thirty (30) days of such change becoming effective by writing VSCO at the following address: 1500 Broadway, Attn: Legal, Suite 300, Oakland, CA 94612.
 Summary: This section describes how claims that you and we have against each other are resolved, including any claims that arose or were asserted before the effective date of this agreement.
In particular, it requires disputes between us to be submitted to binding and final arbitration.
Unless you opt out of the arbitration agreement, you will only be able to pursue claims and seek relief against us on an individual basis and you are waiving your right to seek relief in a court of law and to have a jury trial.
12.
GENERAL 
12.1 Assignment. This Agreement, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by VSCO without restriction.
Any attempted transfer or assignment in violation hereof will be null and void.


12.2 Changes to the Agreement. PLEASE NOTE THAT THE AGREEMENT IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE BY VSCO ON A GOING-FORWARD BASIS IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION AT ANY TIME.
When changes are made, VSCO will make a new copy of the modified Terms of Use and any modified Supplemental Terms available on the Services.
Any changes to the Agreement will be effective immediately for new Users of the Services and will be effective for continuing Users upon the earlier of: (a) thirty (30) days after posting notice of such changes on the Services for existing Users.
(b) thirty (30) days after dispatch of an email notice of such changes to you.
or (c) you to providing consent to the updated Agreement in a specified manner, as applicable.
Unless otherwise stated, your continued use of the Services constitutes your acceptance of such change(s).
If you do not agree to any change(s) after receiving a notice of such change(s), you may not be permitted to continue using the Services.
PLEASE REGULARLY CHECK THE SERVICES TO VIEW THE THEN-CURRENT TERMS.


12.3 Electronic Communications. By entering into this Agreement or using the Services, you agree to receive communications from us, including via email, text message, calls, and push notifications.
You agree that texts, calls or prerecorded messages may be generated by automatic telephone dialing systems.
The communications between you and VSCO may take place via electronic means, whether you visit the Services or send VSCO emails, or whether VSCO posts notices on the Services or communicates with you via email.
For contractual purposes, you: (a) consent to receive communications from VSCO in an electronic form.
and (b) agree that all terms and conditions, agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that VSCO provides to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications would satisfy if it were to be in writing.
The foregoing does not affect your statutory rights.
Communications from us and our affiliated companies may include but are not limited to: operational communications concerning your Account or the use of the Services, updates concerning new and existing features on the Services, communications concerning promotions run by us or out third-party partners, and news concerning VSCO and industry developments.
Standard text messaging charges applied by your cell phone carrier will apply to text messages that we send.
IF YOU WISH TO OPT OUT OF PROMOTIONAL EMAILS, YOU CAN UNSUBSCRIBE FROM OUR PROMOTIONAL EMAIL LIST BY FOLLOWING THE UNSUBSCRIBE IN THE PROMOTIONAL EMAIL ITSELF.
IF YOU WISH TO OPT OUT OF OUR TEXTS, YOU MAY TEXT “STOP” FROM THE MOBILE DEVICE RECEIVING THE TEXT MESSAGES.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ARE NOT REQUIRED TO CONSENT TO RECEIVE PROMOTIONAL TEXTS OR CALLS AS A CONDITION OF USING THE SERVICES.
HOWEVER, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT OPTING OUT OF RECEIVING TEXTS MAY IMPACT YOUR USE OF CERTAIN FEATURES OF THE SERVICES.


12.4 Limitation Period. YOU AND VSCO AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE TERMS, THE SERVICES OR THE CONTENT MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES.
OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.


12.5 Exclusive Venue. To the extent the parties are permitted under this Agreement to initiate litigation in a court, both you and VSCO agree that all claims and disputes arising out of or relating to the Agreement will be litigated exclusively in the state or federal courts located in Alameda County, California.


12.6 Governing Law. THE TERMS AND ANY ACTION RELATED THERETO WILL BE GOVERNED AND INTERPRETED BY AND UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA, CONSISTENT WITH THE FEDERAL ARBITRATION ACT, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY PRINCIPLES THAT PROVIDE FOR THE APPLICATION OF THE LAW OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION.
THE UNITED NATIONS CONVENTION ON CONTRACTS FOR THE INTERNATIONAL SALE OF GOODS DOES NOT APPLY TO THE AGREEMENT.


12.7 Notice. Where VSCO requires that you provide an email address, you are responsible for providing VSCO with your most current email address.
In the event that the last email address you provided to VSCO is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you any notices required/ permitted by the Agreement, VSCO’s dispatch of the email containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice.
You may give notice to VSCO at the following address: 1500 Broadway, Attn: Legal, Suite 300, Oakland, CA 94612.
Such notice shall be deemed given when received by VSCO by letter delivered by nationally recognized overnight delivery service or first class postage prepaid mail at the above address.


12.8 International Users. The Services are controlled and operated from its facilities in the United States.
VSCO makes no representations that the Services are appropriate or available for use in other locations.
Those who access or use the Services from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are entirely responsible for compliance with all applicable United States and local laws and regulations, including but not limited to export control, import, and trade sanctions regulations.
You may not access or use the Services if you are located or resident in a country or territory subject to an embargo by the United States government (including, but not limited to, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, or the Crimea Region), or are an individual or entity designated as a blocked or prohibited party by the United States government including, but not limited to, designation on the Specially Designated National and Blocked Persons (“SDN”) List or Foreign Sanctions Evaders List by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S.
Treasury Department (“OFAC”), or the Entity List, Denied Persons List, or Unverified List by the Bureau of Industry and Security of the U.S.
Commerce Department (“BIS”).
Unless otherwise explicitly stated, all materials found on the Services are solely directed to individuals, companies, or other entities located in the United States.


12.9 Export Control. You may not use, export, import, or transfer the Services except as authorized by U.S.
law, the laws of the jurisdiction in which you obtained the Services, and any other applicable laws.
In particular, but without limitation, the Services may not be exported or re-exported: (a) to any countries or territories subject to a U.S.
government embargo (including, but not limited to, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, and the Crimea Region) (“Embargoed Countries”).
or (b) to any individual or entity on the SDN List or Foreign Sanctions Evaders List maintained by OFAC or the Denied Persons List, Entity List, or Unverified List maintained by BIS (collectively, “Prohibited Party Lists”).
By using the Services, you represent and warrant that: (i) you are not located in an Embargoed Country.
and (ii) you are not listed on any Prohibited Party Lists.
You also will not use the Services for any purpose prohibited by U.S.
law, including for the development, design, manufacture or production of missile, nuclear, chemical or biological weapons.
You acknowledge and agree that products, services, or technology provided by VSCO are subject to the export control and trade sanctions laws and regulations of the United States.
You shall comply with these laws and regulations and shall not, without prior U.S.
government authorization, export, re-export, or transfer VSCO products, services, or technology, either directly or indirectly, to any country or person in violation of such laws and regulations.


12.10 Entire Agreement/Severability. This Agreement, together with any amendments and any additional agreements you may enter into with VSCO in connection with the Services, will constitute the entire agreement between you and VSCO concerning the Services.
If any provision of this Agreement is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision will not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, which will remain in full force and effect.
Headings are included for convenience only and will not be considered in interpreting this Agreement.
For the avoidance of doubt, as used in this Agreement, the word including means including but not limited to.


12.11 No Waiver. No waiver of any term of this Agreement will be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and VSCO’s failure to assert any right or provision under this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.


12.12 App Stores. With respect to any Mobile Software accessed through or downloaded from the Apple App Store (an “App Store Sourced Software”), you will only use the App Store Sourced Software (a) on an Apple-branded product that runs the iOS (Apple’s proprietary operating system) and (b) as permitted by the “Usage Rules” set forth in the Apple App Store Terms of Service.
Notwithstanding the first sentence in this section, with respect to any Mobile Software access through or downloaded from the Google Play store (a “Google Play Sourced Application”), you may have additional license rights with respect to use of the Mobile Software on a shared basis within your designated family group.
You agree to comply with all applicable United States and foreign laws related to use of the Mobile Software and the Services.
You acknowledge and agree that the availability of the Mobile Software and the Services are dependent on the third party from whom you received the Mobile Software license, e.g., the Apple App Store or Google Play (each, an “App Store”).
You acknowledge that this Agreement is between you and VSCO and not with the App Store.
VSCO, not the App Store, is solely responsible for Services, including the Mobile Software, the content thereof, maintenance, support services, and warranty therefor, and addressing any claims relating thereto (e.g., product liability, legal compliance or intellectual property infringement).
In order to use the Mobile Software, you must have access to a wireless network, and you agree to pay all fees associated with such access.
You also agree to pay all fees (if any) charged by the App Store in connection with the Services, including the Mobile Software.
You agree to comply with, and your license to use the Mobile Software is conditioned upon your compliance with all terms of agreement imposed by the applicable App Store when using any Services, including the Mobile Software.
You acknowledge that the App Store (and its subsidiaries) are third-party beneficiaries of the Agreement and will have the right to enforce it.


12.13 Mobile Software from Apple App Store. The following also applies to any App Store Sourced Software.

 You acknowledge and agree that this Agreement is solely between you and VSCO, not Apple, Inc.
(“Apple”) and that Apple has no responsibility for the App Store Sourced Software or content thereof.

 Your use of the App Store Sourced Software must comply with the App Store Terms and Conditions.

 You acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the App Store Sourced Software.

 In the event of any failure of the App Store Sourced Software to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price for the App Store Sourced Software to you.
to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the App Store Sourced Software, and any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be solely governed by this Agreement and any law applicable to VSCO as provider of the software.

 You acknowledge that Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims of you or any third party relating to the App Store Sourced Software or your possession and/or use of the App Store Sourced Software, including, but not limited to: (a) product liability claims.
(b) any claim that the App Store Sourced Software fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement.
and (c) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.
and all such claims are governed solely by this Agreement and any law applicable to VSCO as provider of the software.

 You acknowledge that, in the event of any third party claim that the App Store Sourced Software or your possession and use of that App Store Sourced Software infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, VSCO, not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by this Agreement.

 You and VSCO acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement as relates to your license of the App Store Sourced Software, and that, upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement as relates to your license of the App Store Sourced Software against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof.


 Summary: This section provides important legal information which you should review, including your agreement to receive electronic communications from us.
 Please contact us with any questions regarding this Agreement or the Services.

 This Agreement was last modified on March 12, 2020.


 Company 
 About 
 Careers 


 Community 
 Guidelines 
 Support 


 Legal 
 Privacy 
 California Do Not Sell My Personal Information 
 Terms 
 Disclosures 


 Contact 
 Brands 
 Press 



 © VSCO 2021.
All rights reserved.

