

 Products 


 Cloud Compute  Powerful compute instances.


Compute
High Frequency Compute


 Bare Metal  Dedicated servers with no virtualization.


 Object Storage  Flexible, scalable storage 

 Block Storage  Fast SSD-backed storage.


 Dedicated Cloud  No noisy neighbors.


 Load Balancers  Horizontal scaling.
Simplified.




 Features 


 Data Center Locations  17 server locations worldwide.


 Advanced Network  High speed public and private networking.


 Control Panel  Expand and manage your infrastructure.


 Operating Systems  Deploy instance with preferred OS.


 One-Click Apps  Deploy popular applications and games.


 Upload ISO  Upload your own operating system.




 Resources 


 APIs and Developer Tools  Automation resources &amp.
more 

 Frequently Asked Questions  Learn about the Vultr platform 

 Server Status  Real-time availability dashboard 

 Vultr Docs  Search our documentation library 



 Company 


 About Us  We are simplifying infrastructure! 

 Our Team  Meet the team behind our services.


 Careers  Join our team of professionals.


 News  What's new? 

 SLA  Enterprise-class stability and performance.


 Contact  Have questions? Reach out to us.




 Log in 
 Sign up 
 English 


 Português 
 Español 
 简体中文 
 Deutsch 
 日本語 




 Log In 
 Sign Up 
 Legal 
 Terms Of Service 
 Privacy 
 CCPA 
 GDPR 
 Acceptable Use 
 Anti-Spam 
 Cookies 
 SLA 
 Last Modified: December 30, 2019  This California Privacy Notice (California Notice) applies to California residents and describes how Vultr (“we,” “us,” “our,” etc.), our affiliates, and service providers collect, use, and disclose information.
This California Notice also provides you with information about your choices and rights regarding your personal information.
Unless otherwise noted, all capitalized terms carry the same meaning as in our Terms of Service.
 Information You Provide  In order to access or use certain portions of the Site or Services, or enjoy the full functionality of the Site or Services, or otherwise in conducting business with us or seeking to conduct business with us, you may be prompted to provide certain personal information to us in the following ways: 

 persons who subscribe to the Services will be prompted to provide their name, their address, their e-mail, their phone number, and any other necessary billing information.

 persons who complete registration forms to sign up for membership on the Site will be prompted to provide their e-mail address.

 Site visitors, and prospective and current suppliers and subscribers, may provide personal information when filling in forms (for example, a “Contact us” form) on our Site or at a trade show or anywhere else we conduct business.
by downloading documentation from our Site.
by subscribing to newsletters or other communications.
by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise providing contact details.
In these cases, typically, the personal information you give us may include name, business affiliation, business address, telephone number, and email address, and any personal details required to resolve any inquiries or complaints.


 This personal information is required to enter into a contract with us (such as in anticipation of a supply agreement, or to learn about our Services) or to perform a contract with you (such as to provide Services), and failure to provide any information may result in our inability to provide requested Services or products.
 Information We Collect Automatically  When you visit our Site or use the Services, information is passively or automatically collected by our web servers and by third party analytics tools we use, including but not limited to: 

 your domain.

 your IP address.

 your date, time and duration of your visit.

 your browser type.

 your operating system.

 your page visits.

 information from third parties.

 other information about your computer or device.

 Internet traffic.


 We do not use this automatically collected information to try to identify you by name, and we do not associate it with the information you provide voluntarily to us.

 More information about our use of cookies can be found in our cookie policy http://www.vultr.com/legal/cookie_policy/.
 Information From Other Sources  We may also obtain fraud &amp.
risk scoring data about you from third parties.
 Use of Personal Information  We may use your personal information as permitted or required by law, and for the following business purposes: 

 provide you with Services you have subscribed for, or otherwise requested.

 provide you with documentation or communications which you have requested.

 administer and manage performance of purchase or sales agreements with our suppliers and customers.

 provide after-sales support.

 correspond with users to resolve their queries or complaints.

 market our services to persons whose Services have expired or otherwise been cancelled.

 engage you about events, promotions, the Site, and Vultr's products and services.

 process, evaluate and complete certain transactions involving the Site, and more generally transactions involving the Services.

 operate, evaluate, maintain, improve and develop the Site (including by monitoring and analyzing trends, access to, and use of the Site for advertising and marketing).

 to increase users' experience according to tracked interests, to analyze and target potential new markets, and for other marketing purposes.


 We may also use personal information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate for certain essential purposes, including: 

 to enforce our Terms of Service, Anti-Spam Policy, Use Policy or any other applicable policies.

 to protect our operations or those of our affiliates and ensure safety of the Site, Vultr confidential and proprietary information, and Vultr employees.

 to manage, protect against and investigate fraud, risk exposure, claims and other liabilities, including but not limited to violation of our contract terms or laws or regulations.

 to comply with applicable law and legal process, and to respond to requests from public and/or government authorities.

 if we are or may be acquired by or merged with another company, if any of our assets are transferred to another company, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding.


 We also use deidentified and/or aggregate information to customize our marketing efforts or to customize the use of our site for an aggregate group of customers.
 Important Information for Subscribers - Community Forum and Internal Messaging  Any information (including personal information) provided in a user profile, member directory, or other related Service should be considered to be available to the public.
We do not, cannot, and will not act to maintain the privacy of any information (including personal information) that you provide in any such forum or medium.

 We also provide an internal messaging system for use between members of our community forum: discuss.vultr.com.
Any information (including personal information) that you send via this internal messaging system is not secure and is not considered to be private information.
You should use caution when sending any personal information over the internal messaging system, and you should not transmit any information that you would not wish to see disclosed to the general public.
 Disclosure of Personal Information  We may disclose personal data about Site visitors, users of our Services, or our suppliers or customers as permitted or required by law, and for the following business purposes: 

 To satisfy any laws, regulations, or governmental or legal requests for such data.

 As necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Terms of Service, Acceptable Use Policy or other user policies.

 To protect ourselves, our subscribers, and the general public.
We specifically reserve the right to disclose any and all information (including personal data) to law enforcement in the event that a crime is committed, is suspected, or if we are compelled to do so by lawful criminal, civil, or administrative process, discovery requests, subpoenas, court orders, writs, or reasonable request of authorities or persons with the reasonable power to obtain such process.

 To cooperate with law enforcement authorities, private-party litigants, and others seeking information about our end users to the extent required by applicable law.
Examples of such cooperation include lawful criminal, civil, or administrative process, discovery requests, subpoenas, court orders, writs, or reasonable request of authorities or persons with the reasonable power to obtain such process 
 In the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings) 
 In connection with certain essential purposes described above (e.g., to comply with legal obligations).


 In addition, information that is passively collected when you use the Site or Services may be disclosed to our online and email advertisers or other third party vendors we use and who may provide cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIFs or other similar technologies for use on the Site or other websites to manage and improve our online and email advertising campaigns.
 Children  The Site is not for use by children under the age of 16 years and Vultr does not knowingly collect, store, use or share the personal information of children under 16 years.

 IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT UNDER THE AGE OF 18, DO NOT SHARE ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION ON THE SITE, IN POSTS OR VIA MESSAGING.
If you do post any personal information, you can remove it using Services functionality.
This removal may not be complete given the nature of the Internet.
Contact us at support@vultr.com for assistance.
 How We Store Your Information  We implement reasonable administrative, physical and electronic security measures designed to protect your personal information from unauthorized access.
Nevertheless, we cannot guarantee that your personal information will not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed.
We will make any legally required disclosures in the event of a breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored personal information.
 External Links  The Site may contain links to third party sites which are provided for your convenience only.
Vultr does not control and is not responsible for the privacy practices of those third party sites, and we encourage you to review the privacy policies of such sites.
 Marketing Emails  If you have provided us with your email address, or are a subscriber of the Services, we may communicate with you by e-mail to tell you about our products and services.
You may opt out of these communications by clicking the opt-out link at the bottom of each email or by filling out the form at http://www.vultr.com/unsubscribe/.
Please note that you may not be able to opt-out of certain Service-related emails, system notices, and/or other information related to your account.
 Privacy Rights of California Residents  The California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”) provides various rights to California residents and households with respect to the personal information that we have collected about you.



Access and Copies. You may request the following information from us up to two times in a 12 months period:  (1) The categories of personal information we have collected about you in the past 12 months; (2) The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected; (3) The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling (if applicable) the personal information; (4) The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information.
and (5) The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.



Deletion. You may request that we delete your personal information.
Note that deletion requests are subject to certain limitations, for example, we may retain personal information as permitted by law, such as for recordkeeping purposes, to maintain an active account, and to process transactions and facilitate customer requests.


Do Not Sell. We will not sell your Personal Information to third parties.


Non-Discrimination. You have the right to exercise your rights described above free from discriminatory practices prohibited by California law.


 If you have an account with us and wish to request a copy of the personal information we have collected about you, or to request that your information be deleted, please login and contact us.
Otherwise, please email us at support@vultr.com.

 We will respond to requests that comply with California law within the timeframe permitted and depending on the nature of the request.
 Changes to this California Notice  We may revise, amend, or modify this California Notice from time to time.
Please reference the “Last Updated” legend at the top of this page to see when it was last revised.
Any changes to this California Notice will become effective as to California residents when we post the revised Notice on the Site.
Your use of the Site or Services following these changes means that you accept the revised California Notice.
 Contact Information  If you have any questions to this California Notice, please contact us at http://www.vultr.com/contact/.
 Products 
 Cloud Compute 
 High Frequency Compute 
 Bare Metal 
 Object Storage 
 Block Storage 
 Dedicated Instances 
 DDoS Protection 
 Direct Connect 
 Load Balancers 
 Features 
 Data Center Locations 
 Advanced Network 
 Control Panel 
 Operating Systems 
 Upload ISO 
 One-click Apps 
 Bring your IP space 
 Resources 
 FAQ 
 Developers / APIs 
 Vultr Docs 
 Benchmarks 
 Server Status 
 Bug Bounty 
 Coupons 
 Company 
 Our Team 
 News 
 Brand Assets 
 Referral Program 
 Careers 
 SLA 
 Legal 
 Contact 

Over 40,000,000 Cloud Servers Launched © Vultr 2021  VULTR is a registered trademark of The Constant Company, LLC.

 Terms of Service 
 AUP/DMCA 
 Privacy Policy 
 Cookie Policy 
 This website uses first and third party cookies for advertising purposes, to better understand your preferences, to offer you an optimal user experience, to keep track of statistics and to be able to collect your feedback.
By clicking "Accept", you consent to the use of cookies.
Read more about these cookies and how to configure them.
 Continue 
      