
         Copyright Policy Golden Frog has adopted the following policy concerning copyright infringement in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C.
512.
The contact information for Golden Frog's Designated Agent to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement ("Designated Agent") is listed at the end of this policy, and is on file with the United States Copyright Office (http://www.copyright.gov/onlinesp/list/index.html).
Golden Frog takes copyright and other intellectual property rights very seriously.
It is Golden Frog's policy to:

Expeditiously block access to or remove content that it believes in good faith may contain material that infringes the copyrights of third parties and
Remove and discontinue service to repeat offenders.
 Procedure for Reporting Copyright Infringements: If you believe that content accessible through the Golden Frog service infringes your copyright, please send a notice of claimed copyright infringement containing the following information to the Designated Agent listed below (consult legal counsel or refer to 17 U.S.C.
512(c) to confirm these requirements):

A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright that has been allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyrighted works claimed to have been infringed;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit Golden Frog to locate the material.
Please include IP address and GMT timestamp for the infringing material when submitting the notice;
Contact information for the notifying party, such as an address, telephone number and a return e-mail address for reply purposes;
A statement that the notifying party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the notifying party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright that is allegedly infringed;
While not legally required by the DMCA, include "copyright violation" in the subject line of your e-mail to flag your DMCA Notice and bypass spam categorization.
and
Submit the notice of claimed copyright infringement to dmca2010@goldenfrog.com, the email address we have registered with the Copyright office pursuant to Section 512(c) of the Copyright Act.

Once a complete and proper notice of claimed copyright infringement is received by the Designated Agent: It is Golden Frog's policy: 
to remove or disable access to the content identified in the notice of claimed infringement;
to notify the subscriber that it has removed or disabled access to the content.
and
to terminate in appropriate circumstances subscribers who are repeat infringers.
 Procedure to Supply a Counter-Notice to the Designated Agent: If the subscriber believes that the content that was removed or to which access was disabled is not infringing, or the subscriber believes that it has the right to post and use such content from the copyright owner, the copyright owner's agent or pursuant to the law, the subscriber may send a counter-notice containing the following information to the Designated Agent listed below:

A physical or electronic signature of the subscriber;
Identification of the content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;
A statement under penalty of perjury that the subscriber has a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled;
Subscriber's name, address, telephone number, and, if available, e-mail address.
and
A statement that subscriber consents to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the subscriber resides (or, if the subscriber's address is outside the United States, the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the Austin, Texas judicial district).
A statement that subscriber consents to service of process by the person providing notification under Section 512(c)(1)(C) or that person's agent.

Upon receipt of the counter-notice by the Designated Agent, Golden Frog may send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that it may replace the removed content or cease disabling it in 10 business days.
Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the subscriber, the removed content may be replaced or access to it restored in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice at Golden Frog's sole discretion. Golden Frog Designated DMCA Agent: Please contact Golden Frog's Designated Agent at the following e-mail address:
 dmca2010@goldenfrog.com 
This e-mail address is registered with the United States Copyright office pursuant to Section 512(c) of the Copyright Act.
The contact information for Golden Frog's Designated Agent to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement ("Designated Agent") is on file with the United States Copyright Office (http://www.copyright.gov/onlinesp/list/index.html).
