
         California Privacy Rights  and last updated on July 01, 2021 12:00 AM  By En Español 
What Are Your California Privacy Rights? Last Updated: July 1, 2021 

California Consumer Privacy Act 
If you are a California resident, you can make certain requests regarding your personal information.
We will fulfill each of these requests per the requirements of California law.

1.
You can request access to a copy of the personal information we have about you, including a list of categories of your personal information that we have sold and a list of categories of your personal information that we have shared with another company for a business purpose.
2.
You can request that we delete your personal information.
3.
You can request that we stop selling your personal information.

More information on each of these requests is below.

1.
Request my Personal Information: If you make this request, which we also refer to as a Request to Access Information, we will return to you (to the extent required by law): 


The categories of personal information we have collected about you.

The categories of sources from which we collect your personal information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information.

The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information.

The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.

A list of categories of personal information that we have sold, along with the category of any other company we sold it to.
Any of the categories of personal information that we collect could be included in a sale to other companies, including those within our corporate family.
If we have not sold your personal information, we will inform you of that fact.

A list of categories of personal information that we have disclosed for a business purpose, along with the category of any other company we shared it with.

You can ask us to provide you with this information up to two times in a rolling twelve-month period.
When you make this request, the information provided may be limited to personal information we collected about you in the previous 12 months.

2.
Delete My Personal Information: You have the right to ask that we delete your personal information.
Once we receive a request, we will delete the personal information (to the extent required by law) we hold about you as of the date of your request from our records and direct any service providers to do the same.
In some cases, deletion may be accomplished through de-identification of the information.
Choosing to delete your personal information may impact your ability to use our websites and online features, including closure of your online account, and limit your use of in-store functions that require your personal information.

3.
Stop Selling My Personal Information: We share personal information within our Walmart family of companies and with certain third parties, which may be considered a “sale” under California law.
For purposes of California law, we may share with these parties all categories of personal information, except for background and criminal information, biometric information, and government identifiers.
We do not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
If you are a California resident, you have a right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information.
To do so, click “Do Not Sell My Personal Information.” 
Below is a chart showing the types of personal identifiers that we may have sold in the previous 12 months.

Categories of Third Parties to Whom the Personal Information May Be Sold
Categories of Personal Information SoldAdvertising companies (like ad servers, advertising agencies, technology vendors, providers of sponsored content, and others)Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal lawDemographic informationDevice and online identifiersEducation informationEmployment informationFinancial informationIndividual preferences and characteristicsInternet, application, and network activityLocation informationPersonal identifiersPurchase history informationOther entity in the Walmart family of companiesCharacteristics of protected classifications under California or federal lawDemographic informationDevice and online identifiersEducation informationEmployment informationFinancial informationIndividual preferences and characteristicsInternet, application, and network activityLocation informationPersonal identifiersPurchase history information

We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights.
This generally means we will not deny you goods or services, charge different prices or rates, provide a different level of service or quality of goods, or suggest that you might receive a different price or level of quality for goods.
Please know, if you ask us to delete or stop selling your data, it may impact your experience with us, and you may not be able to participate in certain programs or membership services which require usage of your personal information to function.

To exercise the California privacy rights described above, please click “Request My Personal Information" or call 1-800-Walmart (1-800-925-6278).

To opt-out of the sale of your personal information, please click “Do Not Sell My Personal Information.” 

Verifying Your Identity for Requests to Access or Delete Personal Information
We take the privacy of your personal information seriously and want to ensure that we provide only you or your authorized agent with your personal information.
The CCPA also requires that we verify the identity of each person who makes a request to know what personal information we have about you or to delete the personal information we have about you.

What Personal Information Do I Provide to Verify My Identity?
To verify your identity, we ask you to provide your:
First name*Last name*Middle initialEmail addressPhone numberAddress*
*required field


How Do You Verify My Identity?
We may verify your identity in a few different ways.
We’ve partnered with a third-party identification service to help us verify your identity and prevent fraudulent requests.
When you make your request, you will be asked to answer a few questions about yourself to help us validate your identity.
If you have an online account, we may ask you to log into your account and complete a one-time passcode validation.
In some instances, we may ask you to provide other documentation to verify your identity.
If this happens, we will reach out to you directly with this request.

What If You Can’t Verify My Identity?
If we can’t verify your identity, we will not be able to process your request to know what personal information we have about you or to delete the personal information we have about you.
If we are unable to verify your identity with a high degree of certainty, we will only be able to provide a report with category-level information and we may not be able to delete some of your information.

How to Submit a Request Using an Authorized Agent 
An authorized agent is a person or business who has authorization to request to know what personal information we have about you, to delete the personal information we have about you, or to opt out of the sale of personal information on behalf of a California resident.
Authorized agents use the same links described above to submit requests.

If you are submitting a request on behalf of another person, we require a valid power of attorney or other documentation demonstrating your authority to submit this request.
This can be a letter or other documentation signed by the California resident authorizing you to submit this request.
You can download a sample letter from the request form.

How Do I Send You My Documentation?
If you submit a request on our website, you will be asked to upload this documentation when you submit your request.
If you submit your request over the phone, you will be asked to email your forms to consumerprivacy@wal-mart.com.
Please note, you will have 10 business days to provide all required documentation.

Number of Requests Received in 2020
To view metrics about how many requests we received last year, please click here.

Your California Privacy Rights - Shine the Light
The following rights apply to California residents.


We share personal information with others outside of Walmart for direct marketing of their products only if we have your affirmative consent (opt in).
See “How Do We Share Your Personal Information Outside Walmart?”

We share personal information with other businesses within our corporate family, such as Sam's Club or Moosejaw.com.
You may ask us for more information about this sharing and whether it affects you by contacting us at the address below.
See “How Do We Use Your Personal Information?”


Contact our Customer Service Team or write the Walmart Privacy Office with any questions or comments about this Policy or about how we handle your personal information.
The Privacy Office’s address is:
Walmart CorporatePrivacy Office, MS #0160702 SW 8th StreetBentonville, AR 72716-0160
View the full Walmart Privacy Policy
