

Products &amp.
Solutions


Products


Private Access


Threat Defense


Data Policy


Hotspot Protect


Wandera Security Suite




Solutions


Application Access


Conditional Access


Content Filtering


SaaS Application Security


Secure Remote Working


Alternative to Tunnel for Microsoft Endpoint Manager


Unmanaged Devices/BYOD


Zero Day Phishing


App Intelligence


Shadow IT Control


Malware Detection


Zero Trust Network Access (ZTNA)




Integrations


Ecosystem Integrations


Microsoft


VMware


Cybereason




Wandera Security Cloud


Overview


Global Network


Unified Policy


MI:RIAM Threat Intelligence


Deployment Options


Secure Access Service Edge (SASE)






Why Wandera


Insights


Gartner Market Guide for ZTNA


Threat Research


Customer Stories


Research &amp.
Reports


Blog




Company


About


Board


Partners


Press


Careers






Login


Contact


Try Wandera






Search






 Privacy Policy Wandera’s aim is to help its customers and end users effectively manage the risks they face in an increasingly mobile world, from threats such as phishing and mobile malware to unpredictable mobile data costs and regulatory compliance obligations.
As a security company, Wandera cares about safeguarding your data.
Data privacy and security are at the core of our services.
Our Privacy Policy describes the information we collect from you and how we use it.
Our Privacy Policy applies to our websites and our Services described in our Service Description (https://www.wandera.com/service-description/).
It forms part of our terms and conditions for use of all the Wandera Services.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy please contact us at dataprivacy@wandera.com.

1.
Why do we collect data from you?
2.
What data does Wandera collect and how do we use it?
3.
Providing your data to others
4.
Data storage and retention
5.
Information for Wandera’s end-users
6.
Securing your personal data
7.
International data transfers
8.
Cooperation with authorities
9.
Wandera and privacy regulations
10.
Your rights including subject access requests
11.
Use of the Wandera website
12.
Changes to our data privacy policy
13.
Verifications
14.
Contacting Wandera
 1.
Why do we collect data from you?
Wandera collects data from you to provide, improve and promote our Services and to administer our business.
2.
What data does Wandera collect and how do we use it?

2.1.
For the provision of our Services

Data is collected by Wandera in the registration process and usage of our Services (“Service Data”).
This includes the data provided to us by you or your employer, such as the email address and name that you register devices with.
Other information is collected by the Wandera service while it is on your device.
This includes information such as IP and MAC addresses, country level location information, and the OS version of your device.
Customers are able to control what data is visible to their service administrators using a number of different privacy control options.
The exact information collected is kept to a minimum and depends on the use case and platforms used.
Service Data may also be used to provide you with notifications and information about our Services.

 2.2.
To improve our Services

Wandera also uses Service Data for research and development purposes, such as the detection of new security threats, and to provide statistics and analytics based on data usage.
All research and statistics are based on anonymous data, and do not contain any personally identifiable information.

2.3.
To understand your use of our Website and Services

Wandera may process data about the use of our website and services (“Usage Data”).
The Usage Data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing frequency and pattern of your service use.

2.4.
To understand your use of our Website and Services

Wandera may process information contained in an enquiry you submit to us regarding our Services (“Enquiry Data”).
The Enquiry Data, along with our Service Data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant services to you as either a prospective or existing customer.

 2.5.
To administer our customer relationships

Wandera may process information with respect to our customer relationships, (“Customer Data”) which may include your name, job title, employer and email address and may be provided by you or your employer.
This Customer Data may be processed for the purpose of administering our business relationships and for communicating with you regarding your or your employer’s contracts with us.

2.6.
Appropriate legal basis

Wandera uses the appropriate legal basis when processing data which is dependent on the type of data collected and appropriate scenario.
In most cases this will be our legitimate interest, for example the performance of our Services and management of customer relationships.
Alternatively, we will seek appropriate consent to process your data when necessary.
3.
Providing your data to others
Wandera may disclose your personal data to any member of our group of companies (affiliates, subsidiaries and ultimate holding company) to perform our Services and to process data referred to in section 2 above using the same legal basis.
Wandera does not sell any personal information to third parties under any circumstances.
Wandera uses a number of additional services and tools to perform functions on its behalf.
These services have access to limited amounts of personal data based on the requirements of the service.
They include customer relationship management (e.g.
Salesforce), email providers (e.g.
Google), marketing tools (e.g.
Marketo), internal communication tools (e.g.
Slack), notification systems (e.g.
Mandrill) and software development tracking systems (e.g.
Atlassian Suite).
These third-party companies are leading providers in their area and store their information in their globally distributed infrastructures.
These organizations are certified to transfer this information internationally according to their Binding Corporate Rules and comply with data privacy regulations such as GDPR.
4.
Data storage and retention
Wandera’s Service Data is stored within the European Economic Area (EEA).
Service Data collected is retained for a period of 6 months and is accessible to only the relevant entities during this period of time.
Customer Data, including customer support cases and customer bugs are currently kept for a longer period of time to provide the best customer service possible.
Other personal data is only retained for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it is collected.
5.
Information for Wandera’s end-users
Wandera’s products are intended to be used by organizations.
As an end user with Wandera installed, this means that the Wandera service on your device was most likely made available to your by your employer.
The organization that has provided you with Wandera is the administrator of all the services, and they are responsible for managing their devices.
Wandera recommends first getting in touch with your administrator regarding any data privacy questions, as your use of the services will be subject to your organization’s policies as well.
Your organization is able to get in touch with Wandera if they need to escalate your query.
6.
Securing your personal data
Wandera has defined a number of policies regarding general information security, password management, availability, confidentiality, integrity, data classification, physical access, vulnerability management, incident response and disaster recovery.
All policies in the Information and Security Management System (ISMS) are updated and reviewed by senior management at regular intervals.
Wandera utilizes a Privacy by Design approach to handling personal data.
Pseudonymization and anonymization are applied wherever possible to keep data as safe as possible at all times.
Wandera is a ISO/IEC 27001:2013 certified company, applying to the development, operations and administration of our services.
Wandera adheres to ITIL best practice procedures for internal operational and support processes.
Where appropriate, Wandera follows standards and procedures as defined by accredited organizations.
The Wandera network is constantly monitored for incidents and outages as well as risks and undergoes regular threat assessments and penetration tests to ensure data protection.
Wandera also conducts annual reviews of partners to ensure that they continue to maintain or improve upon the standards that they have been certified against.
Wandera follows best practices defined by various bodies in relation to standards and procedures.
These include but are not limited to: SSAE 16 or SAS 70 Type II, PCI DSS, HIPAA, ISO9001, ISO 27001 and ITIL.
Service administration of Wandera is provided via the secure web portal RADAR, where administrators control the account settings of all Wandera users and can easily and securely configure policy settings.
Granular access to the portal can be configured by Super Administrators, the highest level of administrators.
Log ins as well as changes are recorded in the Audit Logs section.
RADAR uses HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS) and certificate pinning technologies to ensure all end users are communicating via a secure, encrypted channel.
7.
International data transfers
Wandera have offices around the world.
While data is stored within the European Economic Area, we may transfer certain personal data that we collect about you outside of the EEA to the United States in order to perform certain services, including providing customer support.
Customers can request that their customer support is limited to EEA only.
Where data is transferred outside of the EEA, it is done on the basis of appropriate safeguards, for example binding corporate rules, EU model clauses or a declaration of adequacy.
8.
Cooperation with authorities
Wandera may report any personal information and activity if it receives a lawful request from law enforcement officials, regulators, or public authorities.
This may be necessary to cooperate with governmental requests (including meeting national security or law enforcement requirements), to protect Wandera’s systems and users, to ensure the integrity and operation of Wandera’s business and systems, or in response to subpoenas, court orders, or legal requirements, Wandera may access and disclose any information it considers necessary or appropriate, including user contact details, IP address and traffic information, posted content, and Web usage paths.
By using the Wandera website and/or services you expressly consent to the foregoing use and disclosure.
9.
Wandera and privacy regulations
Wandera has developed a solution for the global market and has optimized its product to meet the strongest of regulations.
Many regions have data privacy regulations in place that may affect the installation of a solution such as Wandera.
Wandera recommends seeking legal advice and following internal procedures before deploying Wandera’s Service.

General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

The installation of the Wandera service falls under the GDPR’s “Legitimate Interests”.
This regulation (article 6(1)(f)) gives the controller (customer) a lawful basis for processing under most circumstances when using Wandera.
The use of the service does not require explicit consent from the individual end user to install the solution.
Companies acting as controllers operating within the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom are advised to undertake a Legitimate Interest Assessment to ensure that they can install Wandera without requiring consent.
End users have the right to transparency regarding the data collected by Wandera on behalf of their employer and have the right to object and ask for the reasoning behind the collection.
Wandera suggests giving end users access to a privacy notice tailored to the company’s specific environment and recommends consulting internal compliance and legal teams on these matters before proceeding with employee communications.

California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)

Wandera is a “Service Provider” under the CCPA legislation with regard to our service offerings.
While Wandera processes personal information transmitted via our services as described on this page, we do not sell that information to third parties.
10.
Your rights including subject access requests
Wandera’s team has built the necessary technical capabilities and processes to deal with your rights when it comes to your personal data.
Such rights include your right to access, right to rectification, right to erasure, right to restrict or object to processing, right to withdraw consent and the right to data portability.
If you or an employee of your business wish to exercise any of the above rights, please contact Wandera at dataprivacy@wandera.com.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights).
However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request for access is clearly unfounded or excessive.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access the information (or to exercise any of your other rights).
This is an appropriate security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
11.
Use of the Wandera website
The Wandera website uses cookies.
A cookie is a piece of text that gets entered into the memory of your browser by a website, allowing the website to store information on a user’s machine and later retrieve it.
At times during your use of the Wandera website, we may transmit Wandera cookies to the hard drive of your computer.
These cookies assign your Web browser a unique series of numbers, letters, or characters that enable Wandera’s servers to recognize and identify your web browser when you are using the Wandera website.
If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use the website, although some areas may be functionally limited.
Wandera may also use web beacons – also known as single pixel or clear GIFs – on our website to analyse traffic patterns such as the frequency of use of particular parts of the site.
The data collected helps us learn what information is of most interest to our customers and what offers our customers would most like to see.
If you do not want to assist Wandera in improving its website, you “can-opt” of this website analysis by disabling JavaScript on your computer.
If you disable JavaScript, some of the features on our website may not work.
In general, you can use the Wandera website without telling us who you are or giving any personal information about yourself.
12.
Changes to our data privacy policy
This privacy policy was last updated on the 5th January, 2021.
Wandera reserves the right to amend or vary this policy at any time and the revised policy will apply from the date posted on the Wandera website.
You accept that by doing this, Wandera has provided you with sufficient notice of the amendment or variation.
13.
Verifications
Wandera reviews its Privacy Policy and uses both self-certification as well as external audits to ensure that everything stated in this document is true and comprehensive.
that its privacy practices are implemented throughout the business.
This occurs at least once a year and such verifications are signed off by the Data Protection Officer.
14.
Contacting Wandera

14.1.
The Data Protection Officer

Wandera has assigned a Data Protection Officer responsible for Wandera’s compliance with GDPR and other data protection laws.
Any enquiries for the Data Protection Officer can be sent to their attention at the contact addresses shown below, or by writing directly to dataprivacy@wandera.com.

14.2.
Get in touch

For any other enquiries related to this document, please get in touch using the following contact details.

Wandera Ltd.
45 Mortimer Street, London, W1W 8HJ
Wandera Inc.
220 Sansome Street, Suite 1400, San Francisco, CA 94104
Wandera CZ S.R.O.
Moravské nám.
14, 602 00 Brno-střed, Czechia
Wandera Ltd.
Pte, 198 Telok Ayer Street, Singapore, 068637
Via email at dataprivacy@wandera.com
 Wandera Security Suite
Private Access
Threat Defense
Data Policy
Wandera Security Suite
 Use Cases &amp.
Capabilities
Application Access
Conditional Access
Unmanaged Devices/BYOD
Secure Remote Working
Zero Day Phishing
Content Filtering
App Intelligence
Shadow IT Control
Malware Detection
 Integrations
Ecosystem Integrations
Microsoft
VMware
Cybereason
 Wandera Security Cloud
Overview
Global network
Unified Policy
MI:RIAM threat intelligence
Deployment Options
Secure Access Service Edge (SASE)

© 2021 Wandera.
All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy | EULA | Service Description








 By continuing to use our website, you acknowledge the use of cookies.
 Privacy Preferences I Agree Privacy Preference Center Privacy Preferences 

Privacy Policy Required You have read and agreed to our Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy 
      