
 Home / Terms of service  Terms of service  These Wappalyzer terms of service (the 'Terms') describe your rights and responsibilities when using our website, software and APIs (collectively, 'Services').
 Privacy  You consent to Wappalyzer's privacy policy, which explains how we collect and use the information you provide to us.
 Prohibitions on content  You must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, or otherwise exploit our website or material on our website for a commercial purpose, without our consent.
 Account registration  When you open an account we will ask you for information, which may include your name and other personal information.
You must provide accurate and complete information in response to our questions, and you must keep that information current.
You are fully responsible for all activity that occurs under your account, including for any actions taken by persons to whom you have granted access to the account.
We reserve the right to suspend or terminate the account.
 Using our data services Permitted access  You will only access (or attempt to access) an API by the means described in the documentation of that API.
 API limitations  Wappalyzer sets and enforces limits on your use of the APIs (e.g.
limiting the number of API requests that you may make or the number of users you may serve), in our sole discretion.
You agree to, and will not attempt to circumvent, such limitations documented with each API.
 Restrictions  The data provided to you as part of our commercial Services is licensed, not sold.
You may not sublicense, resell or share the data without explicit permission in writing from Wappalyzer.

Do not use contact details included in the data to send spam. Payment for services  Wappalyzer may offer Services to be paid for on a recurring basis or on an one-off basis.
Subscriptions may subject you to recurring fees.
You may cancel your subscription at any time.
You accept that if you no longer require the service it is your responsibility to cancel your subscription.
Cancellation functions are available via your Wappalyzer account.
 Refunds  You cannot get a refund if you change your mind.
Your rights for payment of services are protected under Australian consumer law if your purchase is faulty or doesn't provide what is promised.
 Publicity  You grant us the right to use your company name and logo as a reference for marketing or promotional purposes on our website and in other public or private communications with our existing or potential developers and customers, subject to your standard trademark usage guidelines.
 Disclaimer of warranties  Our Services are provided on an 'as is' and 'as available' basis without warranties of any kind.
You acknowledge that we do not warrant that the Services will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free.
 Limitation of liability  In no event will we have any liability to you or to any third party for any lost profits or revenues or for any damages however caused.
 Modification and termination  We may amend the Terms and the documentation accompanying the applicable Wappalyzer APIs at any time.
We may provide notice by posting the relevant revised Terms on our website or alert you via email.
The revised Terms will be effective as of the time it is posted, but will not apply retrospectively.
Your continued use of the Services after notice of the revised Terms becomes effective constitutes your acceptance of the revised Terms.

 You may terminate the Terms by cancelling your account and ceasing all use of the Services.
 Law and jurisdiction  The Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with Australian law, and any disputes relating to this notice shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Australia.

 To comply with Spam Act 2003, we do not supply contact details to customers in Australia.

