
         Web Admissions Center Privacy Notice Contents

 Section A.
Introduction 
 Section B.
Information collected and how it is used 
 Section C.
Personal information and choice 
 Section D.
Public access to information 
 Section E.
Nondisclosure of certain personal information 
 Section F.
Review and correction of personally identifiable information 
 Section G.
Cookies 
 Section H.
Security 
 Section I.
Disclaimer 
 Section J.
Contact information 
 Section A.
Introduction Thank you for visiting the Web Admissions Center at the State Board for Community and Technical Colleges (SBCTC) and reviewing our Privacy Notice.
This statement addresses collection, use and security of, and access to information that may be obtained through use of the SBCTC Web Admissions Center.
This notice covers the following topics: 

Information Collected and How it is Used 
Personal Information and Choice 
Public Access to Information 
Nondisclosure of Certain Personal Information 
Review and Correction of Personally Identifiable Information 
Cookies 
Security 
Disclaimer 
Contact Information

Top of page Section B.
Information Collected and How it is Used Information collected if you only browse this site  If you do nothing during your visit to the SBCTC Web Admissions Center but browse, read pages, or download information, we will gather and store certain information about your visit.
This information does not identify you personally.
We automatically collect and store the following information about your visit:

The Internet Protocol Address and domain name used.
The Internet Protocol address is a numerical identifier assigned either to your Internet service provider or directly to your computer.
We use the Internet Protocol Address to direct Internet traffic to you.
This address can be translated to determine the domain name of your service provider (for example, xcompany.com or yourschool.edu);
The type of browser and operating system you used.

The date and time you visited this site.

The Web pages or services you accessed at this site.
and 
The Web site you visited prior to coming to this Web site.

 The information we automatically collect or store is logged and used by SBCTC only to improve the content of our Web services and to help us understand how people are using our services.
SBCTC analyzes the Web Admissions Center site logs to determine how the Web Admissions Center is being used, so that we may continually improve the site's usefulness to the public. What we collect if you volunteer information  If during your visit to the Web Admissions Center you participate in a survey, send an e-mail, or perform some other transaction online, the following additional information will be collected:

The e-mail address and e-mail contents, for those who communicate with us via e-mail.
Information volunteered through an online form for any other purpose.

 The information collected is not limited to text characters and may include audio, video, and graphic information formats you send us.
 We use your e-mail to respond appropriately.
This may be to respond to you, to address issues you may identify, to further improve our Web site, or to forward the e-mail to another agency for appropriate action.
Information from other online forms is used to process your application for admission to the Washington community or technical college(s) of your choice.
Top of page Section C.
Personal Information and Choice You may choose whether to provide personal information online.
Personal information is information about a natural person that is readily identifiable to that specific individual.
Personal information includes such things as an individual's name, address, and phone number.
A domain name or Internet Protocol address is not considered personal information.
We collect no personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us by sending us e-mail or by completing an online form.
You may choose not to contact us by e-mail or to provide any personal information using an online form.
Your choice not to participate in these activities will impair your ability to browse the Web Admissions Center and read or download any information provided on the site.
If you choose not to use e-mail or an online form, you can contact any of the Washington community and technical colleges by mail, fax, or telephone and request a paper application.
If personal information is requested on the Web site or volunteered by the user, state law and the federal Privacy Act of 1974 may protect it.
However, this information is a public record once you provide it, and may be subject to public inspection and copying if not protected by federal or state law.
If you believe that your personal information is being used for a purpose other than what was intended when submitted, you may contact SBCTC Customer Support as shown in the Contact Information section of this statement.
Users are cautioned that the collection of personal information requested from or volunteered by children online or by e-mail will be treated the same as information given by an adult, and may be subject to public access.
Top of page Section D.
Public Access to Information In the State Of Washington, laws exist to ensure that government is open and that the public has a right to access appropriate records and information possessed by state government.
At the same time, there are exceptions to the public's right to access public records that serve various needs including the privacy of individuals.
Exceptions are provided by both state and federal laws.
All of the information collected at this site becomes public records that may be subject to inspection and copying by members of the public, unless an exemption in law exists.
RCW 42.17.
260(1) states that:

Each agency, in accordance with published rules, shall make available for public inspection and copying all public records, unless the record falls within the specific exemptions of subsection (6) of this section [RCW 42.17.260(6)], RCW 42.17.310, 42.17.315, or other statute which exempts or prohibits disclosure of specific information or records.
To the extent required to prevent an unreasonable invasion of personal privacy interests protected by RCW 42.17.310 and 42.17.315, an agency shall delete identifying details in a manner consistent with RCW 42.17.310 and 42.17.315 when it makes available or publishes any public record.
however, in each case, the justification for the deletion shall be explained fully in writing.

 In the event of a conflict between this Privacy Notice and the Public Records Act or other law governing the agency’s disclosure of records, the Public Records Act or other applicable law will control.
 The complete Revised Code of Washington (RCW) is available at: http://apps.leg.wa.gov/rcw/default.aspx 
Top of page Section E.
Nondisclosure of Certain Personal Information The Web Admissions Center may require you to provide certain personal information in order to apply for admission at the community and technical colleges in Washington State.
The information is required in order to complete the admissions process.
You may choose not to provide this information.
but if you choose not to provide it, we will be unable to process your application for admission, and you will have to apply for admission either in person or by mail.
The following laws and regulations may prevent the college to which you are seeking admission from disclosing the personal information about you except for the purposes of admission.
Only admissions information can be released without a student's authorization.
Students must sign a release in order to have any other information disclosed or to withhold all information.
Education information may be released to other institutions that have requested the records and in which the student seeks or intends to enroll.
Information may be released to a third party without a student's consent if an emergency situation exists or if information is requested officially by means of a subpoena, court order, or legal report.
Additionally, Congress requires student information to be released to military recruiters if officially requested.
Admissions information may include student's name, address, telephone number, date and place of birth, major fields of study, participation in officially recognized activities and sports, weight and height of members of athletic teams, dates of attendance, degrees and awards received, the most recent previous educational agency or institution attended by the student, and other similar information.

 Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 (FERPA) Section 438, Public Law 90-247 Title IV, as amended, 88 Stat 571-574 (20 USC 1232g) otherwise known as the Buckley Amendment Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act.
 RCW 42.17.310 exempts the following from public inspection and copying: (a) Personal information in any files maintained for students in public schools, patients or clients of public institutions or public health agencies, or welfare recipients.

Top of page Section F.
Review and Correction of Personally Identifiable Information You can review any personally identifiable information the Web Admissions Center collects about you by using the information in the Contact Information section at the end of this Notice.
You may recommend changes to your personally identifiable information you believe to be inaccurate by submitting a written request that credibly shows the inaccuracy.
We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections (RCW 43.105.310).
Top of page Section G.
Cookies To better serve our users, we use "cookies" to customize your browsing experience with the Web Admissions Center.
Cookies are simple text files stored on your computer by your Web browser.
The cookies expire at the end of each Web Admissions session and are created at the beginning of each new session.
Cookies created on your computer by using this Web site do not contain personally identifying information and do not compromise your privacy or security.
We use the cookie feature to store the following information on your computer: 

Session login information.

Top of page Section H.
Security  The State Board for Community and Technical Colleges (SBCTC), as developer and manager of Web Admissions Center, has taken several steps to safeguard the integrity of its data and prevent unauthorized access to information maintained by SBCTC.
These measures are designed and intended to prevent corruption of data, block unknown or unauthorized access to our systems and information, and to provide reasonable protection of private information in our possession.

This information should not be construed in any way as giving business, legal, or other advice, or warranting as fail proof, the security of information provided via SBCTC's Web sites.
Top of page Section I.
Disclaimer The Web Admissions Center Web site has links to other Web sites.
These include links to Web sites operated by other government agencies, nonprofit organizations, and private businesses.
When you link to another site, you are no longer on the Web Admissions Center Web site and this Privacy Notice will not apply.
When you link to another Web site, you are subject to the privacy policy of that new site.
Neither the State of Washington, nor any agency, officer, or employee of the State of Washington warrants the accuracy, reliability, or timeliness of any information published by this system, nor endorses any content, viewpoints, products, or services linked from this system, and shall not be held liable for any losses caused by reliance on the accuracy, reliability, or timeliness of such information.
Portions of such information may be incorrect or not current.
Any person or entity that relies on any information obtained from this system does so at their own risk.
Top of page Contact Information  If you have questions or want to offer comments about Web Admissions Center or about the information presented in this Privacy Notice, contact: 

 SBCTC Customer Support  Washington State Board for Community and Technical Colleges E-mail: support@sbctc.edu 

Top of page
