
         Request Demo 
Solutions

Our Approach 
Overview
Navigating COVID-19
CARES Act FAQ


Our Products 
Assessment &amp.
Accreditation Planning
Course Evaluation &amp.
Institutional Surveys
Curriculum &amp.
Catalog Management
ePortfolios for Assessment
Faculty Activity Reporting


By Department 
Academic Affairs
Educator Preparation
Information Technology
Institutional Effectiveness &amp.
Assessment
Institutional Research
Registrar’s Office
School of Business




Resources

Resource Hub
Webinars
Blog
Case Studies
eBooks &amp.
Guides
Videos


Community

Our Community
Our Partners
Watermark Academy Training
User Conference


Support
Login
Request Demo
 Cookies Watermark Insights Website Cookie Policy What are cookies?
Cookies act as a memory for a website, allowing that website to remember your device on your return visits.
Cookies are small text files that are sent to your device when you visit a website.
Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit.
Cookies can also remember your preferences, improve the user experience, as well as tailor advertisements that are most relevant to you.
You can find more information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage/delete them at www.aboutcookies.org.
The cookie settings on this website are set to ‘allow all cookies’ to give you the very best, most personalized experience.
If you continue without changing these settings, you are consenting to this default setting– but if you want, you can change your settings at any time at the bottom of this page.
To opt out from tracking in your current browser on this site, click here.
What is remarketing?
We use Google AdWords remarketing to advertise Watermark across the Internet, in particular on the Google Display Network.
AdWords remarketing will display ads to you based on what parts of the website you have viewed by placing a cookie on your web browser.

This cookie does not in any way identify you or give anyone access to your computer or mobile device.

The cookie is used to indicate to other websites that “This person visited a particular page, so show them ads relating to that page.”
Google AdWords remarketing allows us to tailor our marketing to better suit your needs and only display information/ads relevant to you.
If you do not wish to see ads from Watermark you can opt out in multiple ways:

Opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ads Settings.
Opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
 Watermark 
Our Solutions
Data &amp.
Integrations
Unparalleled Service &amp.
Support
Get Support
Request a Demo
Contact Us
 Our Company 
About Us
Join Our Team
Watermark Press
Privacy Policy
Master Subscription Agreement
Cookies
Terms
Accessibility
 Resources 
Webinars
Case Studies
Videos
Blog
Sitemap
 Subscribe to Our Mailing List Email Address: © 2021 Watermark.
All Rights Reserved.
