
        You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.

Terms of service


Privacy Policy


Code of Conduct


Content Guidelines

Toggle navigation
Content GuidelinesContent Guidelines
Mature RatingMature Rating
What We RemoveWhat We Remove
Content GuidelinesLast Revised: November 15th, 2019At Wattpad, we set stories free with the goal of creating a safe and comfortable space for everyone to discover and create.
In order to create an inclusive and respectful space, we want to ensure our Wattpadders know what type of content they will discover as well as content they can or cannot post!
Before you take off on your writing journey, please take a peek at the following guidelines:


It’s important to respect and protect fellow Wattpadder’s feelings, property, and personal information.


You shouldn’t post anything you might regret in the future, or that your peers, family, or teachers might not want to see online.


You should read our Content Guidelines, Code of Conduct, Terms of Service, and our Privacy Policy so you have all the information you need to enjoy Wattpad and help others enjoy it too!


If you come across any content that violates our guidelines, let us know by reporting it.
See here for how to do that.
To learn more about Copyright, please see Copyright FAQ.

Rating Your Story

All creators are expected to rate their stories as either Mature, or for Everyone, according to the guidelines provided below.
If you come across a story that has been rated incorrectly, you can let us know by reporting it (see our guide here).
Please note that we will change your rating if it does not comply with these guidelines.Back to topBack to topMature Rating
Marking your story Mature does not mean that it can contain prohibited content.
Stories that contain prohibited content will be removed regardless of their rating.

Mature stories are intended for an audience that is 17 and up.
There are restrictions on discovering Mature stories on Wattpad that help ensure they reach the correct audience.
A story may be rated Mature if it contains any of the following:



Explicit sex scenes




Self-harm themes or scenes (including suicide and eating disorders)




Graphic depictions of violence.
including but not limited to: sexual, verbal, emotional and physical abuse.



If you feel that your story fits our guidelines, but may include parts that aren’t appropriate for younger readers, please rate your story Mature.Back to topBack to topWhat We RemoveThe following are not allowed on Wattpad.
This is not a complete list, and we have the right to remove any content that we find inappropriate.
Any content that could put our community at risk will be removed.
Wattpad has the right to close any account or remove content without notice.Back to topBack to topSexual Content on Wattpad


Pornographic Content.
Wattpad considers content to be pornographic when it exists solely for the purpose of sexual stimulation.



Age of Consent.
The age of consent is 16+ on Wattpad.
Any sexual content between characters must abide by this age of consent and not be in violation of Canadian Law.



Glorification of Sexual Violence.
Wattpad classifies non-consensual sexual acts to include rape, sexual assault, kidnapping for sexual purposes, or sexual slavery.
The content cannot be encouraging or promoting of non-consensual sex acts.



Sexual Roleplay or Messaging.
Wattpad does not permit sexual messages or solicitation.
This includes posting content which encourages sexual private messages, on or off Wattpad, or posting rules for public or private roleplay that are intended for sexual purposes.



Illegal Sex Acts.
In accordance with Canadian Law, any content which encourages illegal sex acts including, but not limited to, bestiality, necrophilia, or incest, will be removed.

Back to topBack to topMedia on WattpadMedia on Wattpad includes images, videos, gifs, and sound clips.
To help keep Wattpad a safe space for everyone to create and discover content, we may remove images that don’t follow our Content Guidelines.
The following Media is not allowed on Wattpad, and will be removed:



Media containing full exposure of any private parts, such as genitalia, breasts, and buttocks.





Media displaying sexual intercourse, or any other sexual act, regardless of whether private parts are visible.





Media displaying self-harm or suicide.





Images of people posted without their consent, except for public figures and celebrities.





Any other media which captures an illegal act.




If you see the following indicator on one of your uploaded images, it means that the image in question appears to violate one of our Content Guidelines and is no longer publicly accessible by your readers on Wattpad.
If you want more information regarding Image moderation please see our Help Centre Article here.
Wattpad has the right to remove any media deemed unfit for Wattpad.Back to topBack to topSelf-Harm on WattpadIf you are struggling with eating disorders, addiction, self-harm, thoughts of suicide, or other challenges, we want you to know that you are supported.
Here is a list of global helplines, because it’s important to reach out if you are feeling blue: Counseling and Prevention Resources
Keep in mind that reading about self-harm and suicide can be upsetting or triggering.
That’s why we want to remind you that:



Content that encourages or gives instruction on self-harm will be removed.





Content that contains lots of description might be rated Mature, and stories that glorify or do not “tell a story” might be removed.
“Telling a story” means the work must have a plot unrelated to the self-harm scene/s, or must show a progression or growth in its characters.



We want to encourage healthy discussions about these issues, so content about recovery, survival or that portray the negative consequences of self-harm are acceptable on Wattpad.



Back to topBack to topViolenceThere are many forms of violence that can be harmful to our community.
We will remove any content or accounts that are intended to shock or disgust our community.Back to topBack to topHate Groups/Extremist ContentAt Wattpad, we are committed to keeping our community safe.
We value diversity and storytelling, so we want to make sure that the stories being told on Wattpad do not contribute to real-world harm.
The following guidelines have been developed in order to maintain a positive community.
On Wattpad, you are not allowed to make physical threats of violence or threats of death towards any individual or group of people.
We will not allow stories or individuals that glorify, praise or romanticize current real life violent hate groups, figures, or extremist organizations with violent or hateful intentions.
This includes:



Groups that express a violent mission.





Organized hate groups.





Terrorist activity.





Single event mass shooters/murderers.



Back to topBack to topTalking about OthersSharing opinions on stories and the quality or style of writing is ok.
We aim to create a safe community for everyone on Wattpad, so be kind, respectful, and please treat others as you would want to be treated, so don’t post any content that:



Bashes a user purely for personal reasons.





Reveals any personally identifying information about other people, including private messages, photographs/videos.
Due to the fictional nature of stories and the chances of real names being used coincidentally, we are unable to remove a work for having the same or similar name to a real person.
Only if there is additional identifying information, such as the city you reside or your work/school, is there a violation of our content guidelines.



Actively promotes violence or hatred.
The promotion of hatred on the basis of race, ethnicity, religion, disability, gender, age, or sexual orientation, or content that is intended to bully, threaten, or harass others, is also strictly prohibited.
General expressions of opinions are allowed, but they cannot be violent in nature or encourage others to attack Wattpad community members.

Back to topBack to topSpamAny content that advertises products or services unrelated to, or not sanctioned by Wattpad is not permitted and will be removed.Back to topCompany
Wattpad Platform
About Wattpad
Culture
Team
Business
Work at Wattpad 
Location
Press
Media Kit
Privacy
Support
Terms
Community
Wattpad
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
Twitter
Business
Life @ Wattpad Instagram
LinkedIn

©2020 Wattpad.
All rights reserved.
