
        Privacy PolicyAnimatron Inc.This document describes how we treat information related to your use of this website and the services offered on and through it (the “Service”), including the personal information you provide while using it.
We expressly and strictly limit use of our services to adults over 13 years of age or the age of majority in the individual’s jurisdiction, whichever is greater.
Anyone under this age is strictly forbidden from using the Service.
We do not knowingly seek or collect any personal information or data from persons who have not attained this age.
We adhere to the Massachusetts Data Protection Act which includes a comprehensive written information security plan.
As you use our services, we want to be clear on how we’re using information you provide and the ways in which you can protect your privacy while using our services.
Please take the time to read this policy, and if you have any questions please contact us.Data Collected
Personal Information.
When registering for an account, we ask for information such as your name, email address, and a password.
Your IP address is recorded automatically.
Some of this information may be used to provide you with our services and may become publicly available through your profile or through other use of our services.

Uploaded Content.
Any personal information or content you voluntarily disclose online, including animations, pictures, videos, comments and your profile page or any other User Submissions, will become publicly available and may be collected and used by others.

Usage.
We may record information about your usage of our services such as the videos you view, the frequency and size of data transfers, and other statistics.
If you have registered and are logged in, we may associate that information with your account.

Correspondences.
We may keep a record of any correspondence between you and us.

Cookies.
When you use our services, we may send cookies to your computer to uniquely identify your browser session.
We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies.

Other Information.
You may have the ability to favor content, make comments, and engage in other social activities.
Any such activities may be visible to the public.Usage of Information
Provide and Personalize.
We may use the information you provide to offer certain features and create a personalized experience with our services.
We may make suggestions for you based on how you use and interact with our services.

Marketing.
We may use your email address or other personal information to send commercial or marketing messages.
We may use your email for non-marketing or administrative purposes as well.

Third-Parties.
We may aggregate your personal information with personal information of other members and users, and disclose such information to advertisers and other third-parties for marketing and promotional purposes.
A link to their respective privacy policies can be found at the end of this document.
We may also share user data with sub-contractors and affiliated entities for the purpose of advertising, research, or any other operational reasons.
Wave.video may allow you to connect a YouTube channel to your account.
In this case, we will access certain information from YouTube about your channel using YouTube API Services.
We may collect channel title, channel thumbnail, username / profile ID and access tokens.
If you decide to connect a YouTube channel to your Wave.video account, see Google’s privacy policy and Youtube's Terms Of Service.
When disconnecting a YouTube channel on Wave.video, Wave.video will delete the stored data associated with that YouTube channel.

Features and Services.
We may use the information you provide to offer features, services, ads, and pricing options to you.

Promotions.
We may use your information to run promotions, contests, surveys, and other features and events.

Other Visitors.
Your username may be displayed to other visitors of our website or those who use our services, alongside content in relation to your uploaded content and other similar features.

Analysis.
We may use viewer data to collect and analyze information about you and your viewers, generate statistics and produce reports, and make recommendations for improving and customizing services according to your preferences, statistics, and usage activities.

Cancellation.
You may cancel your subscription at any time from within your account or by emailing customer support (support@wave.video) and requesting an account cancellation.
Subscription cancellation does not trigger an account deletion.
If you cancel your account, your account will remain on our servers but will be subject to the restrictions of a free plan.
Your subscription cancellation date will be at the end of your billing cycle.
Cancellations that occur within less than 5 business days of their billing cycle might be canceled at the proceeding billing cycle.

Termination.
If you wish to have your account deleted from our server you must email customer service (support@wave.video).
Upon termination of any account, we may keep certain user data on its servers.
Such data may be deleted by email request to customer support (support@wave.video).

Deletion.
We reserve the right to delete inactive or empty free accounts.
If an account is inactive for a long period of time (i.e.
you have not logged into the system within that timeframe), we will attempt to notify you of the pending account deletion and will proceed to delete it and all its content thereafter unless you begin using your account again.Information Security
Your Intellectual Property.
Any content you upload to our platform or create on our platform is yours, and you retain the intellectual property rights to it unless otherwise specified.
Any of your content that has been made public by you (by posting it to a public domain or by making it public on our platform) may be featured by us or used as examples.

Account Information.
If you have an account and password with us, you are responsible for keeping the password confidential.
Anyone else with your account username and password may have access your account and other personal information.
We do not give your personal information to anyone that is not authorized.

Legal Obligations.
We may be required to release certain data to comply with legal obligations or in order to enforce our Terms of Use and other agreements.
We may also release certain data to protect the rights, property, and safety of us, our users, and others.
This includes providing information to other companies and organizations like the police or governmental authorities for the purposes of protection against or prosecution of any illegal activity, whether or not it is identified in the Terms of Use.

Illegal Material.
If you upload any illegal material or are suspected of doing such, we may forward all available information to relevant authorities, including respective copyright owners, without any notice to you.

Deletion.
Animatron reserves the sole right to remove, suspend, delete and/or prohibit any account that is suspected of violating this policy or the company’s Terms of Use.ChangesThis Privacy Policy may be subject to change from time to time.
We will notify you before we make any changes to this policy and give you the opportunity to review the revised policy before you choose to continue using our services.Contact Uswww.animatron.com2 Seaport Lane, Suite 8C, 8th Floor, Seaport East  Boston, MA 02210support@wave.videoThis document was last updated on December 20, 2019
      