
         Waymo Web Privacy Policy Effective Date: February 20, 2018This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by Waymo LLC and its subsidiaries ("Waymo").
This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you use our websites and other products and services that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the "Services").
We may supply a different privacy policy in relation to some of our Services, and that policy will apply to any information provided to or collected by us pursuant to those Services.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time.
If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you a notification).
We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Collection of InformationInformation You Provide to UsWe collect information you provide directly to us.
For example, we collect information when you participate in any interactive features of the Services, fill out a form, provide feedback, participate in a contest or promotion, apply for a job, communicate with us via third party sites, request customer support, or otherwise communicate with us.
The types of information we may collect include your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and any other information you choose to provide.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the ServicesWhen you access or use our Services, we may automatically collect information about you, including:

Log Information: We may collect log information about your use of the Services, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address, and the page you visited before navigating to our Services.
Information Collected by Cookies: Like many websites, we may use cookies to collect information about visitors and visits to our Site.
Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular, and count visits.
For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see "Your Choices" below.
Information We Collect From Other SourcesWe may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services.
For example, we may collect information about you from third parties, including but not limited to identity verification services and publicly available sources.Use of InformationWe may use information about you for various purposes, including to:

Provide, maintain and improve our Services;
Provide and deliver the products and services you request, and send you related information.

Respond to your comments, questions, and requests and provide customer service;
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by Waymo and others, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Services.

Detect, investigate, and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities and protect the rights and property of Waymo and others;
Personalize and improve the Services and provide advertisements, content, or features that match user profiles or interests;
Facilitate contests, sweepstakes, and promotions and process and deliver entries and rewards;
Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service.
and
Carry out any other purpose described to you at the time the information was collected.
Sharing of InformationWe may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:

With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf;
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation or legal process;
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of Waymo or others;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company.

Between and among Waymo and our current and future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries and other companies under common control and ownership.
and
With your consent or at your direction.

We may also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.Social Sharing FeaturesThe Services may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools, which let you share actions you take on our Services with other media, and vice versa.
Your use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature.
For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by OthersWe may allow others to provide analytics services and serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet and in applications.
These entities may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites and applications, including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked and conversion information.
This information may be used by Waymo and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites and better understand your online activity.
For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices.
SecurityWaymo takes reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.Transfer of Information to the U.S.
and Other CountriesWaymo is based in the United States and the information we collect is governed by U.S.
law.
By accessing or using the Services or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing, transfer and storage of information in and to the U.S.
and other countries, where you may not have the same rights and protections as you do under local law.Your ChoicesCookiesMost web browsers are set to accept cookies by default.
If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies.
Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services.Promotional CommunicationsYou may opt out of receiving promotional messages from Waymo by following the instructions in those messages.
If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as those about our ongoing business relations.
California ResidentsThe California Consumer Privacy Act (or CCPA for short), is designed to give California residents the ability to delete the personal information associated with their Waymo account or download a copy of it.
California residents who exercise these rights will not receive any penalties or disparate treatment.
If you have any questions or would like to request the download or deletion of your personal information please visit this help page or use the Support tab in the Waymo app while signed in to your account.
Waymo does not sell your personal information.
We only share your information as described in this policy.
Waymo also only processes your information for the purposes described in this policy, which include “business purposes” under the CCPA.
Contact UsIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@waymo.com.
--
