
         Weather Privacy Policy
This privacy policy ("policy") will help you understand how Weather ("us", "we", "our") uses and protects the data you provide to us when you visit and use
Weather ("website", "extension").
We reserve the right to change this policy at any given time, of which you will be promptly updated.
If you want to make sure that you are up to date with the latest changes, we advise
you to frequently visit this page.
What User Data We Collect
When you visit the website, we may collect the following data:

Your IP address.
Your contact information and email address.
Your location data.

We are collecting your data for several reasons:

To provide accurate weather forecast.
To improve our services and products.
Safeguarding and Securing the Data

Weather extension collects location data to display the weather.
This information is only used for this purpose.
When the extension is uninstalled, all user
data is deleted.
Weather extension is committed to securing your data and keeping it confidential.
Weather has done all in its power to prevent
data theft,
unauthorized access, and disclosure by implementing the latest technologies and software, which help us safeguard all the information we collect online.
Links to Other Websites
Our website/extension contains links that lead to other websites.
If you click on these links Weather is not held responsible for your data and privacy
protection.
Visiting those websites is
not governed by this privacy policy agreement.
Make sure to read the privacy policy documentation of the website you go to from our website.
External Services
 Services that may have access to your data: WeatherExtension.com, Darksky.com, Weather.com and Openstreetmap.org
 If you have any questions, please contact us using our details below:


Weather Extension


Email - support@weatherextension.com

 Weather in Your Browser Get
Weather - It's Free Get
Weather - It's Free Get
Weather - It's Free 









Supports Chrome, Firefox, Opera, and Edge!
