

SearchSolutionsBlogSupportCommunitySign inExtension Privacy PolicyWeb of Trust (WOT)(Last updated January 3, 2021)Web of Trust, operated by WOT Services LP ( “WOT” ), is a worldwide community of millions of users dedicated to creating and maintaining a safe and trustworthy web experience.
The WOT services, offered through our browser add-on extensions ( “WOT Extension” ), involve the collection and analysis of data necessary for the supply of the WOT services.
This policy ( “Privacy Policy” ) is intended to make our users fully aware of the data we collect, the way it is stored, used, and shared, and our users’ rights in relation to such data and practices.
We greatly value our users and their privacy rights, and we encourage all of our users to read and become familiar with this Privacy Policy so that they may understand those rights and how to protect them.
The use of the WOT Extension is subject to the WOT Terms of Use, available at https://www.mywot.com/en/terms (“Terms of Use”) and the WOT Community Guidelines, available at https://www.mywot.com/en/guidelines.
This Privacy Policy is part of the WOT Terms of Use.
By installing the WOT Extension, you acknowledge our collection, storage and use of your Personal Information and Non-Personal Information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
IF YOU OBJECT TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL THE WOT EXTENSION.

 The use of information received from Google API will adhere to the Chrome Web Store User Data Policy including the Limited Use requirements.

Information We CollectWe may collect, from you and about you, information that identifies or can reasonably be used to identify an individual (referred to herein as  “Personal Information” ) and information that does not and cannot identify you (referred herein as  “Non-Personal Information” ).
WOT goes to great lengths, and invests substantial resources, to avoid disclosing Personal Information.
This includes the use of various state-of-the-art anonymization, data cleaning and aggregation techniques to identify and remove Personal Information from information we collect with the goal of storing only Non-Personal Information.

 Information You Provide Directly  – We may collect information directly from you, as follows:



 Customer Support Information–  You may voluntarily provide us with information when you contact us for customer support, such as your name and email address.
We will use any Personal Information received for customer support purposes to communicate with you and support you, and we will not share it with any third parties, except as reasonably necessary to provide customer support.





 Automatically Collected Information  – When you install and use the WOT Extension, we also collect from you automatically information related to your use of the WOT Extension.
This information may include, without limitation, the following:



 WOT Extension Data  - Internet Protocol (IP) address (irreversibly encrypted and hashed on a daily basis as well as trimmed to permanently remove specific location information other than country, city &amp.
postal code, hence we cannot trace the IP back to an individual or device).
WOT user ID, which is a random number we generate to keep track of the data sets we collect.
device type, operating system and browser type.
search engine results page (keyword, order/index of results, link of result, title, description, ads) as well as web pages visited and time stamp of the visit ( “Browsing Data” ).
To avoid processing any Personal Information and to transfer solely Non-Personal Information to our servers, we clean and scrub the Browsing Data on your device prior to transferring it to our servers.



How We Use the DataWOT uses the information collected from or about our users for operational and business purposes in the following ways:



 Customer Support Information-  we use this information solely to provide you with the support you have requested.
The lawful basis for processing this data is the legitimate interest we have in addressing your request.



 WOT Extension Data-  we use the WOT Extension Data for our legitimate interests in enhancing, improving and providing the WOT Services.



Sharing Collected Data with Third PartiesWe share Personal Information under the following circumstances: 
1.
For security and fraud detection.
2.
As required by law or regulation.

3.
In the event of a merger and acquisition.

4.
For the purpose of providing the services.
We share WOT Extension Data with third-party service providers and our affiliated companies who help us deliver elements of the WOT service.
WOT users may opt-out of sharing and collecting this data at any time by following the steps mentioned below in the section “Your Rights”.Cookies &amp.
Third-Party ToolsWhen you use the WOT Extension, we may use cookies that enable us to identify you.
A "cookie" is a small text file located in a browser directory that a website assigns and stores on your computer while you are viewing a website.
The use of cookies is a standard practice, and they are used for various purposes including allowing you to navigate between pages efficiently, enabling automatic activation of certain features, remembering your preferences and making the interaction between you and services such as ours quicker and easier.
Cookies are also used to help customize your experience.
You can find more information about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org.
For more information on third party cookies, check with the relevant third party.
For more information about the third party tools we use at any given time, please contact us at support@mywot.com.
We use the information we receive from third parties such as Google Analytics to improve the WOT services.
We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with any Personal Information that we collect from you.
You may remove cookies by following the instructions on your device for setting your preferences.
For more information, please review Google's privacy policy available here, as well as Google Analytics opt out available here.
For additional information regarding our use of Google products, click here.
We further use  Sentry  in order to monitor and fix errors and crashes in real time.
For more information please review Sentry’s privacy policy available here.Data Transfers, Storage and SecurityWe may need to transfer your information to our affiliated companies in locations around the world for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
We may also appoint third party service providers, operating under our instructions, who may need access to your information in connection with their services on our behalf.
Currently, all of the data we collect from you is stored on servers in the United States.
We will take the necessary steps to ensure that any international transfers of Personal Information meet all statutory requirements under applicable data protection law.
In particular, when Personal Information collected within the European Economic Area ("  EEA  ") is transferred outside the EEA, we will take the necessary steps to ensure that the transfer of such information provides adequate safeguards and is conducted pursuant to standard contractual clauses approved by the European Union, and you may exercise your rights (where applicable) to receive information on the relevant transfer mechanism.
While there are inherent risks involved in all data transmissions over the Internet or wireless networks, and other security risks that apply to stored data, and we therefore cannot guarantee the security of your information, we use our best efforts, using industry-standard encryption and security technologies and methods, to collect and store information collected from you in a secure and safe manner.Data RetentionWe retain the data collected in accordance with this Privacy Policy for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfill and support our operational and business purposes as described herein, or to comply with any applicable legal request or requirement as set forth herein.
With respect to Non-Personal Information, we may choose to retain it for a longer period of time.Your RightsWhere foreseen under applicable law, as is the case within the European Union, you may have the right to ask us to delete Personal Information which you have provided to us (subject to applicable exceptions, such as in order to preserve that information for anticipated litigation or demands from a regulator) or have some or all of the following additional rights: the right to obtain information on our use of your Personal Information, the right to obtain a copy thereof, the right to data portability, the right of data rectification, the right to object to the processing of data based on our legitimate interests, the right to restriction of the processing, and the right to withdraw your consent.
In relation to these rights, please contact our Data Protection Officer at dpo@mywot.com.
Note that we may request certain information in order to confirm your identity, and we reserve the right to charge a fee where permitted by law, such as in circumstances where your request is excessive.
We will use our best efforts to respond to your request within applicable required timeframes.
In addition, you may (subject to applicable law, as is the case within the European Union) have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Note that you may opt out of the WOT Extension Data collection described above by changing the options selected in the “Settings” menu so that the “Real-time Protection” option is set to “Off”.
After you opt out, we will no longer automatically collect the WOT Extension Data.MinorsIf you are under 18, please be sure to read this Privacy Policy with your parents or legal guardian and ask questions about things you do not understand.
In addition, children under age 13 are prohibited from using the WOT Services.
In the event we become aware that a user under the age of 13 has shared any personal information, we will discard such information.
If you have any reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has shared any personal information with us, please contact our Data Protection Officer at dpo@mywot.com.Updates &amp.
RevisionsWe may, from time to time, change this Privacy Policy.
We will post the updated policy on our website https://www.mywot.com/, and encourage you to review this Privacy Policy frequently to be kept informed of any updates.
Note the date at the top of the Privacy Policy in order to determine when the most recent changes have been made.
Your continued use of the WOT Extension after the effective date of any update to this Privacy Policy will indicate your acceptance of the updated and amended Privacy Policy.California Consumer Privacy ActThis section applies only to California consumers and describes the Personal Information that WOT collects, the sources from which we collect it, the purposes for which we use it, the circumstances under which we share Personal Information, and the parties with which we share it.
The term “Personal Information” in this section has the meaning given to it in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
If you are unable to access this Privacy Policy due to a disability or any physical or mental impairment, please contact us and we will provide the relevant information in another format that you can access.

 How We Collect, Use, and Share your Personal Information 

We have collected the following categories of Personal Information in the past twelve (12) months:


 Identifiers, such as your name, e-mail address and IP address.
We collect this information directly from you or from your device when you voluntarily register.


 Internet or network information, such as web browsing activity and search history.
We collect this information directly from your device.
This information is described in greater detail above in this Privacy Policy, under the heading “Automatically Collected Information.”


 Identifiers used to confirm whether you have purchased access or a license to WOT Extension Premium Package.
We collect this information from third-party payment processors, such as Stripe.
This information does not include payment details used to charge a payment method.


 Other Personal Information, in instances requesting and receiving customer support.




The specific types of Personal Information of a California resident that we collect, use and disclose may depend on the specific goods and services provided to such resident and the circumstances of our interaction with such resident.
For more information, please refer to the section above entitled “Information We Collect” And “Cookies and Third Party Tools”.
The business and commercial purposes for which we collect the information described above are detailed above in this Privacy Policy under the heading “How We Use the Data.” The categories of third parties to whom which we disclose this information for a business purpose are described under the heading “Sharing Collected Data with Third Parties.”

 Your California Rights 

If you are a California resident, you have certain rights under the CCPA regarding the Personal Information we collect or maintain about you.
Please note these rights are not absolute, and there may be cases when we decline your request as permitted by law.


 Right of access: you have the right to request that we disclose to you what Personal Information we have collected, used and disclosed about you in the past 12 months.
You may make up to 2 requests in a 12-month period.


 Right of deletion: you have the right to request that we delete Personal Information collected or maintained by us, subject to certain exceptions.


 Right to non-discrimination: you will not receive any discriminatory treatment when you exercise any of your privacy rights under the CCPA.




If you are a California resident, you have the right to opt out of our sale of your Personal Information.
WOT does not sell or otherwise share Personal Information about you except as described in this Privacy Policy.

 How to Exercise your California Rights 

Please contact us at support@mywot.com if you would like to:


 Access this policy in an alternative format;


 Exercise your rights;


 Learn more about your rights or our privacy practices.
or


 Designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf.




You can exercise your rights by sending us a request that includes sufficient details in order for us to evaluate and respond to it.
You may do so directly on your own behalf, or you can designate an authorized agent to exercise your rights on your behalf.
Please note that to protect your Personal Information, we will verify your identity by a method appropriate to the type of request you are making.
We may also request that your authorized agent have written permission from you to make requests on your behalf, and we may also need to verify your authorized agent's identity for the purpose of protecting your Personal Information.
Such verification may necessitate the collection of Personal Information about you and/or your authorized agent.
Please note that if we are unable to verify your identity or the identity of your agent making the request, we may decline your request to exercise your California rights.
We try to respond to all verified requests within 45 days of receiving them.
in certain circumstances, we may need up to 90 days to respond, in which case we will notify you that we require additional time and explain the reason for such extension.

 California “Shine the Light” Law 

In addition to the CCPA rights described above, California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section §1798.83) grants California residents who have an established business relationship with us the right to request, no more than once per calendar year, certain information regarding the disclosure of certain categories of Personal Information to third parties for direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year.
To make a request under such law, please send us an email at support@mywot.com.

 Any Questions/Suggestions 

We welcome and value your input.
If you have any questions or feedback, please feel free to contact us at support@mywot.com
English
MyWOT
About Us
What's new
Contact
Blog
Press
Community
Support
Forum
Community
Wiki
Products
Download
Mobile
Developers
Claim a Site
Safety Check
DownloadADD TO netscapePrivacy PolicyExtension Privacy PolicyTerms of UseGuidelines© WOT Services LP.
All rights reservedAlso available on :This site uses cookies for analytics and personalised content.
By continuing to browse this site, you agree to our cookies policyAccept 
      