

Effective date: January 13, 2021


‍


Webflow uses a range of third-party service providers to assist with its data processing, customer engagement, and analytic activities.
In an effort to be as transparent as possible to our customers, the Subprocessor list includes any third-parties who may have access to your data by utilizing our service.
The type of data that the Subprocessor has access to is limited to only what is reasonably necessary to perform the service provided.
Prior to engaging with a Subprocessor, Webflow performs extensive due diligence, which includes security and legal analysis.
Each Subprocessor is subject to contract terms that enforce compliance with applicable data protection laws.
This list is subject to change, as the needs of the business change.
Please subscribe below to be notified of any updates in the future!
For more information, please contact security@webflow.com.
Webflow currently uses the following Subprocessors: Subprocessor Service Provided Location Amazon Web Services Cloud service provider United States Amplitude Usage analytics United States Bugsnag Error monitoring and app stability United States ChartMogul Subscription analytics and revenue reporting Germany Chili Piper Inbound lead conversion and scheduling United States Clearbit Marketing analytics United States Datadog Cloud monitoring United States DocuSign E-signature platform United States Dropbox Cloud storage United States Fastly Content delivery network United States Gong Revenue intelligence software United States Google Workspace Email, file storage United States HelpScout User relationship management United States Mailjet Transaction email provider United States MongoDB Cloud database provider United States Outreach Sales engagement platform United States PandaDocs E-signature platform United States Papertrail Log management United States Salesforce Customer relationship management United States Segment Customer data platform United States Snowflake Inc.
Data storage and analytics United States Stripe Payment processor United States Typeform Forms and surveys United States Zoom Video conferencing provider United States Subprocessor updates To be notified when we add a new Subprocessor, please subscribe to our mailing list. Email Address Thank you! You are now subscribed! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.

      