

Login

Choose your region:
North America
Europe
Asia Pacific






 Webinar v.
Online Meeting 


 Features 


 Blog 


 About 


Webinar Vs.
Online Meeting
Features
About
Blog


 Menu 
Webinar Vs.
Online Meeting
Features
About
Blog
 Privacy Policy WEBINAR.NET PRIVACY STATEMENT Your privacy is important to us.
This privacy statement explains what personal data webinar.net collects from you, through our interactions with you and through our products, and how we use that data.
Our Privacy Policy explains:



 What information we collect and why we collect it.



 How we use that information.
and 


 The choices we offer, including how to access and update information.

 PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT webinar.net collects data to operate effectively and provide you the best experiences.
You provide most of this data to us directly when you register for webinars and events, or interact with our learning management system.
We get some of it by recording how you interact with our ads, for example, using technologies like cookies, and receiving error reports or usage data.




 First Name and Last Name 


 Phone Number 


 Email Address 


 Company 


 Personal Photo 


 Device Information - such as your hardware, operating version, etc.



 IP Address 


 Voluntary data: Information you voluntarily provide to the Site or when you contact us for any reason.

 HOW WE USE PERSONAL DATA webinar.net uses the data we collect to operate our business and provide you with use of the products and services we and our business partners offer.
This includes using data to improve the products and personalize your experiences.
We also may use the data to communicate with you, for example, informing you about updates and product information we and our customers have to offer. DATA SECURITY webinar.net takes reasonable steps to protect the Personal Data from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Our Company has put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the Personal Data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration or destruction.


All data is accessed via secure connections.


In spite of our efforts to establish a secure environment, you should be aware that no information is completely secure on the internet.
Therefore, you should always take the necessary safeguards on your own equipment.
 SHARING PERSONAL INFORMATION webinar.net does not share Personal Data with any third parties without legal reasons, such as with your consent or to fulfill a contract.
webinar.net stores and processes personal data in secure third party applications for day to day business operations.
All third party applications used by webinar.net to store or process personal data are committed to GDPR compliance.
For more information, please contact info@webinar.net.
We will also share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of webinar.net if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:



 Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.



 Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.



 Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
and/or 


 Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of webinar.net, our users or the public as required or permitted by law.

 HOW TO ACCESS &amp.
CONTROL YOUR PERSONAL DATA We aim to provide you with access to your personal information.
If that information is wrong, we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it – unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes.
You can view or edit your personal data in your account settings.
However, if you would like to delete your personal data or your account, you can do so by emailing info@webinar.net.
You can also make choices about webinar.net' collection and use of your data.
You can always choose whether you wish to receive promotional email from webinar.net.
You can also opt out from receiving interest-based advertising from webinar.net by contacting info@webinar.net.
 CHILDREN’S PRIVACY Our Site is not directed to children under the age of 16.
We do not knowingly collect any personal information about children under the age of 16.
If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected personal information about a child under the age of 16, that information will be immediately deleted from our database.
If a parent believes that his or her child has submitted personal information to us, he or she can contact us via e-mail.
We will promptly delete the information upon learning that it relates to a child under the age of 16.
Please note that it is possible some of this information may remain archived in web logs and back-up archives after we delete the information from our active database. COOKIES &amp.
SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES webinar.net uses cookies (small text files placed on your device) and similar technologies to provide our websites and online services and to help collect data.
Cookies allow us, among other things, to: 



 Store your preferences and settings.



 Provide interest-based advertising.
and 


 Analyze how our websites and online services are performing.


We also use web beacons to help deliver cookies and gather usage and performance data.
Our websites may include web beacons and cookies from third-party service providers.
You have a variety of tools to control cookies, web beacons and similar technologies, including browser controls to block and delete cookies and controls from some third-party analytics service providers to opt out of data collection through web beacons and similar technologies.
Your browser and other choices may impact your experiences with our products. THIRD PARTY PRIVACY STATEMENTS This Privacy Notice governs use of this internet site.
However, if you register for (or attend) an event hosted by webinar.net, your participation may be governed by additional and/or different privacy policies, including privacy polices of an event sponsor who may gather or receive and use your data pursuant to its own policy.
Upon registering for an event, you should receive the privacy policies that are applicable to your participation in that event and be asked to agree to them.
If you register for an event but do not receive event policy notices, or if you have questions about policies presented, please notify us at info@webinar.net before proceeding.
 ABOUT Webinar.net is the first online presentation platform fully hosted in the cloud.
This architecture allows
our customers to reach to very large audiences without capacity concerns, and enjoy clear,
cost-effective pricing. FROM THE BLOG 


 A Review of Tried and True Webinar Hosting Platforms 


 Traits of Webinars That Make Money 


 Overcoming a Webinar Fail 


 How to Keep Your Webinar Audience Captivated 


 Tips to Make Your Webinar Run Smoothly 
 EXPLORE THE SITE 


 Zoom - Webinar.net Case Study 


 Webinar v.
Online Meeting 


 Features 


 The Lab 


 Blog 


 About 


 FAQ's 


 How To's 


 Best Practices 


 Contact Us 


 Terms of Services 
 Privacy Policy 


Cookie Settings

We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits.
By clicking “Accept”, you consent to our and our partners’ use of ALL cookies and other technologies to process your personal data to personalize your experience and deliver tailored advertising to you, on and off our sites.
However you may visit Cookie Settings to provide a controlled consent.

For more information, please review our full Privacy Policy.
Cookie SettingsACCEPTManage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website.
Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities...
Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly.
These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
CookieDurationDescription__hssrcsessionThis cookie is set by Hubspot.
According to their documentation, whenever HubSpot changes the session cookie, this cookie is also set to determine if the visitor has restarted their browser.
If this cookie does not exist when HubSpot manages cookies, it is considered a new session.cookielawinfo-checbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin.
The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin.
The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin.
The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin.
The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".elementorneverThis cookie is used by the website's WordPress theme.
It allows the website owner to implement or change the website's content in real-time.viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies.
It does not store any personal data.
 Functional functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
CookieDurationDescription__hssc30 minutesThis cookie is set by HubSpot.
The purpose of the cookie is to keep track of sessions.
This is used to determine if HubSpot should increment the session number and timestamps in the __hstc cookie.
It contains the domain, viewCount (increments each pageView in a session), and session start timestamp.bcookie2 yearsThis cookie is set by linkedIn.
The purpose of the cookie is to enable LinkedIn functionalities on the page.langsessionThis cookie is used to store the language preferences of a user to serve up content in that stored language the next time user visit the website.lidc1 dayThis cookie is set by LinkedIn and used for routing.
 Performance performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
 Analytics analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website.
These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
CookieDurationDescription__hstc1 year 24 daysThis cookie is set by Hubspot and is used for tracking visitors.
It contains the domain, utk, initial timestamp (first visit), last timestamp (last visit), current timestamp (this visit), and session number (increments for each subsequent session)._ga2 yearsThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics.
The cookie is used to calculate visitor, session, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report.
The cookies store information anonymously and assign a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors._gat_UA-152063622-11 minuteThis is a pattern type cookie set by Google Analytics, where the pattern element on the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to.
It appears to be a variation of the _gat cookie which is used to limit the amount of data recorded by Google on high traffic volume websites._gcl_au3 monthsThis cookie is used by Google Analytics to understand user interaction with the website._gid1 dayThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics.
The cookie is used to store information of how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the website is doing.
The data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages visted in an anonymous form.hubspotutk1 year 24 daysThis cookie is used by HubSpot to keep track of the visitors to the website.
This cookie is passed to Hubspot on form submission and used when deduplicating contacts.
 Advertisement advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns.
These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
CookieDurationDescription_fbp3 monthsThis cookie is set by Facebook to deliver advertisement when they are on Facebook or a digital platform powered by Facebook advertising after visiting this website.bscookie2 yearsThis cookie is a browser ID cookie set by Linked share Buttons and ad tags.driftt_aid2 yearsThis cookie is set by Drift.com for tracking purposes.
According to the Drift documentation, this is the anonymous identifier token.
It is used to tie the visitor on your website with the profile within the Drift system.
This allows Drift to remember the information that this site visitor has provided through the chat on subsequent site visits.fr3 monthsThe cookie is set by Facebook to show relevant advertisments to the users and measure and improve the advertisements.
The cookie also tracks the behavior of the user across the web on sites that have Facebook pixel or Facebook social plugin.IDE1 year 24 daysUsed by Google DoubleClick and stores information about how the user uses the website and any other advertisement before visiting the website.
This is used to present users with ads that are relevant to them according to the user profile.test_cookie15 minutesThis cookie is set by doubleclick.net.
The purpose of the cookie is to determine if the user's browser supports cookies.
 Others others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
CookieDurationDescriptionAnalyticsSyncHistory1 monthNo descriptiondrift_aid2 yearsNo descriptiondrift_campaign_refresh30 minutesNo description available.li_gc2 yearsNo descriptionUserMatchHistory1 monthLinkedin - Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
 Save &amp.
Accept 
      