

 About WebMD 
 Advertising Policy  En español 
WebMD accepts advertising on the WebMD Network from third parties ("Advertisers"), which may include third party banners, badges, contextual advertising and content created or provided by an Advertiser (collectively referred to as "Advertisements" or "Advertising").
In addition, as used in this policy, the terms "Advertising" and "Advertisements" include third party banners, modules, links, microsites, native advertisements and other content provided by or on behalf of Advertisers.
The Advertiser is responsible for the accuracy and objectivity of their Advertising.
The following guidelines have been established by WebMD to govern various aspects of Advertising on properties within the WebMD Network (each a "WebMD Property"), which include websites and mobile applications directed to consumers, which we refer to in this Policy as the "WebMD Consumer Properties," and websites and mobile applications directed to healthcare professionals, which we refer to as the "WebMD Professional Properties."
The guidelines in this policy govern issues like acceptance of Advertisements by WebMD, how Advertisements are displayed on the WebMD Network, and the removal of Advertisements from the WebMD Network.
WebMD has sole and absolute discretion with respect to interpretation and enforcement of this policy and all other issues associated with Advertising on the WebMD Network.
WebMD may change this policy at any time in its sole discretion by posting a revised policy to the applicable WebMD Property.

WebMD has sole discretion for determining the types of Advertising that will be accepted and displayed on the WebMD Network, and under no circumstances will WebMD's acceptance of any Advertisement be considered an endorsement of the product(s) and/or service(s) advertised or for the company that advertises, manufactures, distributes, or promotes the products or services.
WebMD will not knowingly accept Advertising that, in WebMD's opinion, is not factually accurate and in good taste.
There are certain categories of Advertisements that WebMD will not knowingly permit on the WebMD Network at any time.
These categories include but are not limited to the following: 
Illegal, 'objectionable', 'ineffective' and/or 'dangerous' products (WebMD reserves the right to determine what is 'objectionable', 'ineffective' and/or 'dangerous')
fraudulent, deceptive, illicit, misleading or offensive material
material that misrepresents, ridicules, discriminates (real or implied) or attacks an individual or group on the basis of age, national origin, race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, disability or any other status deemed inappropriate for the WebMD Network
alcohol
weapons, firearms, ammunition, or fireworks
gambling
pornography or related themes
tobacco use of any kind
the simulation of news or an emergency
material that directly advertises products to or is intended to attract children under the age of 13


media or messages for or that reference "M" rated video games or content
unreasonable, unlikely or extraordinary product or service claims
media messages or imagery that strobe or flash
media or messages that contain unsubstantiated "miracle" weight loss or other exaggerated claims of cure
advertising units that mimic computer functions or deceptively indicate a computer or other function that would be reasonable to the average user to assume as a reason to click the unit


WebMD recognizes and maintains a distinct separation between Advertising and WebMD's editorial content.
All Advertising on the WebMD Network will be clearly and unambiguously identified.
WebMD will not allow any Advertising on the WebMD Network that is not identified with the label of "Advertisement", "From Our Advertiser", "Information From Industry" or a similar designation indicating that the Advertising is being provided by or on behalf of an Advertiser.
A click on an Advertisement may only link the end user to the Advertiser's site or to relevant sponsored content area on a WebMD Property.
WebMD retains the exclusive right to determine how any and all search results for specific information by keyword or topic are displayed on a WebMD Property based on WebMD delivered search results.
Content listed in search results is displayed with its source, e.g., "WebMD News" or "Journal Article." If Advertising appears in the search results, it is labeled as such.
In addition, WebMD provides a separate area on the search results page of certain WebMD Consumer Properties which only display Advertising.
As described in the "Ads by Google" hyper link in the Ads by Google section on applicable WebMD Consumer Properties Search pages, these "Ads by Google" are Advertisements that have been purchased by companies that want to have links to their websites appear adjacent to search results in response to specific terms.
WebMD reserves the right to decide at any time in its sole discretion whether it will accept, reject, cancel, or remove Advertising from the WebMD Network.
WebMD cannot provide any assurances that Advertisements will perform without error on all platforms, including websites and mobile applications.
It is the Advertiser's responsibility to comply with all domestic and foreign laws and regulations applicable to its Advertising within the WebMD Network (and to include all legally required legends, disclosures and statements in such Advertising), including without limitation the current FDA guidelines for Direct to Physician (DTP) and Direct to Consumer (DTC) advertising.
WebMD will not monitor compliance with such laws and regulations.
However, WebMD reserves the right to review all Advertising for compliance with applicable laws and regulations and, if WebMD becomes aware of any breach or potential breach of any applicable law or regulation or of these guidelines, WebMD may remove the Advertising from the WebMD Network.
No Advertising on the WebMD Network shall include any pixels, tags, flash containers or any other type of information collection software code (any such pixel, tag, code or device a "Pixel") or shall place any beacons, cookies or other information collection devices on the browsers of users of the WebMD Network unless expressly approved in writing by WebMD.
If WebMD approves the inclusion of a Pixel in an advertisement, then unless and only to the extent that such approval contains an express exception, (i) Advertiser may not use such Pixel to collect any personally-identifiable information (PII) with respect to any WebMD user, (ii) no such Pixel can be flash or object based, (iii) the Pixel can be blocked and any cookie placed can be deleted by user browser settings, (iv) Advertiser will not link any non-PII that it collects to any PII that it may have from any other source and (v) Advertiser will not update any existing profile or create any profile in its database based on any data collected on the WebMD site, including the fact that someone is a WebMD user or any information derived from the information in the referring URL.
 Last updated on January 18, 2018 © 2018 WebMD, LLC.
All rights reserved.

      