
         What are cookies
Cookies are files or a piece of information that are sent from a website and stored by the browser on your device (PC, laptop, mobile device or tablet).
They are design to provide the user with the best online experience by remembering the user’s previous activity on the website.
Types of cookies
There are four types of cookies

Persistent (saved) – these types of cookies will be stored by the browser until its expiry date (unless deleted before by a user)
Session (temporary) – this cookie will expire at the end of the session, once the web browser is closed.
First party cookies – come from our website.
We may reuse them in order to improve your website experience on spamtitan.com the next time you will visit our website.
Third party cookies – they come from third party websites and help us analysethe SpamTitan website and improve our marketing efforts.

Cookies on WebTitan website
On WebTitan’s website we use the following cookies:

Google Analytics – used to monitor and analyze our website
Hubspotutk – used to monitor the journey that our potential lead takes before converting on our website.
We also use third party cookies, which include:
Double click – used to target advertisements which may be of particular interest to you.
Google Analytics – placed to analyse the use of this website.
Live person – used to analyze visitor’s behaviour while on the website in order to supply them with the option of live chat.
HubSpot – placed to analyse the use of this website and collects personal information left by a visitor while filling in the form.
Google maps – placed only on Contact us page where the Google map appears, it stores your options such as preferred zoom level

Managing your cookies
Most internet browsers are initially set up to automatically accept cookies, but through the settings in your browser you can either block them or delete existing ones.
However, blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.If you want to change your cookie setting please refer to your browser’s instructions for step by step guide.
