
        wertkartenregistrierung.at uses cookies for customizing our website according to your needs.
By continuing to use this site you agree to the use of cookies.
Learn moreClose Sprache/Language: ENGLISH DEUTSCH EN ENGLISH DEUTSCH 
 HOMEPAGE 
 FAQ 
 CONTACT 
 Privacy Protection Information Due to legal regulations, we are obliged to determine and verify the identity of all customers who wish to conclude a prepaid mobile phone contract with us.
If you therefore do not wish to provide the personal data described below, we will unfortunately not be able to activate your prepaid SIM card for use.
In order to verify your identity, we process the following personal data: how to address you, title, name, date of birth, nationality, place of birth, your e-mail address (optional), type of ID, ID number, issuing authority, country of issue, date of issue, period of validity of the ID.
In addition, you define an individual customer password with which you can identify yourself in the event of future questions or requests.
The following different procedures are available to you for establishing your identity, some of which are also handled by our service providers:

handy-signatur.at
eID (online banking login)
photo identification process (coming soon)
Identification with existing A1 contract (B.free only)
Identification with existing prepaid registration (all available brands)

We store the data collected to establish your identity and the result of the legitimation process during the use of the SIM card.
We will delete your data within two weeks after a final deregistration, unless legal retention periods are in conflict with a deletion.

If I give my consent, I agree revocably to the following use of my personal data: 


We will send you current product information and offers from us and our partner companies by e-mail, SMS or telephone up to 3 years after termination of our contractual relationship.
We use your measurement, WLAN measurement, master, traffic and other personal data to make you the most relevant and useful offers possible.
Product information and offers are thus precisely tailored to your needs.
For example, we offer you a new data package when your free units are soon exhausted.
We are constantly developing our products, services and network.
In order to consider the needs of as many A1 customers as possible, we use so-called Big Data Analyses.
This means that we analyse large amounts of data and link them to contract attributes such as age, gender, postal code, products and categories based on your user behaviour in order to take into account the needs of as many A1 customers as possible.
Your measurement, traffic, master data and other personal data used in this process are, of course, anonymised, and no conclusions can be drawn about your person.
We use the information we obtain through the use of our services to develop our products and services to meet your needs.
In order to better understand your requirements for products and services, it is important to know, for example, with how many end devices you use the Internet at the same time or how many people you call and when.
It is of course impossible to draw conclusions about people or communication content.
The Telekom Austria Group subsidiaries and Vodafone Global Enterprise Limited may send you relevant offers and information about their services (currently 3G Mobile Telecommunications GmbH, A1 Digital International GmbH, Telekom Liechtenstein AG, A1 Slovenija d.d.
(Slovenia), A1 Bulgaria EAD (Bulgaria), one.V.
Global Enterprise Limited, one.V.
(Croatia), one.V.
(Slovenia), one.V.
(Slovenia), one.V.
(Bulgaria), A1 Hrvatska d.o.o.
(Croatia), VIPnet d.d.o.o.
(Slovenia), A1 Slovenija d.d.
(Slovenia), A1 Bulgaria EAD (Bulgaria), one.Vip DOO Skopje (Macedonia) and Vip mobil d.o.o.
(Serbia).
(Serbia)).
The communication channels mentioned above can be used.
 Further information For further information please follow the link of your brand where all details are available (in german language only): A1 - B.free bob Georg WOWWW! yesss! yooopi Further brands BilliTel educom goood Krone mobile KURIER mobil kwikki SIMfonie teleplanet PRIVACY IMPRINT BACK TO TOP 
      