

The information provided on this website has been compiled for your convenience.
By using this website, you agree to be bound by the following terms.
Wesfarmers (including its and its affiliates’ directors, officers, employees, agents, contractors, successors and assigns) (the "Company") makes no warranties about the accuracy or completeness of any information contained on this website or any other website that can be accessed from this website.
The provision of a link to another website does not constitute an endorsement or approval of that website, or any products or services offered on that website.
The Company is not responsible for the information contained on those websites.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, the Company will not accept any liability for any loss or damages of any nature arising out of, or in any in way related to,: 
the use or inability to use this website or any other website linked to it (including any delay or interruption in access);
any errors or omissions on this website or failure to update or correct any information on it or any website linked to it.
and
any investment decisions made on the basis of the information on or accessed via this website (this website does not constitute financial advice and nothing in it constitutes or is intended to constitute an offer of, or an invitation to purchase or subscribe for, securities.
You should obtain professional advice before proceeding with any investment).


Wesfarmers holds the copyright to this website and the images and videos contained on it.
The images in the Photo and video gallery are made available in good faith and on the basis that: 
any reproduction of them will include the following acknowledgement adjacent to the relevant images or videos used - "Copyright © 2016 Wesfarmers Limited";
they may not be altered in any way;
they will not be used in connection with any purpose that is detrimental to the Company or any other third party.

they may not be sold.
and
you indemnify the Company against all liabilities, loss or damage of any nature which the Company may incur to a third party or you as a result of your breach of these restrictions.


Specific consent is required from Wesfarmers to use any other images and videos on this website other than those in the Photo and video gallery.
You also acknowledge that the material in this website is the subject of other intellectual property and legal rights (including third party rights).
Wesfarmers regards your privacy as important and will take all reasonable steps to ensure that if you have subscribed to receive notification of website updates.
your email address will remain confidential.
Wesfarmers reserves the right to make changes to this website, at any time and without notice.
Any disputes arising from or in connection with the information contained on this website are to be governed by the law of the State of Western Australia and you agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of that state.
Wesfarmers' share price is obtained from the ASX and is delayed by 20 minutes or more.
Please contact the ASX for the latest share price.

