

 My IP 
 VPN 
 Servers 
 Download 
 Services 

Web proxy


Speed test


Ping


Whois


DNS leak test




Help

 Buy VPN now 
 My IP 
 VPN 
 Servers 
 Download 

Web proxy


Speed test


Ping


Whois


DNS leak test


Help

 Buy VPN now Privacy Policy Then you use our VPN service, we do not collect or store your IP address, your DNS requests, your application or online services use, or the websites you visit.

That’s the short of it, but we encourage you to take the time to read this Privacy Policy before you install our applications, use our service, or browse our website.
We describe in much more detail how WHOIX LTD handles your personal data when you use our services (“Services”).

Who are we?
Our website whoer.net (“our Site”) and services are operated by WHOIX LTD, which is a limited company registered by address Georgiou Zolota, 5A Strovolos, Lefkosia, Cyprus (referred to as "we," "us," "our," or “Whoer VPN”).
1.
Personal Data Collection and Use
Personal data is understood as any information that relates to an identified or identifiable natural person, and includes the information you provide to us while using our services.
We collect your personal data when you access the websites or use the services related to Whoer VPN, including www.whoer.net, or contact us regarding our services.
We process your personal data in order to provide you our products and services, to send you direct marketing, optimize and improve our products and services, and to comply with our legal obligations.
The legal bases we rely on are contractual and service necessity, legitimate interests, and compliance with legal obligations.
More specifically, we may collect and process data about you in the following situations:
Account Creation and Management
If you create an account with us (note: this is necessary in order for you to use some of our applications or some of their functions), we will need some information about you.
This is the data that is created and stored for the management of your account:
 Account data What we use it for Email address
To send you purchase receipts, communications, and occasional product news License Key
To activate your subscription Subscription renewal date To tell us until when the account is valid Trial User
To add a trial period before the account is charged 
All of the above data is stored for as long as you use our service, as it is necessary for us to provide it.
Data we don’t collect on our VPN service
We do not collect, store or log any of the following data:


Any complete originating IP address that could identify you.


Any DNS queries while connected.
We rely on our own secure DNS servers, so your queries are also protected from exposure to 3rd parties.


Any activity logs: the applications you use, the services you use, the websites you connect to — basically anything you do online.


Service Data from our VPN Clients
In order to make sure our VPN clients do their job properly and improve them, we have to know how people, as a whole, interact with them.
This data pertains to interactions taken in the app, and cannot be used to uncover what you’re using the VPN service for.
 Client Data What we use it for OS Version

Example: Windows 10 For user support, troubleshooting, and product development planning Whoer VPN version 2.0.10.24 Example: Is our latest update deploying well? 
Our other extensions
Our IP Checker don’t collect any data.
Data collected at payment (Billing Data)
We rely on third-party payment processors to handle your product purchases.
You can find out which provider we are working with for the point of purchase (for example our website, etc) you chose by looking at your transactional email or receipt.

Their privacy policies will also be listed there.

These providers may collect a variety of information about you to complete the purchase.
All of them are PCI-compliant or the equivalent and are prohibited from using your personal information for anything but facilitating your payment.

Some of that billing data may be shared with us in order to detect and prevent fraud, help with customer support, or used as a record of your payment for accounting, taxation, and invoicing purposes.
This data is what we call “billing data” and it may include your email address, the product (subscription you purchased) and for how long, and payment information.

We never collect or store your credit card number.
Data collected when you contact us
Email
If you contact us by email, your communication will be stored for 6 months.
We do this to be to speed up our turn around on support and to follow up.
Online chat
When you use our JivoSite functionality, we also store the communication for 6 months.
Our JivoSite (functionality is provided by https://www.jivochat.com), which may also collect some data subject to their security policy and privacy policy.
2.
Where and how long we store your personal data
Where we store your data
When you use our service, you may be using servers located in a variety of different countries.
However, there is a difference between use and storage.

In all cases, we follow generally accepted standards and security measures to protect the personal data submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
We always strive to protect your data to the maximum extent we can.

By using the service, you acknowledge this transfer, storing or processing.

How long we store your data
Concerning storage or retention periods, the specific terms applicable to the various types of data used for various purposes are noted in their respective sections.
After these periods elapse, we will delete this data and no longer use it for that specific purpose.

These retention periods may be longer where it is necessary for us to comply with our legal obligations or legal orders, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements, including in the court of law.

3.
Disclosure of your information
As a rule, we do not disclose any information to other commercial parties, with the following exceptions:
The Whoix LTD
As we are part of the Whoix LTD, information may be shared with members of the Whoix LTD in order to execute on the provisions of this service, for direct marketing, or to help our product development.
In all cases, they are subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.

Provision of services
It may be necessary to share some data with select parties to deliver the product or service you require — such as with a payment card provider who we use to process your credit card transaction, or to do perform website analytics.
The information that is collected and shared with those parties is outlined above.

Whatever the circumstance

“Whoer VPN does NOT store the originating IP addresses of our users when connected to our VPN service, and thus cannot identify users when provided the IP address of one of our servers.
We are also completely unable to disclose any information about the applications people use, the services they employ, or the websites they visit while using our VPN.
We simply do NOT store this information.”

4.
Your Rights
Under the applicable law, you, as a data subject, have certain rights.
You have the right to:


Access information held about you


Rectify (update, correct), your personal data.


Delete your personal data (under certain circumstances).


Restrict the processing of your personal data.


Object to processing based on legitimate interests.


For example, You can unsubscribe from any marketing, newsletter, or other communication we may send you right form the email.
However, you can't unsubscribe from transactional emails.
These emails cover changes to your account, whether you're going to be charged, changes in our policy, and other activities that could impact you directly that we are legally obligated to inform you about.


You can exercise these rights by emailing us at who@whoer.net.
Please note that we may reject or refuse to fulfill to the fullest extent requests which risk the privacy of others or are unreasonable or repetitive, or would require a disproportionate effort.
5.
Changes to this policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time, but we will inform you when we are doing so, and highlight the changes we are making.
We also keep an archive of previous versions of this policy available for review.
6.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or feedback regarding these terms, you can contact us by email: who@whoer.net.
Information


Affiliate Program


Blog


Recover access code


Terms of use


Refund Policy


Privacy Policy


Apps Privacy Policy


Contacts

 Whoer VPN


VPN for Windows


VPN for Mac


VPN for Android


VPN for iOS


VPN for Chrome


VPN for Firefox


VPN for Opera


VPN for Yandex

 Services

 My IP 
 VPN 
 Free VPN 
 Speed test 
 Ping 
 Whois 

DNS leak test


Jabber IM Client

 Useful links

 Customer Support 
 How to Remain 100% Anonymous 
 VPN-related problems and solutions 
 How to install a VPN on your router 
 How to disable Internet when VPN goes offline 
 VPN for Crimea 
 VPN for games 
 apps Copyright © whoer.net 2008-2021 English 
 English 
 Русский 
 Deutsch 
 Français 
 Español 
 Türk 
 中文 
 Layer 1 IP 
This website uses cookies to enhance your experience.
 Accept 
      