
         Frequently Asked Questions Welcome to Who.is We are the web’s premier choice when it comes to performing a WHOIS lookup on domain names.
Since 2005, we’ve offered unique IP tools to look up IP addresses on thousands of top-level domains (TLDs) and second-level domains (SLDs).
Our WHOIS tool provides valuable domain information such as domain registrar, status, expiration date, and DNS name servers.
Use our site to quickly locate administrative and technical contact information for the owner of any domain name.
Our domain name WHOIS results also include IP and IP location information, web server information, related domain availability, premium domain listings and more. Opportunities With Expiring Domains In case you didn’t know, there are hundreds of high quality domains expiring every day.
Domains expire because individuals or businesses simply forget to renew or they decide to let the domain go.
This represents a significant opportunity to purchase valuable domains at an extremely low price.
Use the Who.is tools to identify and register expiring domains and recently expired domains without spending all day doing it.
You can view up to six expiring TLDs (.COM, .NET, .ORG, .INFO, .US, and .BIZ).
Search a keyword phrase and filter the results by character count, include hyphens or numbers, and even view domains that have hundreds of existing backlinks – which can be extremely valuable for your efforts with search engine optimization (SEO).
You would be amazed at some of the domains you could register today! Get Killer Domain Suggestions Because millions of desirable domain names are already taken, finding your perfect domain name can be a daunting task.
The Who.is domain suggestions tool makes it easy to view available domains that are closely related to your desired domain.
Do you want to maximize your chances of getting found in search engines? One of the most important to factors in ranking well on every major search engine is to have a keyword-rich domain name that targets the main keyword(s) of your site.
With Who.is, you can start with a keyword search and fine tune your domain search to display your TLD of choice, hyphenated domains, and limit the amount of characters to get the most concise, brandable, and SEO-friendly domain name possible. ccTLD's and gTLD's What is a TLD? A top-level domain (TLD) is one of the domains at the highest level in the hierarchical Domain Name System of the Internet (think .com, .biz, .uk etc.).
Who.is offers data on a wide variety of domains including country code top-level domains (ccTLDs) and generic op level domains (gTLDs).
Generic TLDs are the most prevalent domain extensions such as .COM, .NET, .EDU, and .GOV just to name a few.
Country code domains (ccTLDs) are domain extensions that represent different countries but can be used creatively to brand your business in a unique way.
For example, www.Who.is uses the domain extension “.IS” which is the ccTLD of Iceland.
Other ccTLDs such as .TV (from the islands of Tuvalu) have become extremely popular as a way for U.S.
companies to brand sites that contain largely video-based content. What is a Domain Name Anyway? A domain name It is a unique identifier - combination of letters and/or numbers - which identifies a specific website or computer on the Internet.
There are three parts of a domain name: Top-level, second level, and third level.
The top level refers to the end of the domain (such as .com) and identifies the type of organization.
A second level domain is the common name identifier such as “Google” and identifies the organization’s website.
The third level domain is at the beginning of the domain name (e.g.
www) and identifies a particular host server.
With the wide variety of domains available, and the complexity of finding that perfect domain, make your domain search and WHOIS lookup simpler today with Who.is!
