
At communities.win, accessible from https://www.communities.win, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors.
This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by communities.win and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email at support@communities.win.
Log Files and IP Addresses
communities.win does not log any information about logged out users.
communities.win logs a hashed IP address for logged in users, which is overwritten each time the IP address changes.
Additionally, we may log data on media uploads which can include internet protocol (IP) addresses and browser type.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website, communities.win uses 'cookies'.
These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences.
The information is used to optimize the users' experience by customizing our web page content.
For example, when logged out users opt to use our dark mode theme, we set a cookie so that this preference can be retained when reloading the page.
Third Party Privacy Policies
communities.win's Privacy Policy does not apply to other websites.
Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-parties for more detailed information.
It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options.
To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
Children's Information
Another priority is adding protection for children while using the internet.
We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
communities.win does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13.
If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in communities.win.
This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
DMCA Takedowns
In order to file a DMCA Takedown request, contact dmca@communities.win.
Legal Requests
Legal requests should be served to PATRIOTS, LLC, a Delaware company.
You can find an extensive list of the data that we store on guests and users on our informal Data We Store document.
