
        
1.
Terms
By accessing this Website, accessible from http://www.communities.win, you are agreeing to be bound by these Website Terms and Conditions of Use and agree that you are responsible for the agreement with any applicable local laws.
If you disagree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from accessing this site.
The materials contained in this Website are protected by copyright and trade mark law.
2.
Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials on communities.win's Website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only.
This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:

use the materials for any commercial purpose;
attempt to reverse engineer any software contained on communities.win's website;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials.
or

This will let communities.win to terminate upon violations of any of these restrictions.
Upon termination, your viewing right will also be terminated and you should destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether it is printed or electronic format.
3.
Disclaimer
All the materials on communities.win’s Website are provided "as is".
communities.win makes no warranties, may it be expressed or implied, therefore negates all other warranties.
Furthermore, communities.win does not make any representations concerning the accuracy or reliability of the use of the materials on its Website or otherwise relating to such materials or any sites linked to this Website.
4.
Limitations
communities.win or its suppliers will not be held accountable for any damages that may arise with the use or inability to use the materials on communities.win’s Website, even if communities.win or an authorized representative of this Website has been notified, orally or written, of the possibility of such damage.
Some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties or limitations of liability for incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5.
Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on communities.win’s Website may include technical, typographical, or photographic errors.
communities.win will not promise that any of the materials in this Website are accurate, complete, or current.
communities.win may change the materials contained on its Website at any time without notice.
communities.win does not make any commitment to update the materials.
6.
Links
communities.win has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site.
The presence of any link does not imply endorsement by communities.win of the site.
The use of any linked website is at the user’s own risk.
7.
Site Terms of Service Modifications
communities.win may revise these Terms of Service for its Website at any time without prior notice.
By using this Website, you are agreeing to be bound by the current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8.
Governing Law
Any claim related to communities.win's website shall be governed by the laws of the U.S., without regards to its conflict of law provisions.
DMCA Takedowns
In order to file a DMCA Takedown request, contact dmca@communities.win.
