

Privacy PolicyWe appreciate that you value your privacy and data protection as much as we do and are pleased to present the Windy.com Privacy Policy.
We have designed our privacy policy and the manner in which we handle user data entrusted to us by our valued users in our community.windy.com (“Community”), or that use our app or visit our website windy.com (“Website”), and/or make use of our other online services, to be as honest and transparent as possible.
We are pleased to have been found to be in full accordance with all applicable legislation, including the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) by the European Union.
These are our three cornerstone promises to you:


Our main reason for storing user data is only to ensure the proper functionality and better user experience of our service and related online services, such as our Community.



We will never sell your personal data to third parties.
Although certain data needs to be shared with key partners, such as server hosting providers, and we also share it for our other legitimate business purposes, such as analytics services, we have ensured that all such partners also meet all GDPR standards.
Our partners are based only in the US or Europe.


We are always implementing the very latest technologies to ensure that all data is stored in a safe manner according to the latest security standards.


We kindly encourage you to read our privacy policy below to learn what data we collect and why.
Your continued faith in us is of utmost importance.
Should you have any questions related to our privacy policy, please do not hesitate to contact us in one of the ways described in the “Contacts” section below.General information

This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) regulates how we use, process and handle your personal data, and how you can exercise your rights regarding your personal data.
This Privacy Policy also regulates how we use cookies and how we process and handle your personal data in connection with the cookies.


This Privacy Policy also provides you with all of the necessary information according to the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”).


In this Privacy Policy, the following definitions are used:


“Company”, “we” means Windyty, SE (known as Windy or Windy.com), a company having its registered office at Strakonická 1199/2d, Praha 5 - 150 00, Czech Republic, registered in the Commercial Register kept by the Municipal Court in Prague, Section H, Insert 1671, Id.
No.: 046 41 647.


“User”, “you” means the person, company or institution that uses the Services.


“Services” means any of the services, applications and website operated by the Company and made available to you.




We are the controller of your personal data.

Personal data that we process and how we process it

In order to provide and maximize your experience with the Services, we may need to collect and use certain information, some of which could be considered ‘personal data’ in your country.
If we can use the information, alone or in combination, to reasonably identify you as an individual, we treat the information as personal data.
Please note that you may choose not to provide us with certain information.
but, by doing so, you may then not be able to receive the full range of Services from us due to the sheer necessity of the information.


Our processing of your personal data will typically be based on one of the following processing legal bases:


because we need to process your data in order to provide you with the Services or a particular feature of the Services, i.e.
to perform our contract with you;


because such processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued either by us or by a third party and such legitimate interests are not overridden by your privacy or related rights as an individual.
Our legitimate interests include the provision of market-leading weather-related Services, and protection of our legal interests;


because we are legally obliged to do so, for example, to disclose your personal data to public authorities.
or


because you have provided us with your specific, informed, freely-given, and unambiguous consent.
we may periodically ask for your further consent to use your personal data for certain specific reasons.




The text below summarizes the ways in which we collect your personal data, what categories of personal data we collect and use, the purposes for which we process your personal data, and the legal bases for such processing purposes.


The extent to which we process your personal data depends on whether you use our services as a registered or unregistered user.

Registered userShould you register yourself on our Community site, and depending on the extent in which you will use our Services, we will process the following information, which may qualify as your personal data:



User account registration. When you choose to register a user account, you will be required to provide your email address and username.
At this moment we also get your IP address login.
This data is provided by you if you wish to create a user account and benefit from the respective functionalities of our Community site and other Services.
We also use it to communicate with you in this regard.
The processing legal basis for this purpose is the performance of a contract.
We may further use this data to analyze, improve, enhance, and fine-tune our products and the Services.
The processing legal basis for this purpose is our legitimate interest in operating, enhancing and further developing the Services.
We may also use your email address for direct marketing.
If we send you electronic marketing messages based on our legitimate interest or as otherwise permitted by applicable law, you may, at any time, declare your objection.
Any electronic marketing messages you receive from us will include an opt-out mechanism within the message itself, e.g.
an ‘unsubscribe’ link in the email you receive from us.



Weather station and webcam registration. You may also register a weather station using your name and location of the station or webcam using your webcam's location and email address.
This data is provided by you to the extent you wish to benefit from this functionality of our Services.
The processing legal basis for this purpose is the performance of a contract.



Your Favorites, Search History and Settings on our servers.

This data is provided by you to the extent you wish to benefit from the respective functionalities of our Services.
The processing legal basis for this purpose is the performance of a contract.
We may further use this data to analyze, improve, enhance, and fine-tune our products and the Services.
The processing legal basis for this purpose is our legitimate interest in operating, enhancing and further developing the Services.



Information provided by you. You may also choose to provide us with information, some of which may be considered personal data, when you interact with the Services in the following ways:


Send us an email message to receive additional information — for example, you might email us with a question and we will use your email address to respond to your inquiry;



Submit a comment, leave feedback, or send us a photo or video — for example, you might submit a cool photo of a weather event you experienced that we may post on the Services so others can enjoy it;


Customize the Services — for example, you might set a “home” location so that every time you visit the Services, you automatically receive a display of the weather for that home location.


This data is provided by you to the extent you wish to benefit from the respective functionalities of our Services.
The processing legal basis for this purpose is the performance of a contract.



Special Note about Content Submissions. The Services may offer areas where you and other users can post or otherwise submit information, photos, videos, graphics, creative suggestions, ideas, notes, concepts, information, ratings, or other materials on or to the Services (collectively, “Submissions”).
Any geolocation information, tags, or other metadata in such Submissions may become publicly available.
Any information, including personal data, in your Submissions can be read, collected and used by others.
We cannot control and are not responsible for how others may use the information contained in your Submissions.
This data is provided by you to the extent you wish to benefit from the respective functionalities of our Services.
The processing legal basis for this purpose is the performance of a contract.



Alerts and Notifications. Certain Services offer you the ability to receive weather-related updates via email or as a mobile notification.
To provide these Services, we need to collect your email address, the geographic area to which the alert updates shall pertain and information about devices that you use.
If you no longer wish to receive these notifications, you may opt out by turning them off within the alert settings of your user account, through the settings on your mobile device or the particular Services for which you registered, or by using the unsubscribe link provided directly in your email alert.
This data is provided by you to the extent you wish to benefit from the respective functionalities of our Services.
The processing legal basis for this purpose is the performance of a contract.



Geographic area-related services. Certain of the Services offer you quick access to weather-related information on your mobile device (e.g.
Widget), and other geographic area-related weather information can be accessed on your desktop or mobile device (e.g.
Radar).
To provide these Services, we need to collect and use information on your current location.
If you no longer wish to share your location with our Services, you may change the settings within your mobile device or not to allow us to use your current location when the Services would require this information.
This data is provided by you to the extent you wish to benefit from the respective functionalities of our Services.
The processing legal basis for this purpose is the performance of a contract.



Statistical and measurement data. We collect statistical and measurement data through automated means from Google Analytics.
Although the data present in Google Analytics reports is anonymized and we are not able to associate it with you, please note that Google itself collects your IP address.
More information about Google Analytics can be found here.
For example, we automatically collect:

Information about your device and device capabilities;
Information about your device’s operating system;
Information about your browser;
Information about how you use the Services;
Your activities on the Services;
Mobile or Internet carrier/provider;
Browser type;
Browser identifier;
Referring URL.

This information helps us to understand, analyze, and measure how users use the Services.
manage the Services' operations.
diagnose problems.
recognize repeat visitors.
and facilitate your access to and use of the Services.
The processing legal basis for this purpose is the performance of a contract and our legitimate interest in the effective operation, enhancement and further development of the Services.


Whenever Windy crashes, a crash message is sent to our server for investigation (and deleted after one month).
The processing legal basis for this purpose is our legitimate interest in improving our Services.


Third party technologies that we use in our infrastructure can produce technical logs with your IP address, we do not perform any analysis or data mining with this data (and delete it regularly, usually after one month).
If any personal data is processed (your IP address), such data is used only to operate and improve such technologies.
The processing legal basis for this purpose is such third party’s legitimate interest in operating and improving their technologies.



Unregistered userIf you use our Services as an unregistered user, only statistical and measurement data (see 2.5.8.) are processed.
All of your Favorites, Search History and Settings are stored solely inside your device, and never transferred to our servers.
Further, we collect the following data:


Whenever Windy crashes, a crash message is sent to our server for investigation (and deleted after one month).
The processing legal basis for this purpose is our legitimate interest in improving our Services.


Third party technologies that we use in our infrastructure can produce technical logs with your IP address, we do not perform any analysis or data mining with this data (and delete it regularly, usually after one month).
If any personal data is processed (your IP address), such data is used only to operate and improve such technologies.
The processing legal basis for this purpose is such third party’s legitimate interest in operating and improving their technologies.



Geographic area-related services. Certain of the Services offer you quick access to weather-related information on your mobile device (e.g.
Widget), and other geographic area-related weather information can be accessed on your desktop or mobile device (e.g.
Radar).
To provide these Services, we need to collect and use information on your current location.
If you no longer wish to share your location with our Services, you may change the settings within your mobile device or not to allow us to use your current location when the Services would require this information.
This data is provided by you to the extent you wish to benefit from the respective functionalities of our Services.
The processing legal basis for this purpose is the performance of a contract.



Recipients of your personal data

The personal data we collect is mainly disclosed to selected employees of our Company.
The access of these employees to your personal data is limited and these employees may access your personal data only to the extent that they need to carry out the obligations arising from their work.


Personal data collected with regard to purchases you make in our Services (subscription) is controlled by third parties based on agreements we have concluded with such parties.
These service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information and correspond with the GDPR.
In case that the third party shares certain data with us that might be considered personal, we are the controller of your personal data and process it on the legal basis of our legitimate interest to know the identity of the purchaser, e.g.
in case of any complaints raised by the purchaser about their subscription.


Some of your personal data may be disclosed to tax authorities, criminal law authorities and, to a certain extent, also to other public authorities.
We will share your personal data when we, in good faith, believe it is necessary for us to do so in order to comply with legal obligations under applicable law, or respond to valid legal processes.


We may also share your personal data where we, in good faith, believe that it is necessary for the purposes of our own or a third party’s legitimate interest relating to law enforcement, litigation and/or criminal investigation, provided that we deem that such interest is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms requiring the protection of your personal data.


Your email address that we use for emailing you may be shared with providers of such emailing services provided that your email address cannot be used for any other purpose than the purpose of informing you about the latest news, projects or updates in our Services.
The legal basis for such sharing is our legitimate interest in outsourcing certain technological services.


Your personal data may be uploaded onto third-party servers belonging to providers of analytical functionalities that we use for the processing of your data provided that your personal data cannot be used for any other purpose than the purpose of improving our services.
The legal basis for such sharing is our legitimate interest in improving our services.


In order to enable users throughout the world to access our Services, it is necessary for us to use third-party servers to provide the proper functioning of our Services.
However, even with the use of such server providers, your personal data is secured in compliance with the GDPR.
The legal basis for such sharing is the performance of a contract and our legitimate interest in providing our services effectively.


To ensure that you receive the greatest privacy guarantees and data protection assurances we can provide, we carefully review all third parties with which we cooperate.
Our third-party service providers do not have any right to use the information we share with them beyond what is necessary for them to assist us.



Information from fan pages on social networks

Within our services, we have certain buttons and tools of the social networks Facebook, Instagram, Reddit, VK and Twitter.
Additionally, we are also active on LinkedIn, YouTube, Buffer, Pinterest and Tumblr.
We never process personal or other visitor fan data in any way other than the settings of the individual social networks allow or for purposes for which the user has given their consent.
Content delivered to the mentioned fan pages by users (e.g.
comments under articles) is primarily the responsibility of the individual users or the operator of the social network.
however, if you send a warning about the objectionable content of such posts, we will properly address it.
On our fan site, we only hear about you if the information is provided by the social networking site or you personally, if you comment on or flag any of our articles or content, or send us a message.
We do not enrich your information in any way with your profile data on that network.



International transfer of personal data

The third parties may also be established outside the European Union.
In this case, we require that these third parties take appropriate measures to protect personal data, which are set out in their Privacy Policies.
Please note that whenever your personal data is transferred outside of the EU to the U.S.
companies, such companies are participating in the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework, therefore the protection of your personal data is ensured (for more information, please visit www.privacyshield.gov).

How long do we store your personal data

We only store your personal data for as long a time as is necessary to provide you with the Services and for legitimate and essential business purposes, such as maintaining the performance of the Services, making data-driven business decisions about new features in our Services, complying with our legal obligations, and protecting our legal interests.



Once you delete your account, or if you so request, we will delete or anonymize your personal data so that it no longer identifies you, unless we are legally allowed or required to maintain certain personal data, including in situations such as the following:


To the extent that we are required to do so by law (e.g.
for our legal, tax, audit, and accounting obligations).


If we believe that the data may be relevant to any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings or dispute, or in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention), which is our legitimate interest.


Where necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as maintaining the security of our system.



How we secure your personal data
Privacy and security are key considerations in the creation and delivery of our Services.
We take appropriate steps to address online security, physical security, risk of data loss and other such risks taking into consideration the risk represented by the processing and the nature of the data being protected.
Also, we limit access to our databases containing personal data to only authorized persons having a justified need to access such information.
How we use cookies

Like many online services providers, we also use cookies to collect additional website usage data to operate and improve our Services.
Cookies are text files that may be sent to and saved in your web browser when you access a website.
Your web browser stores these cookies such that they are associated with each website you visit, and you can generally see your cookies through your browser settings, depending on what browser you are using.


Via cookies, we may also collect certain of your personal data and then process it for the purposes set out below, where we also provide you with information to help you to decide whether you would like to leave cookies turned on or if you would prefer to disable them.


Our cookies do not, by themselves, contain information that directly identifies you, and we do not combine the general information collected through cookies with other such information to tell us who you are.
We use cookies for the following purposes:


Our Website uses cookies to remember who you are, i.e.
to realize if you are logged in to your user account.
The use of such cookies is necessary to provide you, as a registered user, with access to your user account and to be able to utilize the features of the Services to their fullest potential.
Our Services cannot function properly without these technical cookies.


Our Website also uses Google Analytics cookies for the purpose of the creation of statistical reports about general usage by our users and web traffic routing on our Website.
We use the information contained in these reports to understand how you interact with the Website and our Services so that we can effectively manage them and improve them.
More information about Google Analytics cookies can be found here.
The use of cookies for analytical purposes is based on the consent given by you to us when you enter our Website if the cookies are enabled in your browser.




Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies.
By personalizing the options, you can instruct your browser to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting cookies from the websites you visit.
Please note that if you delete, or choose not to accept, technical cookies from the Services (other than Google Analytics cookies), you will not be able to log into your account.

Your rights

We hereby inform you that you have, as available and except as limited under applicable law, the following rights under the GDPR in relation to your personal data:



Right to access and rectification of personal data. You have the right to access and request that we rectify or amend incorrect or incomplete personal data about you that we have collected.
You can do so at Community site via the Edit Profile.



Right to erasure of personal data. You have the right to request that we erase all of your personal data that we have collected during your use of our Services.
If you would like to do so, follow the steps here.
Please be aware that certain data erasure services may be unavailable to you.



Right to restriction of processing of personal data. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data in certain cases until your request that we erase or change your personal data or other objection is processed.



Right to portability of your personal data. You have the right to request that we give you the personal data that you have provided to us if such data has been processed based on your consent or based on a contract concluded with us and such personal data has been processed by automated means.
If you make such a request, we will provide you with all of your personal data that we collected in a structured machine-readable form.
You are also entitled to request that we transfer such personal data to a new controller if it is technically possible.



Right to withdraw your consent to process your personal data. Should we have processed your personal data based on your consent, you can withdraw such consent at any time by sending us a request to do so to dataprotection@windy.com or by other means enabled within our Services.
Please note that such withdrawal will not affect the legality of the processing of your personal data made prior to such withdrawal.



Right to object to the processing of your personal data. If you feel that the processing of your personal data based on our legitimate interest is not proportional to your rights, you can object to such processing and request that we provide you with compelling legitimate grounds for such processing.



Right to object to your personal data being processed for direct marketing purposes. If we send you electronic marketing messages based on your consent or as otherwise permitted by applicable law, you may, at any time, withdraw such consent or declare your objection.
Any electronic marketing messages you receive from us will include an opt-out mechanism within the message itself, e.g.
an ‘unsubscribe’ link in the email you receive from us.



Right to file a complaint. You can contact and have the right to lodge a complaint with the Czech Data Protection Authority or your local Data Protection Authority.




In order to exercise your rights and in addition to the means described above, you are welcome to contact us in one of the ways described in the “Contacts” section below.
We will respond to your request within a reasonable period of time, however not later than within one month from our receipt of your request.

Contacts

If you have a question about data protection, or you want to send us any suggestions in this area, please use the email address dataprotection@windy.com to contact us.


You can also send us a letter to the address of our registered office mentioned in the “General information” section of this Privacy Policy.

Final provisions
We may periodically change this Privacy Policy or change, modify or withdraw access to this site at any time with or without prior notice.
We are committed to keeping you informed about how your personal data is being handled.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you as appropriate under the circumstances, e.g.
by sending you an email or by displaying a notice on the Website or on our Community page or in the mobile application.


