

News Blog
LexDocs
Software
Music Library
Contact &amp.
Support
About
 Privacy Policy Learn how we protect your privacy.
In a nutshell...
WindowsLogic Productions cares about your privacy and likes to let you know what data we have or haven't got about you.
In a nutshell, we do not collect any data which you don't want and dispose of data after a 30 day period if you do want us to use your data.
Your data is used to improve our website, applications and services so we can provide you with the best possible experience. 1.
Sharing Information WindowsLogic Productions does not share any personal information you give us with anyone.
IP addresses and domains are kept private, but can be reported to authorities if they are attacking the services directly. 2.
Information Collection &amp.
Your Rights When contacting us or sending a form on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address and other details to help you with your experience, this data is recorded and sent to us but is deleted after it has been read and/or dealt with and kept for no more than a maximum of 30 days if specified.
Right of Subject Access
If you wish to access or export any of your personal data, then please contact us.
Your data will be sent to the email provided within 24 hours.
Right to Be Informed
You have the right to be informed about any data collection and use of personal data, the reasons for processing it and who can see it.
Right of Rectification
You have the right to ask for data to be put right if the data is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right of Erasure
You have the right to request if information is removed if it is no longer needed or used.
Right to Restrict Processing
The right in some curcumstances, to prevent the processing of personal information if it will cause damage or distress.
Right to Object
The right to object to the processing of information (unless legitimate grounds for the processing are demonstrated that over-ride the interests, rights and freedom of the individual.)
Right to Portability
The right to receive information in an electronic format.
Other Information
WindowsLogic Productions will endeavour to ensure that information is kept accurate at all times.
We place a high value on the importance of information security and have a number of procedures in place to minimise the possibility of a compromise in data security. 3.
Using "Cookies" We do not use cookies for tracking purposes, session or any type of data collection, analytics or statistics. 4.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not send any information to third parties or get information from any third parties, all data put into this website is completely private and no one has the ability to look or get hold of it.
All data is encrypted in AES-256-CBC and is kept local and based around the WindowsLogic Productions servers, no personal data is leaked by us and is confidential. 5.
Third Party Links Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website.
These third party products or services have separate and independent privacy policies.
We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked products or services.
Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these products or services. 6.
Privacy Policy Changes &amp.
Data Breach
When we update our privacy policy, we will notify our users within 72 hours period so that they have time to decide whether to continue using our services or not.
In event of a data breach whereby user data or organisation data is leaked, we will notify users within 72 hours of the breach occuring so they have time to change emails, passwords and allow users to download their data should they wish to use another service. 7.
Making A Complaint &amp.
Seeking Further Information
If you are unhappy with the way your personal information is being handled, you have the right to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner's office, who enforces and oversees the Data Protection Act 1998, which will investigate your complaint.
For further information about the personal information collected and its' use, if you have concerns about the accuracy of personal information, or wish to excercise your rights under the Data Protection Act 1998, you should contact us or the Information Commissioner's office help line via: 01625 545745.
This document was last updated: 09/04/2020 (9th April 2020) ﻿ Donations Help us continue doing what we love by donating so we can improve servers and services. Donate via PayPal Social Media Follow our social media to get notified about everything we make and post. YouTube Channel 1 YouTube Channel 2 DeviantArt Instagram SoundCloud Bandcamp Site Map Navigate to various parts of the site in one click. Main Links
Home
News Blog
LexDocs
Software
Contact &amp.
Support
About Software &amp.
Services
Amino For Desktop
Tweeter
Discontinued Applications
Vivian Important
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Software Agreement
Send Feedback Copyright © 2011 - 2020 WindowsLogic Productions.
All rights reserved.

