
         Wingify Menu 
Our Products
Our Team
Careers
Contact Us
 Write to us Name Email address The email address you entered is incorrect.
Message 
 You can also email us at info@wingify.com Wingify Website Privacy Policy 
This section pertains to the Privacy Policy of wingify.com (hereinafter referred to as "Website" or "Wingify").
We value the trust you place in wingify.com.
For this reason, we endeavor and insist upon the highest standards for security of personal information.


The protection and security of your personal information is among our top priorities.
This Privacy Policy discloses our practice with respect to the information collected from the users of this Website for commercial purposes.
By using this Website, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy (“Usage Terms”) of the Website.
By accessing or using this Website, you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information in any manner described in this Privacy Policy.

The Privacy Policy covers the following areas.
This list is not all-inclusive and is subject to further updates in the future:
1.
Collection of Personally Identifiable Information

This Privacy Policy extends to both, the users who visit the Website but do not transact business on the Website and the users who are Registered on the Website.
“Personal Information” refers to any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person, to whom such information pertains including, but not limited to, name, phone number, and email address.

2.
Use of Cookies

A "cookie" is a small piece of information stored by a Web server on a Web browser so that it can be later read from that browser.
Cookies are useful for enabling the browser to remember information specific to a given user.
The website wingify.com places both permanent and temporary cookies in your computer hard disk drive.
Website cookies do not contain any of your personally identifiable information.

3.
Use of Demographic and Profile Data

In our efforts to continually improve our product and service offerings, we collect and analyze demographic and profile data about user activity on our website.
We identify and use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website.

4.
Security Precautions

Our site has stringent security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
Whenever you change or access your account information, we offer the use of a secure server.
After your information is in our possession, we adhere to strict security guidelines, protecting these against unauthorized access.

5.
Questions

Questions regarding this statement should be directed to privacy@wingify.com.

6.
Information Sharing

Wingify will share the sensitive personal information to any third party, without obtaining the prior consent of the user in the following limited circumstances:


When it is requested or required by law or by any court or governmental agency or authority to disclose, for the verification of identity, for the prevention, detection, investigation including cyber incidents, or for prosecution and punishment of offences.
These disclosures are made in good faith and belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary for enforcing these Usage Terms.
for complying with the applicable laws and regulations.
The Website proposes to share such information within its group companies and officers and employees of such group companies for processing personal information on its behalf.
We also ensure that these recipients of such information agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We and our affiliates will share/sell some or all your personal information with another business entity should we (or our assets) plan to merge with, or be acquired by, that business entity, or reorganization, amalgamation, or restructuring of business.
Should such a transaction occur that other business entity (or the new combined entity) will be required to follow this privacy policy with respect to your personal information.

7.
Links to Other Sites

Links from Wingify to other websites may collect personally identifiable information about you.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of the linked websites.
Our product-specific privacy policies are mentioned below:
VWO &amp.
PushCrew 

NOTE: Our privacy policy is subject to change at any time without notice.
Last updated: October 23, 2018 Careers
Team
Contact Us 
Team Blog
Engineering Blog
Wingify on Growth
CSR Policy
Security
Privacy Policy


Copyright © Wingify



Your Privacy


Strictly Necessary Cookies


More Information

Privacy Preference CentreActive
Always Active Save SettingsAllow All We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic.
We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.
CloseAccept CookiesCookie Settings
      