
The use of this website presupposes and implies the knowledge and acceptance, by the User, of the WiseMetering Terms and Conditions of use and other applicable legislation.
The contents of this website are intended to provide general information about the company’s activity, and its use is the sole responsibility of the user.
This website may contain links to third-party websites that are not owned or controlled by the company that owns this website and therefore do not assume responsibility for the content or privacy policies of third-party websites.
The company that owns this website will not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or allegedly caused by or in connection with the use of the website, goods or services available on or through such websites.
The User may not use this website for any illegal or unauthorized purpose or violate any applicable laws, including, but not limited to, copyright laws.
The user agrees not to use the site:

in any way or take any action that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impair the performance, availability or accessibility of the website;
in any way that is illegal or in connection with any illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity;
To copy, store, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material such as spyware or any other type of malicious software that damages other users’ websites and computers;
Transmitting illegal, threatening, accusatory, obscene content, or any other content that may constitute or encourage violation of current laws.

Copyright
All the contents of this website, namely texts, graphics, images, logos, domains and any other elements are the property of the entity that owns the website that holds the copyright and intellectual property, graphics, images, sounds, logos, brands, domains and any other elements.
Responsibility
In no case will the entity that owns this website, nor any of its directors, officers and employees be held responsible for any situation arising out of or in any way related to the use of its website, nor will they be held indirectly, consequentially or especially arising out of or in any way related to the use of this site.
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
Portuguese Law will apply to all issues not expressly regulated in these WiseMetering Terms and Conditions.
The entity that owns this website reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify or replace these terms at any time without notice.
