







Login
 Search for: 
PT
EN
 Search for: 
Home
The Platform
Resources

FAQ
News
Brochures


Pricing
Partners
Careers
 CONTACT Privacy Policy Updated on 15/10/2020 Wisemetering - LM Group Privacy Policy LMIT (hereinafter Society) will always process the personal data of the users of its Website in a lawful and equitable manner, for specific and legitimate purposes and only to the extent necessary for those purposes, in strict compliance with the principles described in this policy, Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation) and applicable data protection legislation, in all personal data processing activities under responsibility.
The Personal Data Protection Policy is part of the normative body for the protection of personal data of the Group and is complemented by the supplementary documents of this normative body, which includes rules and procedures for the management of the security and privacy of personal data.
a.
Controller identification and contacts
LMIT – Innovation &amp.
Technology, Lda, headquartered at Rua Capitão Leitão, nº 2, 1950-050 Lisbon, registered at the Commercial Registry Office under the number of person from Lisbon with the registration number and legal person 507825900, with a capital € 5,000.00, is – in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation and other legislation on the protection of personal data in force in the countries where it operates – the Controller for the treatment of the personal data we collect when registering and browsing in this website.
b.
What categories of Personal data are processed?
For the purposes of this policy, any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (data subject) is considered personal data.
The data subject can be identified directly or indirectly, namely through an identification number or through specific characteristics of their physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.
The Company only collects personal data that are necessary for the purpose for which they are intended.
If the user intends to provide information about other personal data, he must do so voluntarily, since these data are not requested, nor are they necessary.
The provision of the user’s personal data is not a legal or contractual obligation, however, if you do not provide them, it may make our response unfeasible.
The Society on its website collects and processes data resulting from job applications such as: name, date of birth, tax identification number, identification number, email address, civil mobile phone number and any other data contained in CVs sent, or any others that the candidate intends to provide voluntarily.
c.
What data are retained? For how long?
The Company will keep the personal data shared only for the period necessary for processing according to the respective purpose.
After the end of this period, the company will either make your data anonymous or safely destroy it.
d.
Who is your personal data shared with?
In order to better fit an application, we may share the data with other companies in the Grupo LM to which the Company belongs, established in Member States of the European Union.
Transfers of your personal data to third parties will only be made with your consent.
These companies have the appropriate security measures in place to protect your data.
e.
What are your rights and how can you exercise them?
The Company provides the holders of the personal data for which it is responsible for processing the processes and tools that allow it to exercise, in a timely manner, the rights that are recognized under the terms of Regulation (EU) 2016/679, namely:

Information to the holder of personal data;
Access to information about your personal data;




That we transfer the personal data you provided to us to another entity;




Correction of your data or updating;
The deletion of your personal data;
The cessation of the processing of your personal data when you decide to oppose its treatment;




Limitation of the processing of your data;
Transferring your data to another Grupo company;



On the other hand, you can always and at any time withdraw your consent without compromising the lawfulness of the treatment carried out based on the consent previously given.
In order to ensure that personal data are not accessed by employees of the Company without legitimacy for the purposes for which they were collected, the Company established a process for assigning access to information (in physical or logical format) and to personal data based on the “need to know” principle.
This principle dictates that only access that is strictly necessary for the performance of users’ functions should be assigned.
The access profiles to the information systems are configured in order to guarantee that only authorized users can access personal data according to the specificity of each purpose.
To exercise your rights or whenever you have any questions about the use of your personal data, you can contact the Company by email, to the address: mjoao.donato@lmge.pt
You can file a complaint with the supervisory authority. WiseMetering is an energy management platform focused on optimizing consumption and reducing costs.
Providing monitoring solutions for buildings and the retail market.
The Platform
Objectives
Solutions
Functionalities
Components
 Resources
FAQ
 Additional Links
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Terms and Conditions
About LMIT
 Wisemetering - LM Group.
All rights reserved.

 Would you like to become a Wisemetering partner? Fill out the form to take an active role in the life of this energy management platform!









 Ramo ---ArquitecturaAuditorias &amp.
Energia &amp.
SCE &amp.
SGCIEBanca &amp.
SegurosCâmaras MunicipaisConstruçãoData CentersDesenvolvimento de SoftwareDesportoDistribuidores de Equipamentos,EducaçãoEmpreiteirosEntretenimentoFacility ServicesFarmacêuticaFísica e AmbienteFundos ImobiliáriosGestão de EdifíciosGestão de ObrasIndústriaMediaMuseusParques de EstacionamentoParticularProjectistas / EngenhariaProjectoPromotores ImobiliáriosPúblicoReal Estate &amp.
CondomíniosRestauraçãoRetail Ao enviar este formulários eu concordo com os Termos de Uso e Políticas de Privacidade.

 × We use cookies on our website to provide a relevant experience, remembering your favorites and future visits.
By clicking "Accept", you agree to the use of ALL cookies.SettingsACCEPTCookie Settings Fechar Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website.
Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the ...
Necessary Necessary Sempre activado The necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the proper functioning of the website.
This category includes only cookies that guarantee basic functionality and security features of the website.
These cookies do not store any personal information. non-necessary non-necessary Quaisquer cookies que possam não ser particularmente necessários para o funcionamento do site e sejam usados ​​especificamente para coletar dados pessoais do usuário por meio de análises, anúncios e outros conteúdos incorporados são denominados cookies não necessários.
É obrigatório obter o consentimento do usuário antes de executar esses cookies no seu site. GUARDAR E ACEITAR 
      