
         Cookie Policy of www.wishlist.com Cookies consist of portions of code installed in the browser that assist the Owner in providing the Service according to the purposes described.
Some of the purposes for which Cookies are installed may also require the User's consent.
Where the installation of Cookies is based on consent, such consent can be freely withdrawn at any time following the instructions provided in this document. Technical Cookies and Cookies serving aggregated statistical purposes 
 Activity strictly necessary for the functioning of the Service  This Application uses Cookies to save the User's session and to carry out other activities that are strictly necessary for the operation of this Application, for example in relation to the distribution of traffic.


 Activity regarding the saving of preferences, optimization, and statistics  This Application uses Cookies to save browsing preferences and to optimize the User's browsing experience.
Among these Cookies are, for example, those used for the setting of language and currency preferences or for the management of first party statistics employed directly by the Owner of the site.


 Other types of Cookies or third parties that install Cookies Some of the services listed below collect statistics in an anonymized and aggregated form and may not require the consent of the User or may be managed directly by the Owner - depending on how they are described - without the help of third parties.
If any third party operated services are listed among the tools below, these may be used to track Users’ browsing habits – in addition to the information specified herein and without the Owner’s knowledge.
Please refer to the privacy policy of the listed services for detailed information.

 Analytics The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior. Google Analytics with anonymized IP (Google Inc.) Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc.
(“Google”).
Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. This integration of Google Analytics anonymizes your IP address.
It works by shortening Users' IP addresses within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
Only in exceptional cases will the complete IP address be sent to a Google server and shortened within the US.
 Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.

 Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
Privacy Shield participant.
 Google AdWords conversion tracking (Google Inc.) Google AdWords conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Google Inc.
that connects data from the Google AdWords advertising network with actions performed on this Application.
 Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.

 Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
Privacy Shield participant.


 Remarketing and behavioral targeting This type of service allows this Application and its partners to inform, optimize and serve advertising based on past use of this Application by the User. This activity is performed by tracking Usage Data and by using Cookies, information that is transferred to the partners that manage the remarketing and behavioral targeting activity. In addition to any opt out offered by any of the services below, the User may opt out of a third-party service's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page. AdWords Remarketing (Google Inc.) AdWords Remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Google Inc.
that connects the activity of this Application with the Adwords advertising network and the Doubleclick Cookie.
 Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.

 Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.


 SPAM protection This type of service analyzes the traffic of this Application, potentially containing Users' Personal Data, with the purpose of filtering it from parts of traffic, messages and content that are recognized as SPAM. Google reCAPTCHA (Google Inc.) Google reCAPTCHA is a SPAM protection service provided by Google Inc. The use of reCAPTCHA is subject to the Google privacy policy and terms of use.
 Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.

 Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
Privacy Shield participant.


 How to provide or withdraw consent to the installation of Cookies In addition to what is specified in this document, the User can manage preferences for Cookies directly from within their own browser and prevent – for example – third parties from installing Cookies.Through browser preferences, it is also possible to delete Cookies installed in the past, including the Cookies that may have saved the initial consent for the installation of Cookies by this website.Users can, for example, find information about how to manage Cookies in the most commonly used browsers at the following addresses: Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari and Microsoft Internet Explorer.
With regard to Cookies installed by third parties, Users can manage their preferences and withdrawal of their consent by clicking the related opt-out link (if provided), by using the means provided in the third party's privacy policy, or by contacting the third party.
Notwithstanding the above, the Owner informs that Users may follow the instructions provided on the subsequently linked initiatives by the EDAA (EU), the Network Advertising Initiative (US) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (US), DAAC (Canada), DDAI (Japan) or other similar services.
Such initiatives allow Users to select their tracking preferences for most of the advertising tools.
The Owner thus recommends that Users make use of these resources in addition to the information provided in this document. Owner and Data Controller WishList.com, Inc., 46-E Peninsula Center, Suite 363, Rolling Hills Estates, CA 90274

Owner contact email: privacy@wishlist.com
 Since the installation of third-party Cookies and other tracking systems through the services used within this Application cannot be technically controlled by the Owner, any specific references to Cookies and tracking systems installed by third parties are to be considered indicative.
In order to obtain complete information, the User is kindly requested to consult the privacy policy for the respective third-party services listed in this document.

Given the objective complexity surrounding the identification of technologies based on Cookies, Users are encouraged to contact the Owner should they wish to receive any further information on the use of Cookies by this Application.
