
         TERMS OF SERVICE (18/03/2021) &nbsp.
PRIVACY POLICY (26/10/2020) &nbsp.
ADDITIONAL MENTIONS  TERMS OF SERVICE Sites / Services Terms and conditions of Use &amp.
Sale Last modification: 18/03/2021 


  User's Acknowledgment and Acceptance of Terms
WizeTech ("Us" or "We") provides WizeBot and various related services (collectively, the "site") to you, the user, subject to your compliance with all the terms, conditions, and notices contained or referenced herein (the "Terms of Use"), as well as any other written agreement between us and you.
In addition, when using particular services or materials on this site, users shall be subject to any posted rules applicable to such services or materials that may contain terms and conditions in addition to those in these Terms of Use.
All such guidelines or rules are hereby incorporated by reference into these Terms of Use.

BY USING THIS SITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF USE.
IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY THE THESE TERMS OF USE, PLEASE EXIT THE SITE NOW.
YOUR REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THIS SITE, OR ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, CONTENT, OR OTHER INFORMATION AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THIS SITE, IS TO STOP USING THE SITE AND/OR THOSE PARTICULAR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.
YOUR AGREEMENT WITH US REGARDING COMPLIANCE WITH THESE TERMS OF USE BECOMES EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY UPON COMMENCEMENT OF YOUR USE OF THIS SITE.

These Terms of Use are effective as of 04/30/2012.
We expressly reserve the right to change these Terms of Use from time to time without notice to you.
You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this site and these Terms of Use from time to time and to familiarize yourself with any modifications.
Your continued use of this site after such modifications will constitute acknowledgement of the modified Terms of Use and agreement to abide and be bound by the modified Terms of Use.

As used in these Terms of Use, references to our "Affiliates" include our owners, subsidiaries, affiliated companies, officers, directors, suppliers, partners, sponsors, and advertisers, and includes (without limitation) all parties involved in creating, producing, and/or delivering this site and/or its contents.


  Description of Services
We make various services available on this site including, but not limited to, Bot hosting, and other like services.
You are responsible for providing, at your own expense, all equipment necessary to use the services, including a computer, modem, and Internet access (including payment of all fees associated with such access).

We reserve the sole right to either modify or discontinue the site, including any of the site's features, at any time with or without notice to you.
We will not be liable to you or any third party should we exercise such right.
Any new features that augment or enhance the then-current services on this site shall also be subject to these Terms of Use.


  Registration Data and Privacy
In order to access some of the services on this site, you will be required to use an account and password that can be obtained by completing our online registration form, which requests certain information and data ("Registration Data"), and maintaining and updating your Registration Data as required.
By registering, you agree that all information provided in the Registration Data is true and accurate and that you will maintain and update this information as required in order to keep it current, complete, and accurate.

You also grant us the right to disclose to third parties certain Registration Data about you.
The information we obtain through your use of this site, including your Registration Data, is subject to our Privacy Policy, which is specifically incorporated by reference into these Terms of Use.


  Conduct on Site
Your use of the site is subject to all applicable laws and regulations, and you are solely responsible for the substance of your communications through the site.
By posting information in or otherwise using any communications service, chat room, message board, newsgroup, software library, or other interactive service that may be available to you on or through this site, you agree that you will not upload, share, post, or otherwise distribute or facilitate distribution of any content -- including text, communications, software, images, sounds, data, or other information -- that:

a.
is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another's privacy, tortious, contains explicit or graphic descriptions or accounts of sexual acts (including but not limited to sexual language of a violent or threatening nature directed at another individual or group of individuals), or otherwise violates our rules or policies;

b.
victimizes, harasses, degrades, or intimidates an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age, or disability;

c.
infringes on any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity, or other proprietary right of any party;

d.
constitutes unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, junk or bulk email (also known as "spamming"), chain letters, any other form of unauthorized solicitation, or any form of lottery or gambling;

e.
contains software viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs that are designed or intended to disrupt, damage, or limit the functioning of any software, hardware, or telecommunications equipment or to damage or obtain unauthorized access to any data or other information of any third party.
or

f.
impersonates any person or entity, including any of our employees or representatives.

We neither endorse nor assume any liability for the contents of any material uploaded or submitted by third party users of the site.
We generally do not pre-screen, monitor, or edit the content posted by users of communications services, chat rooms, message boards, newsgroups, software libraries, or other interactive services that may be available on or through this site.
However, we and our agents have the right at their sole discretion to remove any content that, in our judgment, does not comply with these Terms of Use and any other rules of user conduct for our site, or is otherwise harmful, objectionable, or inaccurate.
We are not responsible for any failure or delay in removing such content.
You hereby consent to such removal and waive any claim against us arising out of such removal of content.
See "Use of Your Materials" below for a description of the procedures to be followed in the event that any party believes that content posted on this site infringes on any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity, or other proprietary right of any party.

In addition, you may not use your account to breach security of another account or attempt to gain unauthorized access to another network or server.
Not all areas of the site may be available to you or other authorized users of the site.
You shall not interfere with anyone else's use and enjoyment of the site or other similar services.
Users who violate systems or network security may incur criminal or civil liability.

You agree that we may at any time, and at our sole discretion, terminate your membership, account, or other affiliation with our site without prior notice to you for violating any of the above provisions.
In addition, you acknowledge that we will cooperate fully with investigations of violations of systems or network security at other sites, including cooperating with law enforcement authorities in investigating suspected criminal violations.


  Third Party Sites and Information
This site may link you to other sites on the Internet or otherwise include references to information, documents, software, materials and/or services provided by other parties.
These sites may contain information or material that some people may find inappropriate or offensive.
These other sites and parties are not under our control, and you acknowledge that we are not responsible for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, decency, or any other aspect of the content of such sites, nor are we responsible for errors or omissions in any references to other parties or their products and services.
The inclusion of such a link or reference is provided merely as a convenience and does not imply endorsement of, or association with, the site or party by us, or any warranty of any kind, either express or implied.


  Intellectual Property Information
Copyright (c) 2021 WizeBot - All Rights Reserved - SIREN: 791 973 829 | CNIL: 1663565.

For purposes of these Terms of Use, "content" is defined as any information, data, communications, software, photos, video, graphics, music, sounds, and other material and services that can be viewed by users on our site.
This includes message boards, chat, and other original content.

By accepting these Terms of Use, you acknowledge and agree that all content presented to you on this site is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws, and is the sole property of WizeBot and/or its Affiliates.
You are only permitted to use the content as expressly authorized by us or the specific content provider.
Except for a single copy made for personal use only, you may not copy, reproduce, modify, republish, upload, post, transmit, or distribute any documents or information from this site in any form or by any means without prior written permission from us or the specific content provider, and you are solely responsible for obtaining permission before reusing any copyrighted material that is available on this site.
Any unauthorized use of the materials appearing on this site may violate copyright, trademark and other applicable laws and could result in criminal or civil penalties.

Neither we or our Affiliates warrant or represent that your use of materials displayed on, or obtained through, this site will not infringe the rights of third parties.
See "Users Materials" below for a description of the procedures to be followed in the event that any party believes that content posted on this site infringes on any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity, or other proprietary right of any party.

The following are registered trademarks, trademarks or service marks of WizeBot or its Affiliates: words, logos, etc..
All custom graphics, icons, logos and service names are registered trademarks, trademarks or service marks of WizeBot or its Affiliates.
All other trademarks or service marks are property of their respective owners.
Nothing in these Terms of Use grants you any right to use any trademark, service mark, logo, and/or the name of WizeBot or its Affiliates.


  Unauthorized Use of Materials
Subject to our Privacy Policy, any communication or material that you transmit to this site or to us, whether by electronic mail, post, or other means, for any reason, will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary.
While you retain all rights in such communications or material, you grant us and our agents and affiliates a non-exclusive, paid-up, perpetual, and worldwide right to copy, distribute, display, perform, publish, translate, adapt, modify, and otherwise use such material for any purpose regardless of the form or medium (now known or not currently known) in which it is used.

Please do not submit confidential or proprietary information to us unless we have mutually agreed in writing otherwise.
We are also unable to accept your unsolicited ideas or proposals, so please do not submit them to us in any circumstance.

We respect the intellectual property of others, and we ask you to do the same.
If you or any user of this site believes its copyright, trademark or other property rights have been infringed by a posting on this site, you or the user should send notification to our Designated Agent (as identified below) immediately.
To be effective, the notification must include:

1.
Identify in sufficient detail the copyrighted work that you believe has been infringed upon or other information sufficient to specify the copyrighted work being infringed).

2.
Identify the material that you claim is infringing the copyrighted work listed in item #1 above.

3.
Provide information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you (email address is preferred).

4.
Provide information, if possible, sufficient to permit us to notify the owner/administrator of the allegedly infringing webpage or other content (email address is preferred).

5.
Include the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above as allegedly infringing is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law."

6.
Include the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

7.
Sign the paper.

8.
Send the written communication to the following address:

Designated Agent for Claimed Infringement:

Contact: Planchez Mathieu
Email: mathieu.planchez@wizebot.tv

You acknowledge and agree that upon receipt of a notice of a claim of copyright infringement, we may immediately remove the identified materials from our site without liability to you or any other party and that the claims of the complaining party and the party that originally posted the materials will be referred to the United States Copyright Office for adjudication as provided in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.


  Disclaimer of Warranties
ALL MATERIALS AND SERVICES ON THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR THE WARRANTY OF NON-INFRINGEMENT.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WE MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT (A) THE SERVICES AND MATERIALS WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (B) THE SERVICES AND MATERIALS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, (C) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICES OR MATERIALS WILL BE EFFECTIVE, ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, OR (D) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, OR INFORMATION PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU FROM THE SITE FROM US OR OUR AFFILIATES WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS OR BE FREE FROM MISTAKES, ERRORS OR DEFECTS.

THIS SITE COULD INCLUDE TECHNICAL OR OTHER MISTAKES, INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS.
WE MAY MAKE CHANGES TO THE MATERIALS AND SERVICES AT THIS SITE, INCLUDING THE PRICES AND DESCRIPTIONS OF ANY PRODUCTS LISTED HEREIN, AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE.
THE MATERIALS OR SERVICES AT THIS SITE MAY BE OUT OF DATE, AND WE MAKE NO COMMITMENT TO UPDATE SUCH MATERIALS OR SERVICES.

THE USE OF THE SERVICES OR THE DOWNLOADING OR OTHER ACQUISITION OF ANY MATERIALS THROUGH THIS SITE IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND WITH YOUR AGREEMENT THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM SUCH ACTIVITIES.

Through your use of the site, you may have the opportunities to engage in commercial transactions with other users and vendors.
You acknowledge that all transactions relating to any merchandise or services offered by any party, including, but not limited to the purchase terms, payment terms, warranties, guarantees, maintenance and delivery terms relating to such transactions, are agreed to solely between the seller or purchaser of such merchandize and services and you.
WE MAKE NO WARRANTY REGARDING ANY TRANSACTIONS EXECUTED THROUGH, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS SITE, AND YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT SUCH TRANSACTIONS ARE CONDUCTED ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.
ANY WARRANTY THAT IS PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, MATERIALS, OR INFORMATION AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THIS SITE FROM A THIRD PARTY IS PROVIDED SOLELY BY SUCH THIRD PARTY, AND NOT BY US OR ANY OTHER OF OUR AFFILIATES.

Content available through this site often represents the opinions and judgments of an information provider, site user, or other person or entity not connected with us.
We do not endorse, nor are we responsible for the accuracy or reliability of, any opinion, advice, or statement made by anyone other than an authorized WizeBot spokesperson speaking in his/her official capacity.
Please refer to the specific editorial policies posted on various sections of this site for further information, which policies are incorporated by reference into these Terms of Use.

You understand and agree that temporary interruptions of the services available through this site may occur as normal events.
You further understand and agree that we have no control over third party networks you may access in the course of the use of this site, and therefore, delays and disruption of other network transmissions are completely beyond our control.

You understand and agree that the services available on this site are provided "AS IS" and that we assume no responsibility for the timeliness, deletion, mis-delivery or failure to store any user communications or personalization settings.

SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES, SO SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.


  Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT SHALL WE OR OUR AFFILIATES BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF THIS SITE OR OF ANY WEB SITE REFERENCED OR LINKED TO FROM THIS SITE.

FURTHER, WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE IN ANY WAY FOR THIRD PARTY GOODS AND SERVICES OFFERED THROUGH THIS SITE OR FOR ASSISTANCE IN CONDUCTING COMMERCIAL TRANSACTIONS THROUGH THIS SITE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE PROCESSING OF ORDERS.

SOME JURISDICTIONS PROHIBIT THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.


  Paid Products &amp.
Prices
The prices listed in the catalog are prices shown in Euros, net (VAT is non applicable according to article 293 B of French CGI).
We reserves the right to change prices at any time and to replicate any VAT rate growth.
However, only the price appearing in the catalog on the day of the order shall be applicable to the buyer.
An invoice of your subscription can be issued upon request, contact our customer service if you wish to make this request.


  Immediate execution
By accepting the current Terms and Conditions, the Customer waive his or her withdrawal right regarding the service (as defined in the article L.221-28 of the French Code de la consommation), provided his or her express consent to this waiver had been given by the customer.
In accordance with the article L.221-28 of the French Code de la consommation, we providing access to an online tool with initial and / or regular billing on terms specified in the section of these Terms specifying the access conditions to the software, any withdrawal will be considered a cancellation of the contract and therefore of planned future payments.
A withdrawal cannot lead to the refund of any amount already paid for past use of the service.
In case of default (failure to perform a contractual obligation) from a party (Customer or Publisher), the contract can be automatically terminated by the other party after the filling and sending of a letter of formal notice by registered post with proof of receipt.
The letter will indicate the failures that have been noticed.In the event of termination the Publisher will notify the Customer of the coming termination of the subscription to the service, and the Customer will stop using his or her credentials to access the service.
The total or partial inability to use the service due to incompatibility of equipment cannot lead to any compensation, reimbursement or questioning the responsibility of the publisher, except in the case of a proven hidden defect or non-conformity.
In case of non delivery of an order or part of an order, the customer has up to 60 days (starting from the expected delivery date) to come forward.
No claim will be accepted beyond this time period.


  Payment information
The user can place order on this site and pay by credit card (Stripe) and PayPal.
The credit card payments are made through secure transactions provided by an online payment platform provider.
This site has no access to any user payments data.
Payment is made directly to the bank or online payment platform provider.
If the user is paying by bank check or transfer, availaibity time periods defined in these Terms and Conditions shall only run from the date the seller actually receives the payment, the seller having full choice of means to prove this date.


  Indemnification
Upon a request by us, you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us and our Affiliates harmless from all liabilities, claims, and expenses, including attorney's fees, that arise from your use or misuse of this site.
We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will cooperate with us in asserting any available defenses.


  Security and Password
You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account and for any and all statements made and acts or omissions that occur through the use of your password and account.
Therefore, you must take steps to ensure that others do not gain access to your password and account.
Our personnel will never ask you for your password.
You may not transfer or share your account with anyone, and we reserve the right to immediately terminate your account if you do transfer or share your account.


  Participation in Promotions
From time to time, this site may include advertisements offered by third parties.
You may enter into correspondence with or participate in promotions of the advertisers showing their products on this site.
Any such correspondence or promotions, including the delivery of and the payment for goods and services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such correspondence or promotions, are solely between you and the advertiser.
We assume no liability, obligation or responsibility for any part of any such correspondence or promotion.


  E-mail, Messaging, Blogging, and Chat Services
We may make email, messaging, blogging, or chat services (collectively, "Communications") available to users of our site, either directly or through a third-party provider.
We make available separate supplemental agreements characterizing the relationship between you and us that, except where expressly noted or contradictory, includes these Terms.

We will not inspect or disclose the contents of private Communications except with the consent of the sender or the recipient, or in the narrowly-defined situations provided under the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, or as other required by law or by court or governmental order.
Further information is available in our Privacy Policy.

We may employ automated monitoring devices or techniques to protect our users from mass unsolicited communications (also known as "spam") and/or other types of electronic communications that we deem inconsistent with our business purposes.
However, such devices or techniques are not perfect, and we will not be responsible for any legitimate communication that is blocked, or for any unsolicited communication that is not blocked.

Mailboxes may have a limited storage capacity.
If you exceed the maximum permitted storage space, we may employ automated devices that delete or block email messages that exceed the limit.
We will not be responsible for such deleted or blocked messages.


  International Use
Although this site may be accessible worldwide, we make no representation that materials on this site are appropriate or available for use in locations outside the France, and accessing them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited.
Those who choose to access this site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
Any offer for any product, service, and/or information made in connection with this site is void where prohibited.


  Termination of Use
You agree that we may, in our sole discretion, terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the site with or without notice and for any reason, including, without limitation, breach of these Terms of Use.
Any suspected fraudulent, abusive or illegal activity may be grounds for terminating your relationship and may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities.

Upon termination or suspension, regardless of the reasons therefore, your right to use the services available on this site immediately ceases, and you acknowledge and agree that we may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all related information and files in your account and/or bar any further access to such files or this site.
We shall not be liable to you or any third party for any claims or damages arising out of any termination or suspension or any other actions taken by us in connection with such termination or suspension.


  Governing Law
This site (excluding any linked sites) is controlled by us from our offices within the France.
It can be accessed from France, as well as from other countries around the world.
As each of these places has laws that may differ from those of France, by accessing this site both of us agree that the statutes and laws of the France, without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof, will apply to all matters relating to the use of this site and the purchase of products and services available through this site.
Each of us agrees and hereby submits to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue any court of competent jurisdiction within the France with respect to such matters.


  Notices
All notices to a party shall be in writing and shall be made either via email or conventional mail.
Notices to us must be sent to the attention of Customer Service at complaints@wizebot.tv, if by email, or at (WizeBot) Planchez Mathieu - 22 rue jules verne - 44470, Carquefou - France if by conventional mail.
Notices to you may be sent to the address supplied by you as part of your Registration Data.
In addition, we may broadcast notices or messages through the site to inform you of changes to the site or other matters of importance, and such broadcasts shall constitute notice to you at the time of sending.


  Entire Agreement
These terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement and understanding between us concerning the subject matter of this agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings of the parties with respect to that subject matter.
These Terms of Use may not be altered, supplemented, or amended by the use of any other document(s).
Any attempt to alter, supplement or amend this document or to enter an order for products or services which are subject to additional or altered terms and conditions shall be null and void, unless otherwise agreed to in a written agreement signed by you and us.
To the extent that anything in or associated with this site is in conflict or inconsistent with these Terms of Use, these Terms of Use shall take precedence.


  Miscellaneous
In any action to enforce these Terms of Use, the prevailing party will be entitled to costs and attorneys fees.
Any cause of action brought by you against us or our Affiliates must be instituted with one year after the cause of action arises or be deemed forever waived and barred.

You may not assign your rights and obligations under these Terms of Use to any party, and any purported attempt to do so will be null and void.
We may free assign our rights and obligations under these Terms of Use.

You agree not to sell, resell, reproduce, duplicate, copy or use for any commercial purposes any portion of this site, or use of or access to this site.

In addition to any excuse provided by applicable law, we shall be excused from liability for non-delivery or delay in delivery of products and services available through our site arising from any event beyond our reasonable control, whether or not foreseeable by either party, including but not limited to, labor disturbance, war, fire, accident, adverse weather, inability to secure transportation, governmental act or regulation, and other causes or events beyond our reasonable control, whether or not similar to those which are enumerated above.

If any part of these Terms of Use is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed in a manner consistent with applicable law to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original intentions of the parties, and the remaining portions shall remain in full force and effect.

Any failure by us to enforce or exercise any provision of these Terms of Use or related rights shall not constitute a waiver of that right or provision.


  Contact Information
Except as explicitly noted on this site, the services available through this site are offered by WizeBot located in France.
If you notice that any user is violating these Terms of Use, please contact us at complaints@wizebot.tv.


  Interruption and Suspension
WizeBot may suspend service of one of its users in the following cases:
- Breach of Conditions (and primarily for non-payment of price or inaccurate personal information),
- Disputes or other disputes between the user and WizeBot (suspension time resolution of the dispute / definitely depending of the the severity of the action against us),
- Application for an administrative, judicial or arbitral authority,
- Breach of Twitch Conditions and Rules Of Conduct (http://www.twitch.tv/user/legal?page=rules-of-conduct).
- Request for third with a service user violates any of its rights.

In case of suspension, no request for extension of the offer can not be requested.
Similarly, the responsibility of the WizeBot will not be sought.

WizeBot may interrupt the service of one of its users in the following cases:
- Danger to the maintaining security or of stability of the platform hosting,
- Maintenance and repair,
- Absolute necessity.


  Availability and Maintenance
WizeBot (as well as these other services) is accessible 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, subject to the occurrence of a case of force majeure or an event beyond the control of WizeTech and unless interruption, suspension or limitation in as part of maintenance and / or updating operations necessary for the proper functioning of WizeBot or for any other reason, in particular technical.
WizeTech is only bound by an obligation of means regarding the accessibility, operation and / or availability of WizeBot or its content.

WizeTech reserves the right to interrupt at any time with or without notice, to suspend or limit access to all or part of WizeBot or its content temporarily or permanently, in particular due to legal constraints or technical.

Users expressly acknowledge that the aforementioned interruptions, suspensions or limitations may occur at any time with or without notice and that they will not give rise to any obligation or compensation, for their benefit.



  Service Evolution
WizeBot is a service in constant evolution in BETA version, the functionalities / tools can be brought to change at any time with or without prior notice.
These same functionalities / tools can be suspended / stopped temporarily or permanently at any time with or without prior notice.


Users expressly acknowledge that the aforementioned changes, interruptions, suspensions or limitations of functionalities / tools may occur at any time with or without prior notice and that they will not give rise to any obligation or compensation, for their benefit.



  Products, Tools, etc
By using our services, you agree not to disclose your access, sources codes or resources that are at your disposal.
In the contrary case, you recognize that WizeBot may have recourse to justice against you.


  Donation System
Our donation system makes a relay to the payment provider accounts of our users and receive notifications of payment to launch all notifications in return, we receive no donations and no way we manage disputes between donors and our users.
The receptions donations are the sole responsibility of our users.

If you are a minor, you must have permission from a parent or legal guardian to send donation and your parent or legal guardian must accept these conditions on your behalf.


  Underage (minor)
If you are a underage (minor), you must have permission from a parent or legal guardian to use the Site and Services and your parent or legal guardian must accept these conditions on your behalf.
Persons aged under 13 years can not create an account or provide any personal information.


  Subscriptions
Subscriptions to our service provide access to several benefits (depending on the types of subscriptions), they take effect immediately (see Immediate execution section) and are not refundable.
Certain subscriptions offer the possibility to activate the automatic renewal (You have the choice of activating it or not during the subscription), this renewal can be deactivated without delay after subscription from the premium page.
As for the initial payment, the immediate execution of the renewal takes place upon receipt of the payment, the customer waives his right of withdrawal regarding the service (see Immediate execution section).



  Unlimited Subscriptions
We offer / we offered the possibility of obtaining unlimited subscription, the subscription will be available for the entire life of our service.
If our service should be ended, no request for reimbursement will be possible.


  Premium Subscription Codes
Our service offers the possibility to purchase premium subscription codes, these codes can be offered to anyone using our service.
These codes are in no way refundable.
The user making this purchase must keep these codes secret, we decline all responsabilities in case of stealing, unwanted use.

In case of "dispute" of the payment linked to the purchase of a Premium code, the premium subscription of the account which used the code may be withdrawn following the dispute (Even if the destination account is not that of the purchase).
The right to use codes could also be blocked on the account, a total blocking of the account is also possible if fraudulent use is detected.


  Bonus
Let's take a look at your seniority and other parameters (Like joining our social networks) you can get extra days when you subscribe.
You must respect the conditions of these bonuses, any non-compliance (or misappropriation) of these conditions could lead to the blocking of bonuses or the blocking of subscriptions on your account.


  Transfert of Account
Transfert of account (Premium, configuration, etc) is not possible in any case.


  Blocking paid service usage
WizeBot reserves the right to block pay usage for these services to a user in case of past disputes between the user and WizeBot or of inappropiate use of service of one of those users.


  Blacklist of Users
This blacklist contains all users reported as having broken the rules of conduct of the Twitch plateform.
Each (permanent) case is investigated over several weeks and user blacklist come only for repeated offenses of the user.
Users of our service have the choice to enable or disable the blacklist on the channel.

For all requests for un-blacklist, you can send a message to the following email address: blacklist@wizebot.tv.
These requests do not concern the unblocking of the accounts banned on our service.


  Suspended Account / Deleting Accounts
Your account may be suspended in the following ways: Manual deactivation, ban of bot, timeout of bot (repeated), channel closed (Or banned by Twitch).
In case of suspension, the deletion of your account datas begins after 2 months after the deactivation, progressively the datas of your account are removed per period (P1.
2 months after deactivation | P2.
3 months after deactivation | P3.
6 months after deactivation) until the complete deletion of the data of your account.
You can delete your account (and all datas) without delay from our panel in the My Account section.

All of your datas (premium, configurations, donations, subscriptions, etc.) are deleted and no refunds / restore can be claimed even after reopening of the account.



  Virtual shop (feature)
Our functionality under the name "virtual shop" uses only our points system (Virtual Currency) as a means of payment.
The articles displayed on the external Websites of our users are created by these same users.
WizeBot can not be held responsible for all text, images and other information relating to these fictitious articles.
In case of violations with the moral rules or conditions of our service, you can contact us at complaints@wizebot.tv to send a report.
 PRIVACY POLICY Websites / Services privacy policy Last modification: 26/10/2020 

Within the context of its activity, the company WizeBot (WizeTech), whose head office is located at (WizeBot) Planchez Mathieu - 22 rue jules verne - 44470, Carquefou - France, collects and processes information, some of which is called "personal data".
WizeBot attaches great importance to the respect of privacy, and only uses data responsibly and confidentially and for a specific purpose.


In addition to the Websites that link to this Policy, this Policy applies to the following:


WizeBot.tv and all sub-domains,
Wize.bot and all sub-domains,
MultiTwitch.live and all sub-domains,
Wlink.co and all sub-domains,
Wzb.lv and all sub-domains.


For more transparency, you can find below (A.
B.
C.
D.
E.) the information we can collect and process according to your use on our Websites / services / contacts.


Personally-identifying data is collected when it is strictly necessary, they are identifiable via 
.

&nbsp.
identifies sensitive data such as authentication tokens, other data (without icon) is non-personally-identifying and non-sensitive data but only informative information.



  A - When accessing our Websites When accessing our Websites, WizeBot will learn certain information about you during your visit. How we will handle information we learn about you depends upon what you do when visiting our Websites.



  I - If you visit our Websites to read or download information on our pages, we can collect and process the following information about you: 


 The name of the domain (IP address) from which you access the Internet,
The date and time you access our site,
The Internet address of the website (referer) you used to link directly to our site,
The User agent that identifies the browser you are using.



 &nbsp.
The information mentioned above is kept for a maximum of 30 days on our servers.

 WizeBot use (internal) software programs to create summary statistics, which are used for such purposes as assessing the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, what information is of most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas.
The data collected via our analytics tool is anonymized in order to keep only the essential data without storing our users/visitors personally-identifying information.
In addition, our analytics tool does not use cookies to track progress on our sites and supports the "Do No Track" option of your browser.
 For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, WizeBot uses software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.



 &nbsp.
WizeBot will not obtain personally-identifying information (Except IP address (A.I.1.)) about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us, nor will such information be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection.



  B - When accessing and using our Service When accessing and using our Service, WizeBot will learn certain information about you during your utilization. How we will handle information we learn about you depends upon what you do when using our service.



  I - If you use our service for your Twitch channel, we can collect and process: 


 Your Twitch authentication Token ID and Refresh ID,
Your Twitch Channel name and Twitch ID,
All information accessibles via the API's / WebHook's / PubSub (WebSocket) provided by Twitch (Channel (public) informations, followers, subscribers, etc),
All information about your chat (Chat messages and chat actions history, users in chat, etc),
Donations information (without personally-identifying information) (If you use our donation feature),
Any other information agreed upon during the use/configuration of our service and information necessary for the proper functioning of our service.



 &nbsp.
The information mentioned above is kept until the total deletion of your account which occurs 6 months (180 days) after the deactivation of the account or if you use immediate total deletion.
After deletion only the Twitch Channel name and Twitch ID is kept for the proper operation of the service.



 &nbsp.
The chat history of the day is automatically deleted every day at 00H00 UTC.


  II - If you use the YouTube features, we can collect and process: 
The latest videos informations (including statistics (views, comments and likes)),
Informations of the videos submitted by your viewers (SongRequest).



 &nbsp.
The information mentioned above is generally kept for a maximum of 24 hours.
Some information (title and duration) of the videos of the "SongRequest" feature are kept until the manual or automatic deletion of the title or the deletion of your account (See B.I).


  III - If you use the Twitter features, we can collect and process: 


 Twitter authentication and account information,
Twitter informations accessibles via all APIs public provided,



 &nbsp.
The information mentioned above is kept until the deletion of your account (See B.I) or the de-linking of the Twitter account on the service (See Twitter Integration page).


  IV - If you use the Discord features, we can collect and process: 


 Discord authentication and account / server information.



 &nbsp.
The information mentioned above is kept until the deletion of your account (See B.I) or the de-linking of the Discord account on the service (See Discord Integration page).


 &nbsp.
WizeBot will not obtain personally-identifying information about you when you accessing and using our Service, unless you choose to provide such information to us, nor will such information be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection.



  C - When accessing and using our third party services When accessing and using our third party services, WizeBot will learn certain information about you during your utilization. How we will handle information we learn about you depends upon what you do when using this third party services.



  I - If you connect to one of our Websites / third party services via the Twitch authentication, we can collect and process: 


 Your Twitch authentication Token ID,
Your Twitch Channel name and Twitch ID.



 &nbsp.
The information mentioned above is kept temporarily (in session) for the proper functioning of the authentication of the linked service.


  II - If you connect to one of our Websites / third party services via the Twitter authentication, we can collect and process: 


 Twitter authentication and account information.



 &nbsp.
The information mentioned above is kept temporarily (in session) for the proper functioning of the authentication of the linked service.


  III - If you connect to our third party service "Twitch Notice Extension", we can collect and process: 
Your Twitch Channel name and Twitch ID,
Any other information agreed upon during the use/configuration of our service and information necessary for the proper functioning of our service.



 &nbsp.
The information mentioned above is kept until the deletion of your account (The deletion link is available on the configuration page).


 &nbsp.
WizeBot will not obtain personally-identifying information about you when you accessing and using our Service, unless you choose to provide such information to us, nor will such information be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection.



  D - When you make a subscription on our service When you make a subscription on our service, WizeBot will learn certain information about you: 


  I - If you make a subscription on our service as an individual, we can collect and store the following information about you: 


 Last name and first name,


 Billing address,


 Email address.



  II - If you make a subscription on our service as a professional, we can collect and store the following information about you: 


 Name of entity,


 Intra-Community VAT number (if available),


 Billing address,


 Email address.



  III - Depending on the plateform of payment used (PayPal, Stripe), we can collect and store the following information about you: 


 Payment information that the platform returns to us,


 Recurrent subscription information that the platform returns to us (In case of recurrent subscription).



 &nbsp.
Invoicing data is kept until the maximum legal period (10 years).


 &nbsp.
This invoicing information is fully encrypted and is used exclusively for billing on our service, nor will such information be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection.



  E - When you contact us When you contact us, WizeBot will learn certain information about you: 


If you identify yourself by sending us an mail or e-mail containing personal information, then the information collected will be solely used to respond to your message and process request.
If you identify yourself by sending us an private message via social media containing personal information, then the information collected will be solely used to respond to your message and process request.



 &nbsp.
Contact messages is kept for a period of 2 years and then archived (otherwise deleted if the support does not allow it).



 &nbsp.
WizeBot will not obtain personally-identifying information about you when contact us, unless you choose to provide such information to us, nor will such information be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection.



  F - How we use the personal data WizeBot uses the collected personal data for various purposes: 


To provide you with services,
For you bill our services,
To provide customer support,
To detect, prevent and address technical / security issues.




  G - Where and how data is protected All data is stored and located on dedicated servers in France (hosted by OVHCloud (OVH)). Mainly, our Websites are located in France (hosted by OVHCloud (OVH).
Some of our systems are located in the United States (Hosted by Amazon Web Services (Amazon)) for the proper functioning of our services.

 Physical and technological protection measures designed to preserve the security of all information are employed on our systems, the development is also done with rigor to protect your data and avoid any attacks. In addition, our systems are equipped with network protection systems and other protections in order to guarantee a high availability of our services. The vast majority of our Websites are also protected by a secure connection so that information is transferred securely.

 We use the CloudFlare service to manage our DNS (Domain Name System), our CDN's (content delivery network) and as additional security.



  H - Control of your information All information stored following the use of our Services / Websites / Contacts (A.
B.
C.
E.) will be deleted upon your request (L.) if you wish to not use our services more.



 &nbsp.
Information may be requested to confirm your identity for this type of request, this information is kept only for the time necessary to verify identity.



  I - Personal data protection rights If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain personal data protection rights. If you wish to be informed what personal data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us (L.).

 In certain circumstances, you have the following personal data protection rights:

The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you,
The right of rectification,
The right to object,
The right of restriction,
The right to data portability,
The right to withdraw consent.



 &nbsp.
Information may be requested to confirm your identity for this type of request, this information is kept only for the time necessary to verify identity.



  J - Childrenâ€™s Personal data We do not knowingly collect any personal data from children under the age of 16.
If you are under the age of 16, please do not submit any personal data through our Websites or Services.
We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their childrenâ€™s Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide personal data through the Websites or Services without their permission.
If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 16 has provided personal data to us through the Websites or Services, please contact us (L.), and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete that data.



  K - Third party links Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our Websites / Services.
These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies.
We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked Websites.
Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these Websites.



  L - Delegated Personal data protection contact Questions about our privacy policy and requests can be asked by this adresss email: contact-privacy@wizebot.tv or via mail: (WizeBot) Planchez Mathieu - 22 rue jules verne - 44470, Carquefou - France.



  M - Cookies policy 

  I - What Are Cookies As is common practice with almost all professional Websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience.
This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies.
We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the sites functionality.
 For more general information on cookies, please read "What Are Cookies".


  II - Type of cookies We Use  Cookies can be "Persistent" or "Session" Cookies.
Persistent Cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when You go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as You close your web browser.

 We use persistent Cookies for the purposes set out below:


&nbsp.
1.
Necessary / Essential Cookies (WizeBot): These Cookies are essential to provide You with services available through our Websites and to enable You to use some of its features.
They help to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts.
Without these Cookies, the services that You have asked for cannot be provided, and We only use these Cookies to provide You with those services.

 Name of the cookie: wizebot_network Cookie lifetime: 12 Hours 

&nbsp.
2.
Necessary / Essential Cookies (CloudFlare): Cloudflare cookies are necessary to guarantee the availability and security of our Websites / Services.
You can find more details about these cookies on this page.

 Name of the cookie: __cfduid Cookie lifetime: 1 Month 

&nbsp.
3.
Necessary / Essential Cookies (CookieScript Consent): CookieScript cookies allows you to save your choice of consent for cookies.

 Name of the cookie: CookieScriptConsent Cookie lifetime: 1 Month 

  III - Third-party cookies  Some of our pages display content from external providers, e.g.
Twitch and Twitter. To view this third-party content, you first have to accept their specific terms and conditions.
This includes their cookie policies, which we have no control over.

 But if you do not view this content, no third-party cookies are installed on your device.

 Third-party providers:

Twitch Privacy Policy
Twitter Privacy Policy

 These third-party services are outside of our control.
Providers may, at any time, change their terms of service, purpose and use of cookies, etc.


  IV - Your Choices Regarding Cookies  - If You prefer to avoid the use of Cookies on our Websites, first You must disable the use of Cookies in your browser and then delete the Cookies saved in your browser associated with our Websites.
You may use this option for preventing the use of Cookies at any time.

 - If You do not accept Our Cookies, being necessary and essential you will not be able to use our Websites / Services.

 - If You'd like to delete Cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse Cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser:

 For the Chrome web browser, please visit this page from Google: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32050 
 For the Internet Explorer web browser, please visit this page from Microsoft: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835 
 For the Firefox web browser, please visit this page from Mozilla: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-stored 
 For the Safari web browser, please visit this page from Apple: https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/mac 
 For any other web browser, please visit your web browser's official web pages.



  N - Changes to our Privacy Policy This Policy may be updated from time to time to reflect changing legal, regulatory or operational requirements.
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
 If there are any material changes to this Policy, you will be notified by our posting of a prominent notice on our Websites prior to the change becoming effective.
 If you do not accept any changes made to this Policy, please discontinue use of our Websites and Services.

 ADDITIONAL MENTIONS 
  Twitch Interactive, Inc.
Twitch is a trademark or registered trademark of Twitch Interactive, Inc.
in the U.S.
and/or other countries. WizeBot is not operated by, sponsored by, or affiliated with Twitch Interactive, Inc.
in any way.
 By using WizeBot for Twitch (and related Twitch services), users are agreeing to be bound by the Twitch Terms of Service and Twitch Privacy Policy.


  YouTube, Inc.
YouTube is a trademark or registered trademark of Google in the U.S.
and/or other countries. WizeBot is not operated by, sponsored by, or affiliated with YouTube in any way.
 By using YouTube related features, users are agreeing to be bound by the YouTube Terms of Service and Google Privacy Policy.


  Twitter, Inc.
Twitter is a trademark or registered trademark in the U.S.
and/or other countries. WizeBot is not operated by, sponsored by, or affiliated with Twitter in any way.
 By using Twitter related features, users are agreeing to be bound by the Twitter Terms of Service and Twitter Privacy Policy.


  Discord, Inc.
Discord is a trademark or registered trademark in the U.S.
and/or other countries. WizeBot is not operated by, sponsored by, or affiliated with Discord in any way.
 By using Discord related features, users are agreeing to be bound by the Discord Terms of Service and Discord Privacy Policy.


  LastFM, Inc.
LastFM is a trademark or registered trademark of CBS Corporation in the U.S.
and/or other countries. WizeBot is not operated by, sponsored by, or affiliated with LastFM in any way.
 By using LastFM related features, users are agreeing to be bound by the LastFM Terms of Service and LastFM Privacy Policy.


  Steam, Inc.
Steam is a trademark or registered trademark of Valve Corporation in the U.S.
and/or other countries. WizeBot is not operated by, sponsored by, or affiliated with Steam in any way.
 By using Steam related features, users are agreeing to be bound by the Steam Terms of Service and Steam Privacy Policy.


  PayPal, Inc.
PayPal is a trademark or registered trademark in the U.S.
and/or other countries. WizeBot is not operated by, sponsored by, or affiliated with PayPal in any way.
 By using this payment platform for any payment on our service you agreeing to be bound by PayPal Terms of Service and PayPal Privacy Policy.


  Stripe, Inc.
Stripe is a trademark or registered trademark in the U.S.
and/or other countries. WizeBot is not operated by, sponsored by, or affiliated with Stripe in any way.
 By using this payment platform for any payment on our service you agreeing to be bound by Stripe Terms of Service and Stripe Privacy Policy.

