

 Filmstock 
 Effects 
 Videos 
 Audio 
 Images 
 Free 
 Product 




Filmora
A video editor for all creators.




FilmoraPro
Professional video editing made easy.




VidAir
Create videos online in an instant.





Cart 
Your cart is currently empty.
Your cart is currently empty. Login 


 Manage account Favorites Subscription Download Logout Pricing 
Filmstock Privacy Policy
End User License Agreement
What is your policy on refund?
 Filmstock Privacy Policy 
1.
Data controller and representative

Through our Websites (the “Websites”) and desktop applications and mobile applications (the “Applications” or “Products”), Wondershare and its affiliated entities (collectively, "Wondershare", "us," or "we") implement the processing of personal data listed below.
Wondershare is committed to protecting your privacy.
We understand that the security of your personal information is important.
We provide reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security controls to protect your personal information.
The data controller is Wondershare Technology Group Co., LTD and its affiliated companies（including but not limited to Wondershare Technology Co., LTD, Wondershare Global Limited）, West of Donghuan Road, North of 1-4 Road, South of 1-3 Road, Room No.2, Floor 6, Building No.8 of East of Liuwu Building, Lhasa, China.
Privacy-related questions can be directed to privacy@wondershare.com.
Wondershare has appointed an EU representative in accordance with the Regulation No.
2016/679 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data (the “GDPR”).
You can contact the designated EU representative of Wondershare by reaching gdpr.m@wondershare.de.
Please read carefully the following privacy policy which provides you, as the User of the Websites and/or Applications (the “User” or “You”), with the relevant information regarding the various processing of personal data implemented by Wondershare.

2.
Data processing implemented by Wondershare


2.1 Processing of personal data related to your visit to our website and the purchase and use of our products 

When the User visits to our Websites, or purchases a Wondershare product through the Websites or the Application, or use our products, Wondershare implements a processing of personal data as follows:
2.1.1 Data we collect if you visit our Websites
- information about how you visit our Websites (including the webpage that led you to a Wondershare Websites, the search terms entered into a search engine which led you to a Wondershare Websites);
- Your operations and clicks to our Websites;
- Date and time of the visit and the duration of use of the Websites.
2.1.2 Data we collect only if you submit it to us
- Name;
- Gender;
- Age;
- Image;
- Email address;
- Address;
- Country;
- Postal code;
- Phone number;
- Company name and industry you work for;
- Payment information such as Credit card information/debit card information or other payment/billing information;
- Your account data;
- Content of customer support communications.
2.1.3 Data we collect if you use our Products
We have different kinds of products and different products may collect different data.
Generally, we may collect below data if you use our products.
- your product serial number;
- We collect information about the products which you use and how you use them, including but not limited to Launch data, Feature usage, Page clicks, Sign-in information;
- Your local device information, including but not limited to your device information, device hardware, operating system, other software on your system, Username, your Wondershare ID, location, IP address, operating log information, the size and format of the files you are working with;
- Crash data and the information of the files you are working with.
If the User meets with a crash problem, we will enquire if the User agrees to send the original document to Wondershare.
Only if the User agrees to send Wondershare the original document, Wondershare can have access to the original document;
- For our Famisafe product, we usually collect information on the device which has installed Famisafe.
The information may include device model, system version and language, User’s submitted information, installed applications, browser record, keyword (for early warning purpose), driving information, etc.
- Wondershare InClowdz uses OAuth authentication to configure cloud storage services for the application on your behalf, which may include viewing and managing your Google cloud service storage files such as photo albums, media libraries, shared albums, etc.
InClowdz does not store any of your files.
InClowdz only transfers and processes information based on valid user requests to access or transfer files.
InClowdz complies with a complete list of security standards defined by Google.
You can find more information about Google security on the Google Cloud Platform website.
2.1.4 Purpose and legal basis of the processing
Wondershare uses the information we collect about you for the following purposes:
For Wondershare to provide the User with the ordered product(s);
For the performance of a contract to which the User is party, in accordance with Article 6.1.b of the GDPR and the collected data are necessary for Wondershare to identify and bill the User and to charge its bank card number;
For providing customer service or support;
For verifying your identity and anti-piracy purposes;
For Internal statistical and analytical purposes.
Analyze your use of our Websites and products to better understand how they are being used so we can improve our services and the User experience and engage and retain Users;
For the charge back management purpose;
In order to show you ads for Wondershare products and services that we think may interest you.
2.1.5 Recipients of the personal data
We treat your personal data with care and confidentially and will only pass it on to third parties to the extent described below and not beyond.
We do not share, sell, rent, or trade personal data with third parties for their promotional purposes.
- Affiliated Companies: Wondershare is a global company, with subsidiaries worldwide, including in China, Canada, Japan, Hongkong.
We share data with our subsidiaries in the ordinary course of our business.
- Service Providers: We may share your personal information with companies that help us to run our business by processing personal information on behalf of us for the purposes identified above.
Such companies include payment processing companies which can help us process transactions, the parties providing our third-party cookies and tracking tools which may send tracking data or analysis report and to Wondershare，email delivery service providers which can help us deliver promotion emails to you, server companies we hire to provide service to you, charge back management service providers, fraud monitoring and prevention providers, social medias, third party online forums, and other marketing platforms and service providers.
In addition, Wondershare may disclose the User’s personal data:
- Public Authorities: if Wondershare is under a duty to disclose or share such personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to protect the rights, property or safety of its business, its customers or others.
and
- Business Transactions: to successors in title or replacement operators of all or part of Wondershare’s respective businesses.
2.1.6 Transfer of personal data
The collected personal data may be transferred by Wondershare to recipients which are located outside the EU and such destinations may not have laws which protect the User’s personal data to the same extent as in the EU.
Wondershare ensures that the User’s personal data processed by Wondershare or by its suppliers and partners operating outside the EU are treated securely and are protected against unauthorized access, loss or destruction, unlawful processing and any processing which is inconsistent with the purposes set out in this privacy policy.
Please find below the relevant information on transfer:
- Wondershare may transfer your payment information to payment processing companies outside the EU to process transactions;
- Wondershare may use third party cookies and tracking tools (such as AdWords, Bing, bugsplat, Criteo, disqus, fabric, Facebook, FireBase, Flurry, Google Analytics, Hotjar, LinkedIn, Pardot, Quora) to track the information on how Users use the Websites and products, such Websites usage data and product usage data may be sent to and stored in third party servers located outside the EU.
Such third-party cookies and tracking tools may send the tracking data or analysis report to Wondershare for our above-mentioned purpose.
Most of the third-party cookies and tracking tools process your personal data anonymously;
- Wondershare may transfer your email address and other necessary information such as your name to email delivery service providers outside the EU to deliver promotion emails to you;
- Wondershare may store the personal data on the servers leased from server service providers;
- Wondershare may transfer your relevant personal information to marketing platforms and service providers outside the EU to complete relevant service;
- Wondershare may transfer your relevant personal information to fraud monitoring and prevention providers outside the EU to complete relevant service.
2.1.7 Duration of the storage
Wondershare will store the collected personal data for the duration necessary for the fulfilment of our contractual or legal obligations and 60 days after the termination of the contract.
Beyond this duration, in order for Wondershare to be able to demonstrate the existence of a right or a contract or a legal obligation, the relevant personal data will be stored through intermediary archives for a duration that will not exceed what is strictly necessary regarding the purpose of the storage and in accordance with the applicable legislation.
Regarding banking information, said information will be deleted once the payment has been processed and has become effective.
Withdrawal time period could additionally apply.
The number and the expiration date of the credit card number (not the CVV security code) could be stored through intermediary archives for evidence purposes in case of a claim regarding the payment, for the duration provided by applicable legislation.

2.2 Processing of personal data related to comments areas

When the User decides to comment a Wondershare product through the Websites or the Applications, Wondershare implements a processing of personal data as follows:
2.2.1 Personal data we collect only if you submit it to us
Regarding this processing, Wondershare collects the following personal data:
- Email address;
- Name or nickname;
- profile photo;
- Other potential personal information provided by the User through its comment (age, location, etc.);
- The content of your comment.
2.2.2 Purpose and legal basis of the processing
This processing is implemented by Wondershare in order to improve its products and provide the consumers and potential consumers with a better and transparent information about the Wondershare products.
Said comments and the related personal data are provided by the User on a voluntary basis so that the processing of the collected personal data relies on the User’s consent.
Wondershare may use the comments (with your relevant information) you post for marketing purpose in order for others to better understand and use our products.
2.2.3 Recipients of the personal data
We treat your personal data with care and confidentially and will only pass it on to third parties to the extent described below and not beyond.
We do not share, sell, rent, or trade personal data with third parties for any promotional purposes.
- Affiliated Companies: Wondershare is a global company, with subsidiaries worldwide, including in China, Canada, Japan, Hongkong.
We share data with our subsidiaries in the ordinary course of our business.
- Service Providers: We may share your personal information with companies that help us to run our business by processing personal information on behalf of us for the purposes identified above.
Such companies include email delivery service providers which can help us deliver promotion emails to you, server companies we hire to provide service to you, social medias, third party online forums, and other marketing platforms and service providers.
2.2.4 Transfer of personal data
The collected personal data are transferred by Wondershare to recipients which are located outside the EU and such destinations may not have laws which protect the User’s personal data to the same extent as in the EU.
Wondershare ensures that the User’s personal data processed by Wondershare or by its suppliers and partners operating outside the EU are treated securely and are protected against unauthorized access, loss or destruction, unlawful processing and any processing which is inconsistent with the purposes set out in this privacy policy.
Please find below the relevant information on transfer:
- Wondershare may transfer your email address and other necessary information such as your name to third party email delivery service providers outside the EU to deliver promotion emails to you;
- Wondershare may store your comments on the servers leased from server service providers;
- Wondershare may also transfer the personal data related to your comments to social medias, third party online forums, other marketing platforms and service providers outside the EU to complete relevant service.
2.2.5 Duration of the storage
Wondershare will store the collected personal data for not more than 5 years after the collection.

2.3 Processing of personal data related to newsletters and advertising emails

The User may want to subscribe to Wondershare’s newsletters in order to be provided with information and news regarding Wondershare news and products.
In this case, Wondershare implements a processing of personal data as follows:
2.3.1 Personal data collected
Regarding this processing, Wondershare only collects your provided information such as the User’s email address, name or nickname, country, preferred product, and your operation to the promotion emails.
2.3.2 Purpose and legal basis of the processing
Wondershare implements the processing of personal data in order to provide consumers and potential consumers with information and news regarding Wondershare products.
The subscription to Wondershare’s newsletters and the related provision of personal data is made on a voluntary basis so that the processing of the collected personal data relies on the User’s consent.
2.3.3 Recipients of the personal data
We treat your personal data with care and confidentially and will only pass it on to third parties to the extent described below and not beyond.
We do not share, sell, rent, or trade personal data with third parties for any promotional purposes.
- Affiliated Companies: Wondershare is a global company, with subsidiaries worldwide, including in China, Canada, Japan, Hongkong.
We share data with our subsidiaries in the ordinary course of our business.
- Service Providers: We may share your personal information with companies that help us to run our business by processing personal information on behalf of us for the purposes identified above.
Such companies include email delivery service providers which can help us deliver promotion emails to you, server companies we hire to provide service to you, the parties providing our third-party cookies and tracking tools.
2.3.4 Transfer of personal data
The collected personal data are transferred by Wondershare to recipients which are located outside the European Union and such destinations may not have laws which protect the User’s personal data to the same extent as in the European Union.
Wondershare ensures that the User’s personal data processed by Wondershare or by its suppliers and partners operating outside the European Union are treated securely and are protected against unauthorized access, loss or destruction, unlawful processing and any processing which is inconsistent with the purposes set out in this privacy policy.
Please find below the relevant information on transfer:
- Wondershare may transfer your email address and other necessary information such as your name to email delivery service providers outside the EU to deliver newsletters and promotion emails to you;
- Wondershare may store the personal data on the servers leased from server service providers;
- Wondershare may use third party cookies and track tools (such as Google Analytics) to track the information on the User’s operation to the advertising emails, such data will be sent to and stored in third party servers outside the EU.
2.3.5 Duration of the storage
Wondershare will store the collected personal data for 3 years from their collection or from the last contact from the User (whichever is later).
At the end of this 3 years time period, Wondershare may contact the User in order to know if the User wishes to keep receiving commercial information from Wondershare.
In case Wondershare would not receive any positive and explicit answer from the User, the personal data would be deleted or archived in accordance with the applicable legislation.

2.4 Cookies and tracking tools

Wondershare implements a number of industry standard information-tracking tools to collect information about your use with our Websites and Applications.
When the User consults the Websites and/or the Applications, Wondershare implements cookies on the User’s device.
The third-party tracking tools are listed as blow, but it doesn’t necessarily mean each of our Websites or Products use all the tracking tools listed below.
No.
Name of third-party tracking tools
Data collected by tracking tools
Purpose of data collection
Used on Website or product 1 Adwords, Bing, Criteo, Facebook, LinkedIn, Quora Website usage data targeting and advertising purpose Website 2 fabric,FireBase,Flurry local device data product usage data data submitted by the User better understand how the products work and crash and make improvements.
product 3 Google Analytics Website usage data product usage data local device data better understand how the Website and product work, and make improvements Website product 4 bugsplat crash data better understand how the product crash, and make improvements product 5 disqus User’s comments to Product and Website better display and manage User’s comments Website 6 Hotjar Website usage data better understand how the Websites work and make improvements Website 7 Pardot Inquiry information and other data submitted by the User.
In order for Wondershare to contact Users to follow up the inquiry.
Website For additional information on cookies and tracking tools, please read Wondershare’s cookies policy

2.5 Third Party Services

Some of our products such as Wondershare DemoCreator use Youtube API Services, which enable end users to directly upload videos to YouTube from the API client.

3.
User’s rights

To the extent required by the law of your jurisdiction, you may have below rights.
Before you exercise below rights, you may consult your legal counsel if the laws of your jurisdiction stipulate below rights.
Residents in the EU have below rights according to GDPR.
Rights
Content The right to be informed The User has the right to be provided with clear, transparent and easily understandable information about how Wondershare collects and uses personal data and its rights.
This is the reason why Wondershare is providing the User with the information in this privacy policy.
The right of access The User has the right to obtain access to its personal data (if Wondershare is processing it), and other certain information (similar to that provided in this privacy policy).
The right to rectification The User is entitled to have its personal data corrected if it’s inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to erasure This ‘the right to be forgotten’ enables the User to request the deletion or removal of its personal data where there’s no compelling reason for Wondershare to keep using it.
This is not a general right to erasure.
there are exceptions.
The right to restrict processing Under certain circumstances, the User has the rights to ‘block’ or suppress further use of its personal data.
The right to data portability The User has the rights to receive its personal data provided to Wondershare in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and has the right to transmit those data to another controller.
The right to object to processing The User has the right to object, on grounds relating to its particular situation, at any time, to the processing of its personal data.
The right to lodge a complaint The User has the right to lodge a complaint about the way Wondershare handles or processes its personal data with its national supervisory authority (in France, the CNIL).
The right to withdraw consent If the user has given its consent for a specific processing of its personal data implemented by Wondershare, the User has the right to withdraw its consent at any time.
In case the User does so, it does not mean that anything Wondershare has done with the User’s personal data with its consent up to that point is unlawful).
The right to define instructions The User has the right to define general or specific instructions regarding storage, deletion and use of its personal data after death.
However, to register with Wondershare, to create an Wondershare account, and to use some Wondershare Websites, products or services, the provision of some information such as the email address is mandatory: if relevant information is not provided, then we will not be able to administer an Wondershare account to you, or provide you with the Websites, products or services requested.
All other provision of your information is optional.
Providing optional information will help us offer you a better experience, such as more personalized or tailored content or offerings.

4.
Revision of this Privacy Policy

Occasionally, we may change this privacy policy (or other documents related to privacy policy) to allow Wondershare to use or share your personal data in a different way.
If we do, the links to the policy on our Websites (which are generally found in the footer of the Websites) will indicate that the policy has been changed.
For new Users, the change will become effective upon posting.
For existing Users, if the change is significant, it will become effective 30 days after posting.
We encourage you to periodically review the privacy policy for the latest information on our privacy practices.

5.
Contacting Wondershare

If the User needs to contact Wondershare for any reason (including to exercise any of its rights in relation to data protection as set out above) please contact privacy@wondershare.com.
Wondershare will act on the User’s requests and provide information free of charge, except where the requests are manifestly unfounded or excessive (in particular because of their repetitive nature) in which case Wondershare may charge a reasonable fee (taking into account the administrative costs of providing the information or communication, or taking the action requested), or refuse to act on the request.

6.
YoutTube Privacy Policy

6.1 Privacy when uploading to Youtube
When using the Youtube upload feature, Google’s privacy policy applies to media uploaded to Youtube.
You can view the Google privacy policy here: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
6.2 Revoking FilmoraGo’s access to Youtube Data
You may revoke FilmoraGo’s access to Youtube at any time via the Google security settings page at https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions.
Bring simple to life Change Region 
Navigation
 Free 
 Effects 
 Videos 
 Audio 
 Images 


Help &amp.
Support
 FAQ 
 Plans 
 License Agreement 
 Legal &amp.
Privacy 
 Contact Us 
 Refund Policy 


Products
 Filmora 
 FilmoraPro 
 FilmoraGo 
 vlogit 
 Online Meme Maker 
 Online Video Trimmer 
 Follow us 






 Newsletter 

