

 Filmstock 
 Effects 
 Videos 
 Audio 
 Images 
 Free 
 Product 




Filmora
A video editor for all creators.




FilmoraPro
Professional video editing made easy.




VidAir
Create videos online in an instant.





Cart 
Your cart is currently empty.
Your cart is currently empty. Login 


 Manage account Favorites Subscription Download Logout Pricing 
Filmstock Privacy Policy
End User License Agreement
What is your policy on refund?
 What is your policy on refund? For any reasonable order dispute, Filmstock welcomes customers to "RETURNS &amp.
EXCHANGES" center to submit an application.

Filmstock values every customer and works hard to provide customers with an enjoyable experience using Filmstock products and services.
Most Filmstock software offers a free trial version, so customers can 'test-drive' before deciding to purchase.
These trial versions have no functional limitation, only a watermark appearing on the finished media or a use limit.
All these help customers make an informed purchase decision and avoid buying the wrong product for their needs.

Circumstances of No Refund


Filmstock generally does not refund or exchange products in the following situations:

Non-technical Circumstances


1) Failure to read the product description before purchasing and thus resulting in dissatisfaction with the product's functioned and/or results.
It is highly recommended that every customer read the product description and try the free trial version before making their final purchase decision.

Filmstock does not refund software if products fail to meet customer's needs due to a lack of understanding by the customer, of the products functions and capabilities.
However, Filmstock can exchange the purchased product for the correct product outright, providing the price difference between products does not exceed USD $20, within the guarantee period.
If the purchased product is exchanged for a correct product of lower price, Filmstock will not refund the price difference.

2) A customer refund request on complaint of credit card fraud/other unauthorized payment.
Filmstock recommends the customer contacts the card issuer if there is any suspicion of fraud or unauthorized payment.
As Filmstock cooperates with an independent payment platform, it's impossible to monitor authorization during payment.
Once an order is processed and fulfilled, it can't be cancelled.
However, Filmstock will exchange the purchased product for one the customer would like.

3) Purchase of a wrong product, which has already been followed by the purchase the correct product from another company.

4) Filmstock Product price differences between different regions or price differences between Filmstock and other companies.

5) A refund request for part of a bundle.
Filmstock cooperates with a third party payment platform which does not support any partial refund within an order.
whereas, Filmstock may refund the whole bundle after the customer has purchased the correct product separately within the purchased bundle's guarantee period.

6) A customer has a 'change of mind' after purchase.

Technical Circumstances


1) A refund request due to technical trouble, with the customer refusing to cooperate with the Filmstock support team in attempts at troubleshooting by declining to provide detailed descriptions and information regarding the problem, or refusing to try to apply the solutions provided by the Filmstock support team.

2) A refund request for technical problems after the software has been updated, if the order exceeds the subscription period.

Accepted Circumstances


Filmstock offers refunds for the following circumstances within the guidelines of its Money Back Guarantee.

Non-technical Circumstances


1) Purchase of Extended Download Service (EDS), Registration Backup Service (RBS) or Download Insurance Service outside of product purchase, without knowing that they can be removed.
In this case, we will help you contact payment platform to refund the cost of them.

2) A swap of a program would require you to purchase the proper one that you did not in the first place, and then the original program would be refunded back to you.

3) Purchase of the same product twice or purchase of two products with similar functions.
In this case, Filmstock will refund one of the products for you, or swap one program for another Filmstock product.

4) The customer does not receive the subscription authorization within 24 hours of purchase, has failed to retrieve the subscription authorization from the Filmstock Support Center, and has not received a timely response (within 24 hours) from the Filmstock Support Team after making contact.
In this case, Filmstock will refund the customer's order if they have no need of the product in future.

5) If following a technical fault the user purchased a different software product from another company to finish their task.
Under these circumstances, we can arrange to exchange the product or provide a full refund.

Technical Problems


Software purchased has terminal technical problems, and no solution has been provided within 30 days.
In this case, Filmstock will refund the purchase price if the customer doesn't want to wait for a future upgrade.

Once a refund is issued, the corresponding license will be deactivated.
Filmstock will issue refunds either to the credit card, bank or PayPal account used in the purchase.
Depending on the user's bank situation, refunds may take 48 to 72 hours to be credited.

Bank transfer refunds may only be made to accounts held at institutions from Spain or Mexico.
We will not issue international transfers, since this payment method is only available in these two countries.
If the customer wishes, and accepts the transfer fees, an account from a different country may be selected.
however, we will only be able to transfer the funds to an account in Spain or Mexico.
We recommend selecting a different payment method for international transactions: credit card, PayPal, DineroMail etc.
 

You can request a refund by clicking here

Bring simple to life Change Region 
Navigation
 Free 
 Effects 
 Videos 
 Audio 
 Images 


Help &amp.
Support
 FAQ 
 Plans 
 License Agreement 
 Legal &amp.
Privacy 
 Contact Us 
 Refund Policy 


Products
 Filmora 
 FilmoraPro 
 FilmoraGo 
 vlogit 
 Online Meme Maker 
 Online Video Trimmer 
 Follow us 






 Newsletter 

