
         Are you visiting wondershare.com from outside the US?  Visit your regional site for more relevant pricing, promotions and events.
Regional site United States Regional site Continue 
 Creativity Creativity Products Filmora Intuitive video editing.
UniConverter High-speed media conversion.
DemoCreator Tutorial screen recording.
PixStudio Online graphic design.
Filmstock Video effects, music, and more.
View all products Explore 
 Overview 
 Video 
 Photo 


 Productivity Productivity Products PDFelement PDF creation and editing.
Document Cloud Cloud-based document management.
EdrawMax Simple diagramming.
Mockitt Fast prototype creation.
EdrawMind Collaborative mind mapping.
View all products Explore 
 Overview 
 Document 
 Diagram &amp.
Design 


 Utility Utility Products Recoverit Lost file recovery.
Dr.Fone Mobile device management.
FamiSafe Parental control and monitoring.
MobileTrans Mobile data transfer.
Repairit Corrupt video restoration.
View all products Explore 
 Overview 
 Repair It 
 WA Transfer 
 Phone Rescue 
 No Cyberbullying 


 Business 
 Support 
 Shop 
 Sign in 
 Account Center Sign out 


 Terms &amp.
Conditions  WONDERSHARE TECHNOLOGY GROUP CO., LIMITED makes the information and products available to you on this website, subject to the following terms and conditions.
By accessing this website, you agree to these terms and conditions.
Wondershare reserves the right to seek all remedies in law and equity for any violation of these terms and conditions.

 Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.

 There are inherent dangers in the use of any Software available for downloading on the Internet, and Wondershare Software hereby admonishes you to make sure that you completely understand all of the risks before downloading any of the Software (including without limitation, the potential infection of your system by computer viruses and loss of data).
You are solely responsible for adequate protection and backup of the data and equipment used in connection with any of the Software.


IMAGES: All logos, splash screens, page headers, images and graphics displayed on this Site are service marks, trademarks, and/or trade dress (collectively, "Marks") of Wondershare or its third-party licensors..
Except as expressly permitted herein, using, copying, transmitting, displaying, modifying or distributing any Marks in any form or by any means without the express written permission of Wondershare is prohibited and may violate the copyright, trademark, privacy or other local laws.


INDEMNITY: You agree to defend, indemnify and hold wondershare, its affiliates and their officers, directors, agents, and employees harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities, costs, and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your user content, use of the Site, or violation of any of these Terms.


FEEDBACK: Any comments or materials sent to Wondershare Software, including without limitation feedback, such as questions, comments, suggestions or any related information regarding the Software, this website or any other products, programs or services of Wondershare Software ("Feedback"), shall be deemed to be non-confidential.
Wondershare Software shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such Feedback and shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, exhibit, display, transform, create derivative works and distribute the Feedback to others without limitation and shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such Feedback for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products incorporating such Feedback.


REPRODUCTIONS: Any authorized reproductions of any of the information contained herein must include copyright notices, trademarks or other proprietary legends of Wondershare Software, on any copy of the materials made by you.
The local laws govern the license for the Software and use of this website.


COPYRIGHT: Copyright in this website (including without limitation, text, graphics, logos, sounds and software) is owned and licensed by WONDERSHARE TECHNOLOGY GROUP CO., LIMITED All materials contained on this site are protected by local and international copyright law and may not be copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published adapted, or dealt with in any form or by any means or in any media without the prior written permission of WONDERSHARE TECHNOLOGY GROUP CO., LIMITED You may not alter or remove any copyright or other notice from copies of the content.


TRADEMARK:
Wondershare is a trademark of WONDERSHARE TECHNOLOGY GROUP CO., LIMITED and legally protected by law.
It may only be used with the prior written permission of WONDERSHARE TECHNOLOGY GROUP CO., LIMITED in each specific instance.
The use of the Wondershare trademark for commercial purposes without the prior written permission of Wondershare will constitute trademark infringement and unfair competition in violation of the law.


For any questions, please enter our Customer Service Center for help.
Thank you.
The website is operated by WONDERSHARE GLOBAL LIMITED which is a subsidiary of WONDERSHARE TECHNOLOGY GROUP CO., LIMITED.
WONDERSHARE GLOBAL LIMITED
ROOM 1003,10/F., OFFICE TOWER TWO, GRAND PLAZA, 625 - 639 NATHAN ROAD,KOWLOON,HONG KONG
WONDERSHARE TECHNOLOGY GROUP CO., LIMITED.
West of Donghuan Road, North of 1-4 Road, South of 1-3 Road, Room No.2, Floor 6, Building No.8 of East of Liuwu Building, Lhasa, China.
Contact Us： 
(852)6917-3046


PAYOUT SERVICES
 Hero Products 
 Filmora 
 UniConverter 
 Recoverit 
 Dr.Fone 
 PDFelement 
 FamiSafe 
 All Products 
 Wondershare 
 About 
 Newsroom 
 Global Presence 
 Founder's Speech 
 Careers 
 Contact Us 
 Video community 
 Explore  Follow us 



 Group member 




 Terms and Conditions Privacy Cookies License Agreement Refund Policy Uninstall Copyright © 2021 Wondershare.
All rights reserved.
The order process, tax issue and invoicing to end user is conducted by Wondershare Technology Co., Ltd, which is the subsidiary of Wondershare group. Language English Deutsch Français Italiano Español Português 日本語 한국어 简体中文 

