

Report Problems
 Tell moderators about problematic posts, rule violations, or anything else you think needs moderator attention by clicking on the "Report" link in the bottom of each post.
Please, do not react to rule violations: just report them.
You may ask politely for context if it is needed for a suitable reply, and you may kindly and politely correct a fellow member's deviations from standard language in a post that otherwise addresses the thread topic.


Read the Rules
 Each forum applies these rules in a slightly different way.
Before posting in a forum, please read the guidelines for that forum -- they are listed in one of the first threads at the top of the page.



Membership is a privilege
 Use of these forums and your speech in these forums is not a right.
It is a privilege granted you by the WR administrator under the terms of this agreement and can be revoked at any time without warning.

These are Moderated Forums
 Moderators are forum members who supervise individual forums.
They may edit, delete, or modify any posts in their forums.
Please direct your questions about a particular forum to that forum’s moderator.
 Moderators are also forum members.
Unless they say otherwise, or it is clear from context, their posts are made as members.
Comments made by moderators may not necessarily reflect the opinions of WordReference.com.
 Discussion about the rules should take place in the Questions, Comments and Suggestions forum.
Discussions about moderator or administrator actions should be discussed via email or private messages ('Conversations') – not in the public forums. More information about the moderators is available in this Moderator FAQ.


Each member is responsible for his/her own posts.
 Messages posted at this site are the sole opinion and responsibility of the poster.
 You agree not to hold WordReference or its members liable for anything stated within the forums.
 When a message is placed in WordReference or its forums, you are granting an irrevocable license to the site to use it in perpetuity. Any translations, definitions and explanations that you provide can be used by WordReference.com to integrate into its dictionaries and other reference material.


Quoting and copying
 You are free to quote short passages or definitions from threads in the Forums outside the forums.
We appreciate a citation to WordReference, if appropriate, when you do so.
Extensive quoting, e.g.
from multiple posts, should be done only with the permission of the original poster, if locatable.
Any compilation and redistribution of information from the forums is forbidden unless cleared with the administrator.


Represent yourself honestly.
 You may register with one user name only.
 Do not pretend to be someone you are not: this includes gender, nationality and native language.
 You must provide your native language, including your country or the variety you speak (eg: "English - Ireland" or "Mexican Spanish") for languages with multiple regions.
Who you are and where you are from is very important to understanding any translations or other language information that you provide.


Don’t post personal information.
 Do not post personal data such as email addresses, phone numbers, etc.
Where appropriate, you can put some of this in your personal profile.
 Excerpts of email or private messages are not allowed.
 Anyone posting another member’s personal details or web site details without permission will be banned.


Disclaimer
 You agree that any personal information you have entered will be stored in a database.
The administrator and moderators cannot be held responsible for any hacking attempt that may lead to the data being compromised.
Do not transmit any sensitive personal information by private message ('Conversation').

