
        This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn moreGot it! 
Coronavirus
Population


W
Privacy Policy
 Privacy Policy Worldometers.info collects data to deliver the best content, services, and personalized digital ads.
We partner with third party advertisers who may use tracking technologies to collect information about your activity on sites and applications across devices, both on our sites and across the Internet.
You always have the choice to experience our website without personalized advertising based on your web browsing activity by visiting the DAA’s Consumer Choice page, the NAI's website, and/or the EU online choices page, from each of your browsers or devices.
To avoid personalized advertising based on your mobile app activity, you can install the DAA’s AppChoices app here.


Log Files
 Like most standard Web site servers we use log files.
This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
IP addresses, etc.
are not linked to personally identifiable information.

Google Analytics 
 We use Google Analytics, which is Google’s analytics tool that helps websites to understand how their visitors engage with their
web properties.
It may use a set of cookies to collect information and
report website usage statistics without personally identifying
individual visitors.
The main cookie used by Google Analytics
is the ‘_ga’ cookie.
In addition to reporting website usage statistics, Google Analytics can also be used, together with some of the advertising cookies described below, to help show more relevant ads on Google properties (like Google Search) and across the web and to measure interactions with the ads shown by Google.
Learn more about how Google uses data when you use this website and about Analytics cookies and privacy information.

Cookies and web beacons 
 Our site does not use cookies.
However, we use outside companies to display ads on our site and to collect statistics about web visitors.
These companies may be placing and reading cookies on your web browser, or using web beacons to collect information.
Remember that cookies do not allow anyone to access your private information on your computer.
They only record information about your visits to a web site.
Cookies may be used tfor personalization of ads but can be also used for non-personalized advertising.

Google/Doubleclick 
 We partner with Google Adsense and Google/Doubleclick to display the advertising that pays for this website.
For that to work effectively they will use cookies to store data and access data about your use of this website.
You can learn more about how Google use this data and how to opt out if you choose here
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on Worldometers.info.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Worldometers.info visitors based on their visit to Worldometers.info and other sites on the Internet.
You can opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.

Other third party advertisers
Advertisers who will have access to data we collect on this site currently include: GoogleAdX, Freestar, AppNexus, IndexExchange, OpenX RhythmOne, DistrictM, RubiconProject, Sovrn, Conversant, Amazon, Sharethrough, EMX, SublimeSkinz, JustPremium, LKQD, Telaria, AnswerMedia, Pubmatic, bluTonic, ROIMedia, Aerserv, Lockerdome, Consumable, Beachfront, Gumgum, Triplelift, Media.net, BounceX, Undertone, Powerlinks, Nativo, NativoVideo, advertising.com, 33Across, Teads, and Unruly.

Cookie management
It is important to know that if you disable cookies you may not be able to use certain features offered by some web sites.
You can disable cookies through your browser.
Most browsers have instructions on how to disable cookies in their "Help" sections.
The instructions for all browsers vary.
But the steps are generally similar for most.
Here are some places you can look to disable or enable cookies:

Internet Explorer: Look in the Tools menu, select Internet Options, and then click the Security tab.
Click Internet, and then click Custom Level.
Scroll down to Cookies, click disable (or enable) for both cookie options, and then click OK.

Mozilla Firefox: Open Tasks, choose Privacy &amp.
Security, and then Cookie Manager.
Choose View Stored Cookies from the submenu to open the Cookie Manager window.
Select one or more cookies and click either Remove Cookie or Remove All Cookies.

Netscape: Select Edit | Preferences from the main menu.
Select Advanced and under Cookies, select Disable cookies and click OK.

Safari: Choose Preferences from the Safari menu and click Security.
Select Never, Always, or Only from sites you navigate to, to set your preferences at the level you desire.
To see the cookies stored on your computer, click Show Cookies.
From here you have the option to remove one or two cookies or all cookies.



Worldometer newsletter
Worldometers.info maintains a strict "no-spam" policy.
Shall you decide to sign up to Worldometer'ss free periodic newsletter, we will only use your email address only to send you Worldometer'ss newsletter.
Your e-mail address will not be sold to a third party.
You have the option to unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time.


Approval
By clicking 'Got it!" below and using our website, you agree that we and our third party advertisers can:

transfer your personal data to the United States or other countries, and
process your personal data to serve you with personalized ads, subject to your choices as described above and in our privacy policy.
 about | faq | languages | contact












 © Copyright Worldometers.info - All rights reserved - Disclaimer &amp.
Privacy Policy 
      