

Community Guidelines

Use of this website signifies your acceptance of WriterDuet Inc.'s terms of service agreement, privacy policy, and the community guidelines below.
If you have questions about any of these agreements, you can contact us at help@writerduet.com.
All registered and unregistered WRITERDUET INC.
users agree to comply with the rules of conduct described on this page.
If you do not agree, you should not give us access to any of your personal information or original content and should not use our Website, products, or services (collectively, our "Service") .
If we alter any of these Guidelines, your use of WRITERDUET INC.’s services or Websites after we post those changes signifies your acceptance of these revisions.
WRITERDUET INC.
reserves the right to investigate or terminate your membership if you have misused the Service or have behaved in any way that we consider inappropriate, unlawful or illegal.
If we terminate your registered account because of such behavior, any fees that you've paid to WRITERDUET INC.
will be forfeited.

COMMUNITY GUIDELINES: YOUR BEHAVIOR ON WRITERDUET INC.

These Guidelines describe types of behavior that, even when otherwise legal, may result in loss of user privileges and forfeiture of any fees that you've paid us.

You will not post messages, screenplays, photographs, audio recordings, video clips, text ﬁles, or any other information or media, or use our Website or Service in any way that is fraudulent or otherwise unlawful.
or that otherwise violates or infringes upon the rights of any party.
This includes activities that involve copyright or trademark infringement, defamation, or violation of another party's right to privacy or publicity, or of other personal or property right.
You will not use our Website or Service to distribute or upload malware, including viruses, Trojan horses, phishing attempts, or adware, or to do anything else that might cause harm to WRITERDUET INC., to its Service, hardware, software, or data, or to any other party's computer systems or data.
You may not solicit or advertise to other WRITERDUET INC.
users.
You may not use any part of our Website or Service to distribute, promote, or otherwise publish advertising or solicit funds, goods, or services from any person or entity.
You will not use WRITERDUET INC.
to engage in any form of harassment or offensive behavior, such as posting scripts, messages, pictures, or recordings that contain libelous, slanderous, abusive, or defamatory statements or racist, pornographic, obscene, threatening, or offensive language.
You will not modify, adapt, sublicense, translate, sell, reverse-engineer, decipher, decompile, or otherwise disassemble any component of our Website, software, products, or any other part of our Service, or cause or help others to do so.
You will not impersonate any person or entity when using any WRITERDUET INC.'s Websites, products, or services.
You may post links to WRITERDUET INC.
web pages from third-party Websites, but will not otherwise frame, embed, link to, or mirror any part of the WRITERDUET INC.
Web sites without our prior express written consent.
You will not use metatags or any other software mechanisms or third-party services that refer to our Website or direct Internet users to or from our site for any purpose.
You will not use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application, search-optimization tools, adwords, or other manual or automatic device or process to retrieve, index, data mine, or otherwise reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of WRITERDUET INC.
or its contents.
You will not forge headers or otherwise manipulate identiﬁers in order to disguise the origin of any information transmitted to, from, or through WRITERDUET INC.
You will not remove any copyright, trademark, or other notices of legal or property rights posted on our Web site or embedded within the source code of our Website, Service, other software, or other product offerings.
You will not interfere with or disrupt the normal operation of our Website or Service or participate in unauthorized access to our servers or networks.
You will not state or imply, even through silence or omission, that any statements you make are endorsed by WRITERDUET INC.
without our speciﬁc prior written consent.
You may not post, distribute, or reproduce in any way any third-party copyrighted content, trademarks, or other proprietary information without obtaining the prior written consent of all legal owners of that content.
The WRITERDUET INC.
Website is for personal, individual use only.
Any illegal or commercial use of this site not mentioned elsewhere in these Guidelines will result in immediate termination of your registered account and forfeiture of all fees.



