
Use of this website signifies your acceptance of WriterDuet Inc.'s terms of service agreement, community guidelines, and the privacy policy below.
If you have questions about any of these agreements, you can contact us at help@writerduet.com.Privacy PolicyEffective date: November 13, 2020
WRITERDUET INC.
("us", "we", or "our") includes the writerduet.com, writersolo.com, cardinaldocs.com, readthrough.com, flexdocs.com and hartchart.com websites, the WriterDuet and WriterSolo mobile and desktop applications, and any other sites, applications, or software offered by WriterDuet Inc.
(together considered the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service.
By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.DefinitionsPersonal DataPersonal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).Usage DataUsage Data is data collected automatically.
It is either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, we may collect data on the duration of a page visit).CookiesCookies are small pieces of data stored on a User’s device.Data Controller A Data Controller is a person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.Data Processor (or Service Providers)A Data Processor (or Service Provider) is any person (other than an employee of the Data Controller) who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.Data SubjectA Data Subject is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.UserThe User is the individual using our Service.
The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.Information Collection And UseWe collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.Types of Data CollectedPersonal DataWhile using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data").
Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

Email address
First name and last name
Cookies and Usage Data
Records and copies of your correspondence, if you contact us
Details of transactions you carry out through our website or Services and of the fulfilment of your orders.
You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website or when ordering the Services.

We will not use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information unless you OPT-IN when you register to the service.
You may also opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link in any email we send, or by opting out in the Account setting.Usage DataWe may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service via mobile device ("Usage Data").
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g.
IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access the Service via mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.Tracking &amp.
Cookies DataWe use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier.
Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device.
Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:


Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.

Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.

Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of DataWRITERDUET INC.
uses the collected data for various purposes:

To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To contact you about billing, account management or other administrative matters
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information

We will never sell your Personal Data to any third party.Retention of DataWRITERDUET INC.
will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
When it is no longer necessary to retain your Personal Data, we will delete or anonymize it.
WRITERDUET INC.
will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes.
Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.Transfer Of DataYour information, including Personal Data, may be held at our offices and those of our third party agencies, service providers, representatives and agents as described below in “Service Providers”, and may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those in your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside of the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
WRITERDUET INC.
will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
No transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
For more information, see below “Transferring your Personal Information Out of the EEA” and “Your Rights Under the GDPR”.Transferring Your Personal Data Out of the EEA.To deliver services to you, it is sometimes necessary for us to share your personal information outside the European Economic Area (EEA), e.g.:

With our offices outside the EEA;
With your and our service providers located outside the EEA;
If you are based outside the EEA.
or
Where there is an international dimension to the services we are providing to you.

These transfers are subject to special rules under European and UK data protection law.
Non-EEA countries do not have the same data protection laws as the United Kingdom and EEA.
We will, however, ensure the transfer complies with data protection law and all personal information will be secure.
Our standard practice is to use standard data protection contract clauses that have been approved by the European Commission.
To obtain a copy of those clauses, visit the European Commission website at https://ec.europa.eu/ and search for "standard contractual clauses".
If you would like further information, please contact us (see “How To Contact Us” below).Your Rights Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).The GDPR gives people under its protection, including people in the EEA and the United Kingdom, certain rights with respect to their personal data collected by us.
Accordingly, WRITERDUET INC.
recognizes and will comply with GDPR and those rights, except as limited by applicable law.
The rights under GDPR include:


Right of Access. This includes your right to access the personal data we gather about you, and your right to obtain information about the sharing, storage, security, and processing of that data.

Right to Correction. This is your right to request correction of your personal data.

Right to Erasure. This is your right to request, subject to certain limitations under applicable law, that your personal data be erased from our possession (also known as the “Right to be forgotten”).
However, if applicable law requires us to comply with your request to delete your data, fulfillment of your request may prevent you from using the Service and may result in closing your account.

Right to Complain. You have the right to make a complaint regarding our handling of your personal data with the appropriate supervisory authority.

Right to Restrict Processing. This is your right to request restriction of how and why your personal data is used or processed.

Right to Object.This is your right, in certain situations, to object to how or why your personal data is processed.

Right to Portability. This is your right to receive the personal data we have about you and the right to transmit it to another party.

Right to not be subject to Automated Decision-Making. This is your right to object and prevent any decision that could have a legal, or similarly significant, effect on you from being made solely based on automated processes.
This right is limited, however, if the decision is necessary for performance of any contract between you and us, is allowed by applicable law, or is based on your explicit consent.

For further information on each of those rights, including the circumstances in which they apply, see the guidance from the UK Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) on individual rights under the General Data Protection Regulation.Disclosure Of DataGeneralWRITERDUET INC.
may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
WRITERDUET INC.
may disclose your Personal Data and other information that we collect, or you provide, as described in this Privacy Policy:

To our subsidiaries and affiliates;
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep Personal Data confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them;
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it;
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information;
With your consent
Business TransactionIf WRITERDUET INC.
is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred.
We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.Legal RequirementsWRITERDUET INC.
may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

Comply with a legal obligation
If necessary, for billing and collection purposes
Protect and defend the rights or property of WRITERDUET INC.
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
Protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
Protect against legal liability
Security Of Data We take appropriate precautions to protect our users’ personally identifying information.
Your account data and screenplay submissions are stored on a secure server behind a firewall and any data that we store in cookies is always encrypted.

 Because all security measures are subject to circumvention, we cannot unequivocally guarantee the effectiveness of our security measures or our ability to prevent unauthorized third parties from unlawfully obtaining information that you provide to us.
In particular, because email is an inherently insecure medium, you shouldn't send private communications or sensitive data, such as credit card numbers, to us by email.
If you have more detailed questions about our security, please contact us.
Your RightsWRITERDUET INC.
aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
You can update the following type of Personal Data directly within your account settings section (under Help &gt.
Account):

First name and Last name
Email address
If you are unable to change your Personal Data, please contact us to make the required changes.

If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
You also have the right:

To access and receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you
To rectify any Personal Data held about you that is inaccurate
To request the deletion of Personal Data held about you

You have the right to data portability for the information you provide to WRITERDUET INC.
You can request to obtain a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic format so that you can manage and move it.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.Service ProvidersWe may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.AnalyticsWe may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.



Google Analytics

Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service.
This data is shared with other Google services.
Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on.
The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy &amp.
Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/



Hubspot

For information on the privacy practices of HubSpot, please visit the HubSpot Privacy Policy web page: https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy



Mixpanel

For more information on the privacy practices of Mixpanel, please visit the Mixpanel Privacy Policy web page: https://mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy/



Appcues

For more information on the privacy practices of Appcues, please visit the Appcues Privacy Policy web page: https://www.appcues.com/privacy

AuthenticationWe may use third-party Service Providers for Authentication in our Service.
We may request access to your First Name, Last Name, and Email.
Their use will be strictly limited to the pratices described in the Personal Data subsection.
For more information on how we store this information, refer to the Security of Data section



Google OAuth Service

Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/



Facebook OAuth Service

Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.facebook.com/full_data_use_policy

Cloud StorageWe may use third-party Service Providers for Cloud Storage.
We use Cloud Storage APIs to give you the option to store your scripts on your personal cloud, as well as open scripts directly from the following cloud providers.
We will only open or store files on your personal cloud with your permission.
Once files are imported into WriterDuet, they become part of your WriterDuet account.
Files imported when using our offline-only WriterSolo application are not saved on our private cloud.
For Cloud Storage we work with:



Firebase

Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.firebase.com/terms/privacy-policy.html



Google Drive

Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=us



Dropbox

Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.dropbox.com/terms#privacy



iCloud

Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/

PaymentsWe may provide paid products and/or services within the Service.
In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g.
payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details.
That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy.
These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover.
PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The payment processors we work with are:



Stripe

Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://stripe.com/us/privacy



Paddle

Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://paddle.com/privacy



ProfitWell

Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.profitwell.com/privacy-policy

Text to SpeechWe may at your request share script content with text-to-voice service-provider Partners in order to create ReadThrough recordings
For Text to Speech we work with:



Microsoft

Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/TrustCenter/Privacy/default.aspx



Google

Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/



AWS

Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/

SpellcheckWe may at your request share scripts with spellcheck service-provider Partners in order to offer spelling suggestions
For Spellcheck we work with:



Microsoft

Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/TrustCenter/Privacy/default.aspx

Customer SupportFor better customer support, we rely on third party service to provide either in app or email assistance.
We may share your information with them to improve the quality of the Service
The customer support services we work with are:



HelpScout

Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.helpscout.com/company/legal/privacy/

EmailingWith your explicit consent, we will occasionally email you to inform you of updates on the Service.
We may share your information with third-party emailing services to improve the quality of the Service.
We may also send you notification e-mails when certain events occur on your documents.
The emailing services we work with are:



Mailgun

Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.mailgun.com/privacy-policy



Mixpanel

For more information on the privacy practices of Mixpanel, please visit the Mixpanel Privacy Policy web page: https://mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Mixpanel integrates with Twilio for their messaging tool.
For more information on the privacy practices of Twilio, please visit the Twilio Privacy Policy web page: https://www.twilio.com/legal/privacy/

Links To Other SitesOur Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us.
If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site.
We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.Children's PrivacyOur Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13.
If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us.
If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from a child without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.How to File a GDPR Complaint.We hope that we can resolve any query or concern you raise about our use of your data.
Please contact us at help@writerduet.com to inform us of any concerns.
The same email address may be used to contact WRITERDUET INC.’s Data Protection Officer.
We will seek to deal with your request without undue delay, and in any event in accordance with the requirements of the GDPR.
Please note that we may keep a record of your communcations to help us resolve any query or concerns which you raise.
The General Data Protection Regulation also gives you right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in the European Union (or European Economic Area) state where you work, normally live, or where any alleged infringement of data protection laws occurred.Changes To This Privacy PolicyWe may update our Privacy Policy from time to time.
We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and will update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.Contact UsIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:

By email: help@writerduet.com
By regular mail: 1224 E.
12th St.
#323, Austin, TX 78702

