
         Terms &amp.
Conditions 
LAST UPDATED FEBRUARY 26, 2020
 Conditions of Use By accessing this website you agree to be bound by these Terms &amp.
conditions (“terms”), please read them carefully.
If you do not agree to be bound by these terms you should not access or view this website.
1.
The information contained in this website is intended for general information purposes only.
Wunderman Thompson has made all reasonable efforts to ensure that the information on this website is accurate at the time of inclusion, however there may be inaccuracies and occasional errors for which Wunderman Thompson apologises.
2.
Wunderman Thompson makes no representations or warranties about the information provided through this website, including any hypertext links to any website or other items used either directly or indirectly from this website.
Wunderman Thompson accepts no liability for any inaccuracies or omissions in this website and any decisions based on information contained In Wunderman Thompson’s websites are the sole responsibility of the visitor.
3.
The information and images contained within this website are © Copyright Wunderman Thompson LLC.
We permit you to make copies of this website as necessary incidental acts during your viewing of it.
and you may take a print for your personal use of so much of the site as is reasonable for private purposes.

4.
You shall not use this website for any illegal purposes and in particular agree that you shall not send any material which is defamatory or obscene within the meaning of the Obscene Publications Act or which is abusive, indecent or in breach of the privacy of any person.
You agree not to send any unsolicited promotional or advertising material, spam or similar materials or any volume messages that may interfere with the operation of this website or with the enjoyment of this website by other visitors.
5.
Wunderman Thompson reserves the right at any time and without notice to enhance, modify, alter, suspend or permanently discontinue all or any part of this website and to restrict or prohibit access to it.
6.
You hereby agree to indemnify Wunderman Thompson against any costs, claims, losses and damages (including legal fees) incurred by or awarded against Wunderman Thompson as a result of your misuse of this website or your breach of these terms.
7.
If you are in breach of these terms or of Our Privacy Notice.
Wunderman Thompson may as its option, suspend or block your access to this website and refuse to provide you with any further access to it.
8.
This website is provided to you free of charge, and neither Wunderman Thompson nor any of its subsidiary or affiliated companies accept any liability to you (except in the case of personal injury or death caused by its negligence or for fraud or as required by law) whether in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, arising out of it in connection with this website.
Wunderman Thompson accepts no liability for any direct, special, indirect or consequential damages, or any other damages of whatsoever kind resulting from whatever cause through the use of any information obtained either directly or indirectly from this website.
Your sole remedy is to discontinue using this website.
9.
These terms may be amended by Wunderman Thompson from time to time.
10.
Your use of this website and downloads from it, and the operation of these terms &amp.
conditions, shall be governed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.
The English courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute arising out of your use of this website.
In the event that any or any part of the terms contained in these terms &amp.
conditions shall be determined by any competent authority to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable to any extent, such term shall to that extent be severed from the remaining terms which shall continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. Privacy Notice Wunderman Thompson respects the privacy of visitors and users of this website, and will only collect personal data, such as your name, email address, or online identifier (such as cookie ID), when we have a legal basis to do so.
Please read our Privacy Notice in full.
References to “Wunderman Thompson”, “we”, “us” and “our” are references to Wunderman Thompson LLC and its affiliates.
“Wunderman Thompson” is a trademark of Wunderman Thompson LLC.
Please send any enquiries to us here.
Wunderman Thompson LLC.
466 Lexington Avenue, New York, NY 10016
