
        We value your privacy We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised ads and content, ad and content measurement, and audience insights, as well as to develop and improve products.
With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning.
You may click to consent to our and our partners’ processing as described above.
Alternatively you may click to refuse to consent or access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting.
Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing.
Your preferences will apply to this website only.
You can change your preferences at any time by returning to this site or visit our privacy policy.
MORE OPTIONSDISAGREEAGREE 
Download
Tutorials
Source Code
Contact Me
Donate


 Privacy Policy TL;DR: What I DON'T do: 

Collect your Minecraft usernames and/or passwords


Distribute malware (or "potentially unwanted programs") with Wurst


Sell your data

 What I DO: 

Use Google Analytics to see how many people are using Wurst


Sell ads on this website

 Google Analytics I use Google Analytics to see how many people are using Wurst and which versions are the most popular.
I use this data to decide when to stop supporting old Minecraft versions.
There is no Google Analytics on this website, it's only in the Wurst Client itself.

When you launch Wurst, it only sends a single message to the Google Analytics server saying which Wurst version and Minecraft version was just launched.
It doesn't track what you do with Wurst or how long you use it for.
Google Analytics uses a random ID to tell the difference between one computer launching Wurst twice and two computers each launching Wurst once.
Wurst generates this ID on its own and changes it every 3 days.
This ensures that Google can't do anything sneaky and try use this data for ads.
Unfortunately I can't seem to get the "anonymizeIp" option working with this highly customized Google Analytics setup, so Google does still store your IP address.
You are welcome to have a look at the source code to see if you can figure this out.
(Of course I am also considering to ditch Google Analytics altogether, but setting up my own analytics server is no small feat.)
You can turn off Google Analytics by going to "Wurst Options" &gt.
"Count Users" and setting it to "OFF".
You can view Google's privacy policy here: https://policies.google.com/privacy Google AdSense I use Google AdSense to sell ads on this website.
I don't sell data and neither does Google!

Google has their own privacy policy which you can view here: https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
I have configured Google AdSense so that it won't show any personalized ads to visitors in the EU or California.
However, I am still required by Google to show a consent popup that allows users to make their own choice about personalized ads.
I am not sure what happens if you use the consent popup to try and enable personalized ads.
I have done everything I can on my end to disable them.
I have also disabled the following Google AdSense options worldwide:

"User-based ads" (personalization based on Google Account information)
"Additional ad technology vendors" (personalization based on third party ad technology)
"First-party cookies" (bypasses privacy tools that block third-party cookies)

Google AdSense uses third-party cookies to keep track of things like how often each ad is seen and how often each ad is clicked on.
I have turned off Google's personalization and first-party cookies, as stated above. PurifyDigital I also partner with PurifyDigital to sell ads on this website.
They have confirmed in writing that all of their ads are compliant with the GDPR and other data protection laws. AdMaven I also partner with AdMaven to sell ads on the files.wurstimperium.net website.
They have their own privacy policy which you can view here: https://ad-maven.com/privacy-policy/
I know these ads can be annoying so I've made them completely optional.
Every download link that shows AdMaven ads also has a "direct link" option next to it that doesn't show these ads.
I hope that this provides an acceptable compromise but I am open to feedback about it.
I am aware that going too far with ads would only hurt Wurst in the long run, so if it turns out that this solution is not acceptable then I will remove these ads again. Other Stuff Since I don't have your email address, I can't send you one of those annoying "we have updated our privacy policy" e-mails.
Instead, I have a GitHub repository where you can see how this page has changed over time: https://github.com/Wurst-Imperium/WurstClient.net/commits/gh-pages/privacy.md Copyright © 2014 - 2022 | Alexander01998 | All rights reserved.

Safety
Privacy
Edit Page
View Source

