
         Privacy &amp.
Terms Privacy Policy Terms of Service  Important Notice 
 Recent Changes 
 What is Wysa App? 
 Who can Use the Service? 
 About Wysa Accounts 
 About Wysa Well-being Coach Service Or Wysa Therapist Service 
 What are the Service Rules? 
 About User Content 
 About Mobile Software 
 Our Proprietary Rights 
 About Privacy, Security, Third-Party Links and Monitoring 
 About Payments and Cancellations 
 Indemnity &amp.
Warranty 
 Governing Law and Dispute Resolution 
 Our Contact 
 Changes Log 

 Privacy Policy Terms of Service Wysa Terms of Service

Welcome to Wysa, the mobile and online service of Touchkin eServices Private Limited
(hereinafter referred to as "Wysa", or "We", or "Us" or "Our").
The domain name www.wysa.io (hereinafter referred to as
"Website") and Wysa mobile application ("Mobile Software" or "Wysa App") is
owned and managed by Touchkin eServices Private Limited, a private limited company,
incorporated and existing under the laws of India and having its registered office at No.
532,
"Manjusha", First Floor, 2nd main, 16th Cross, II stage, Indiranagar, Bengaluru KA 560038 IN).
This Terms of Service applies to all visitors, data subject, and others who access the Service
("User(s)" or “You/r”).
This page explains the terms by which You may use Our
Website, other websites maintained by Us relating to our Apps, Your use of the mobile based
or web browser based software application either on the wysa website or integrated within an Institution website (hereinafter the “Wysa App” or “Mobile Software”)
and Our mobile based and/or web browser based AI chatbot service, digital premium service, and/or the Wysa Well-being Coach service and/or the
Wysa Therapist Service provided via Wysa App (collectively referred to as the "Service(s)”).
By
accessing or using the Service, You signify that You have read, understood, and agree to be
bound by this terms of service ("Terms and Condition") and to the collection and use of
Your Information as set forth in the Privacy Policy, and terms of any other policies of Wysa as
may be applicable to You whether or not You are a registered User of Our Service.
This Terms and
Condition, Privacy Policy and any other terms and conditions as may be applicable shall
hereinafter collectively be referred to as “Agreement” or “Contract”.
For further
Information regarding the use of Your data by Wysa, please read Our Privacy Policy.
Initial
Effective Date: June 30, 2017 (GMT) 
Latest Revised Date: Feb 03, 2021 (GMT)
Version: 3.0.0
Content


 Important notice 


 Recent Changes 


 What is Wysa App? 


 Who can Use the Service? 


 About Wysa Accounts 


 About Wysa Well-being Coach Service Or Wysa Therapist Service 


 What are the Service Rules? 


 About User Content 


 About Mobile Software 


 Our Proprietary Rights 


 About Privacy, Security, Third-Party Links and Monitoring 


 About Payments and Cancellations 


 Indemnity &amp.
Warranty 


 Governing Law and Dispute Resolution 


 Our Contact 


 Changes Log 
Important Notice: 1.
If You are having suicidal thoughts or planning to act on suicidal thoughts, or if You
feel
that
You may be a danger to Yourself or to others, or if You otherwise have any medical or
mental
health emergency or severe mental health condition, or if You are in a crisis or trauma
or
abuse, please discontinue use of the Service immediately and call the relevant emergency
number
in Your country and notify the police or emergency medical Services.
For example, You
can
find
Your country-specific suicide emergency number at: Suicide.org -
Suicide
Prevention, Awareness, and Support 2.
If You are less than 18 years of age, please read through the Wysa Privacy Policy and
the
Wysa
Terms of Service with Your parent or legal guardian or check with Your Institution to
understand
eligibility before use.
Wysa is not to be used by children under 13 years.
3.
We do not require any personal identifiers or sensitive data hence we do not ask for it.
You have the option to limit sharing of Your Personal data (such as full name, date of
birth, contact numbers, address, financial identifiers, government-provided identifiers)
or Your medical-related data or any other sensitive data (such as religious or political
opinions, financial data) when You use the Wysa App and Services.
4.
Your interaction with the Wysa Bot is with an AI chatbot and not a human.
The Bot is
restricted
in the means of response, and the intended use is for providing evidence-based tools and
techniques to manage emotions and encourage mental well-being in a self-help context.
It
is
not
intended for providing diagnosis, treatment or cure of a condition or disease.
The Bot
cannot
and will not offer advice on issues it does not recognize.
5.
The Wysa Well-being Coach Service will use text-based messaging to apply
motivational
interviewing and life coaching to help You work towards Your personal well-being goals.
The
Service will focus on building wellness and emotional resilience.
The underlying
principle
of
the Well-being Coach Service is that You have the knowledge and capacity to make desired
changes
in Your life.
The role that a Well-being Coach will play is to support You in finding
Your
own
way, help You tap into Your own strengths and abilities, so that You can identify and
use
resources around You to fill any gaps.
6.
The Wysa Therapist Service is also a text-based messaging service.
It will use
person-centered supportive listening, motivational interviewing and CBT principles to
help
You
to take control of Your mental and emotional well-being.
Wysa Therapists will draw on
various
evidence-based techniques to provide empathetic and non-judgmental support.
The Wysa
Therapist
will listen to Your worries empathetically, promote positivity and support You in making
successful lifestyle changes, so that You can manage Your situation better and build
emotional
resilience.
7.
Wysa Well-being Coach and Wysa Therapist services are not intended to be a replacement
for
face-to-face psychotherapy or to provide a diagnosis, prognosis, treatment or cure for a
disease/condition/disorder or disability or provide any type of state-regulated mental
health
services in Your country of residence.
It is an enabling and empowering mode of support,
rather
than treatment of illness or a health condition.
8.
By using the Wysa Well-being Coach or Wysa Therapist Services, You understand and agree
that
the
Coach assigned to work with You will be located remotely and may not be located in Your
country
or state of residence.
9.
Wysa Bot and Wysa Well-being Coaches and Wysa Therapists cannot and will not offer
medical
or
clinical advice.
In case You mention the need for such advice, they will suggest that
You
seek
advanced (medical) help.
10.
We take great pains to keep Your conversations private and secure as outlined in Section
here.
You can also keep Your conversations private and device secure by following
the
best practices outlined here of the Privacy Policy.
11.
For safety and security reasons, We strongly recommend that You keep Your conversations
with
Wysa App private.
We strongly recommend that You set automatic update of the Wysa App in
the
application manager settings of Your mobile device.
to get the latest Wysa App-based
features
and fixes.
Always exit the Wysa App version in Your mobile device by using the back
button
before upgrading to a newer version to prevent loss of ongoing or previous
conversations.
Changes in v3.0.0 | Feb 03, 2021

Overall


Align version number to Privacy Policy


Additions


Details on Video Call Service (experimental service for android users only) as part of Wysa Well-being Coach Service Or Wysa Therapist Service


Details on Wysa Gift Card program


You can read the full list of changes in the Changes Log


What is Wysa App?
The Wysa App is a virtual AI chatbot (“Bot” or “Wysa Bot”) that You can chat
with, including upon Your choice, the ability to subscribe and to message a highly trained
and qualified mental well-being professional (“Wysa Coach” or “Wysa
Therapist”) or for Institution Users, to be able to use an institutional support
mechanism integrated within the Wysa App, and through a conversational interface get access
to tools and techniques to manage Your emotional well-being.
The Wysa App is available for
both iOS and Android mobile systems and as a web browser based system either on the wysa website or integrated within an Institution website.
Your Interaction with the Bot is with an artificial
intelligence chatbot and not a human.
The Bot is restricted in the means of response, and
the intended usage of Wysa App is for providing support via evidence-based tools and
techniques to manage emotions and encourage mental well-being, as an early intervention tool
in a self-help context.
You make the choice of using the Bot, based on Your own estimate of
need, and agree that this is only suitable for basic self-help.
This is not intended to be a
replacement for face-to-face psychotherapy or to provide a diagnosis, prognosis, treatment
or cure for a disease/condition/disorder or disability.
The Bot cannot and will not offer
advice on issues it does not recognize.
Using the Wysa App, You can track and manage Your
mood, and learn context-sensitive evidence-based techniques that can help You feel better.
Wysa App and Service is not intended for use in crisis such as abuse or complex or severe
mental health conditions that causes for example.
ideation of suicide, harm to self and
others, or for any medical emergencies.
Wysa App and Service cannot and will not offer
medical or clinical advice.
It can only suggest that the user seeks advanced (medical) help.



Who can Use the Service?
You may Use the Service only if You are a natural/legal person, agree to this Agreement and
form
a binding contract with Wysa, and only in compliance with all applicable local, state,
national,
and international laws, rules and regulations.
If You are between 13 and 18 years of age,
please
read through this Wysa Privacy Policy and the Wysa Terms of Service with Your parent or
legal
guardian, and in such a case the Agreement shall be deemed to be a contract between Touchkin
and
Your legal guardian or parent and to the extent permissible under applicable laws,
enforceable
against You.
Anyone under 13 is strictly prohibited from creating an account and/or Using
the
Service.
If Your Institution specifies a different age restriction, such as at least 18 and above, as
a
condition of using this Service, that restriction shall apply rather than the one above.


If You use the Wysa Well-being Coach or Wysa Therapist Service, You will be asked to provide
a Parental or Legal Guardian consent if You reveal Your age to be between 13 and 18 years.
You will be required to inform Your parents or legal guardian and have them send Us an email
consent to wysa@touchkin.com or hello@wysa.ai, as
directed by Your Wysa Well-being Coach or
Wysa Therapist, using the same email ID that was used to subscribe to Our Service.
Without
receiving parental or legal guardian consent, We will be unable to offer Our full Services.


Wysa reserves the right to refuse access to the Service or terminate Your account if eligibility is not met, at its sole discretion.
The Service is not available to any Users previously removed from the Service by Wysa.



Institution or other Consumer users



Corporations, schools, universities, hospitals, insurance, government, and other
organizations (“Institution(s)”) may introduce Wysa App to their employees and members.
These Institutions may also replace certain Wysa Service(s) or integrate their own Services
within the Wysa App (“Institution Version'').
Such employees and members of Institutions are
also User(s) of the Wysa App or the Institution Version of Wysa App (“Institution User(s)”).
In such an event, these Institution(s) terms and their Privacy Policy shall also apply to
Your Use of Wysa App and Services.
In the event of any conflict with such additional terms
and Privacy Policy, Wysa’s Agreement shall apply.
Wysa App may carry links to material or
Websites or Web Pages or Services managed by third parties on which the Institution and
Touchkin may have no control, agreement or affiliation.
Please refer to documentation
including terms and Privacy Policy provided by such third parties before Using Your
Institution Version.
The Institution Version and its Services can only be accessed by authorized Institution
User(s) after following installation and access instructions as shared by the Institution or
their Service provider.



Wysa License


Subject to Terms and Condition, You are hereby granted a non-exclusive, limited,
non-transferable, freely revocable license to use the Service for Your personal use only
and as permitted by the features of the Service.
Wysa reserves all rights not expressly
granted herein in the Service and the Wysa Content (as defined later in this agreement).
Wysa may terminate this license at any time for any reason or no reason.





About Wysa Accounts
Creation of an Account via registration is currently not required.
Wysa may, at its sole
discretion, make the creation of an Account mandatory for all or certain Services in the
future.
Wysa will notify You about such changes if and when they occur.
In such an event,
the following terms shall apply.
You may be required to create an account with Wysa to avail certain Services with a username
and password or Access Codes (“Account”).
Your Account will give You access to the
Services and functionality that We may establish, modify and maintain from time to time and in our
sole discretion.

When creating Your Account, if required, You must provide accurate and complete Information.
If You provide any Information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete (or
becomes untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete), or if We have reasonable grounds to
suspect that such Information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, We have the
right to suspend or terminate Your Account and refuse any and all current or future use of
the Service (or any portion thereof).
You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on Your Account, and You must keep
Your Account password secure.
Whenever You need to set a password, We encourage you to use
"strong" passwords (passwords that use a combination of upper and lower case letters,
numbers and symbols) with Your Account.
You must notify Wysa immediately of any breach of
security, unauthorised access to Your chats or other data, or unauthorized use of Your
Account.
Wysa will not be liable for any losses caused by any unauthorized use of Your
Account.
You may never use another User's Account.

You may control Your user Account profile and how You interact with the Service by changing
the Settings in the Mobile Software.
You consent to Our using Your profile to send You
Service-related email notices, including any notices required by law, in lieu of
communication by postal mail.



About Wysa Well-being Coach Service Or Wysa
Therapist Service

[This section applies only to the conversations with a Wysa Well-being Coach or Wysa
Therapist.
For some institutional versions of Wysa App, Wysa App may provide links to
other support from the institution’s EAP service or health provider, in which case their Terms and Privacy Policy will apply.]

When You use the “Wysa Well-being Coach Service” or “Wysa Therapist Service”
provided to You on the Wysa App, the following Terms and condition apply:

Wysa Well-being Coach Service and Wysa Therapist Service is a Premium Service provided
by the Wysa App;
You have chosen to utilize the Services of a Wysa Well-being Coach or Wysa Therapist
engaged by the Wysa App by choosing and subscribing to an offered subscription, plan or
bootcamp;
Please do not share Your Personal data (such as full name, date of birth, gender,
contact numbers, address, financial identifiers, government-provided identifiers) or
Your medical-related data or any other sensitive data (such as Your sexual preferences,
religious or political opinions, financial data) when You use the Wysa Well-being Coach
Services or Wysa Therapist Services.
You can access the Wysa Well-being Coach Service and Wysa Therapist Service by providing
a non-personally identifiable nickname, or User name.
You have responsibility for the
conduct, postings and transmissions that are made under Your User name;
The Wysa Well-being Coach Service or Wysa Therapist Service is provided by highly
trained and qualified mental well-being professionals.
By using the Well-being Coach
Service or Wysa Therapist Service You understand and agree that the Coach assigned to
work with You will be located remotely and may not be located in Your country or state
of residence.
Wysa Well-being Coaches and Wysa Therapists are fully qualified and
licensed in their geographies.
However, please be aware that they may not be licensed to
practice in Your state, country or geography;

The Wysa Well-being Coach Service will use text-based messaging to apply
motivational interviewing and life coaching to help You work towards Your personal
well-being goals.
The Service will focus on building wellness and emotional resilience.
The underlying principle of the Well-being Coach Service is that You have the knowledge
and capacity to make desired changes in Your life.
The role that a Well-being Coach will
play is to support You in finding Your own way, help You tap into Your own strengths and
abilities, so that You can identify and use resources around You to fill any gaps;

The Wysa Therapist Service is also a text-based messaging service.
It will use
person-centered supportive listening, motivational interviewing and CBT principles to
help You to take control of Your mental and emotional well-being.
Wysa Therapists will
draw on various evidence-based techniques to provide empathetic and non-judgmental
support.
The Wysa Therapist will listen to Your worries empathetically, promote
positivity and support You in making successful lifestyle changes, so that You can
manage Your situation better and build emotional resilience;
The Wysa App allows You to connect and have text-message based scheduled sessions with a
Wysa Well-being Coach or Wysa Therapist.
You understand and agree that the Services
offered are solely for the purpose of listening to You, supporting You in achieving Your
defined goals and pointing You to the right Wysa App tools;
You understand and agree that Wysa Well-being Coach Service or Wysa Therapist Service is
not a substitute for face to face psychotherapy, and/or does not provide a diagnosis,
prognosis, treatment or a cure for a disease/condition/disorder or disability, and/or
does not provide any type of state-regulated mental health services in Your country of
residence;
The Wysa Well-being Coaches and Wysa Therapists do not provide any medical, psychiatric,
or other professional health care advice.
They are not intended to be used to assess
health conditions or substitute for professional medical advice, or relied upon for
diagnosis or treatment.
Use of Wysa Well-being Coach Services or Wysa Therapist Services
does not create or constitute a physician-patient relationship with any Wysa Well-being
Coach or Wysa Therapist, or anyone acting on behalf of Wysa App or Touchkin;
Wysa Well-being Coach Service or Wysa Therapist Service is not a crisis or emergency
Service.
If at any time You experience an emergency, medical or otherwise, please
immediately reach out to the emergency contact in Your local area of residence;
The Wysa App will assign a Wysa Well-being Coach or Wysa Therapist to You when You
subscribe to the Service or when you schedule Your first session;
You will also be able to switch your Wysa Well-being Coach or Wysa Therapist at any time
after Your first session by writing to Wysa at wysa@touchkin.com or hello@wysa.ai.;
Sessions are scheduled at the mutual convenience of the User and the Wysa Well-being
Coach or Wysa Therapist;
You are responsible to schedule a session with Your assigned Wysa Well-being Coach or
Wysa Therapist for real-time messaging;
Aside from a scheduled session, You can send unlimited messages and chats and the Wysa
Well-being Coach or Wysa Therapist will try to respond within 24 hours.
Messaging will
be only by text-based chat and only through the Wysa App.
You agree to not collect
contact details or any other personal information, or contact Your Wysa Well-being Coach
or Wysa Therapist outside of the Wysa App;
You can cancel or reschedule a scheduled session anytime before 3 hrs to the start of
the scheduled session.
No cancellation or rescheduling will be allowed within 3 hrs or
after a session begins;
Your private chats with a Wysa Well-being Coach or Wysa Therapist are available anytime
for Your reference within the Wysa App.
You will be able to access your conversations
and session summaries with the Wysa Well-being Coach or Wysa Therapist even after your
subscription ends.
You can always initiate the deletion of this data via the “Reset my
data” option in the Wysa App settings at any time;
It is the intention of Your Wysa Well-being Coach or Wysa Therapist to provide Services
that will assist You in reaching Your goals.
Based upon the Information that You provide
and the specifics of Your situation, Your Wysa Well-being Coach or Wysa Therapist will
provide recommendations to You.
Users, and Wysa Well-being Coach or Wysa Therapist are
partners in the supportive process.
You have the right to agree or disagree with Your
Well-being Coach or Wysa Therapist recommendations;
You agree to cordial messaging etiquette with Your Wysa Well-being Coach or Wysa
Therapist and to post messages in accordance with the User Content section within this
agreement;
The Wysa App serves as a “connector” for You to access online Wysa Well-being Coaches or
Wysa Therapists.
You agree that You are using the Services in your best judgement, and
Touchkin will not make any representation or warranty as to (a) the accuracy or
availability of the Wysa App, (b) the willingness or ability of the Wysa Well-being
Coach or Wysa Therapist to listen, (c) the willingness or ability of any Wysa Well-being
Coach or Wysa Therapist to give advice, (d) whether You or anyone else shall find a Wysa
Well-being Coach Service or Wysa Therapist Service helpful, useful or satisfactory, (e)
whether You or anyone else shall find a Wysa Well-being Coach or Wysa Therapist advice
relevant, useful, accurate or satisfactory, (f) whether the advice of the Wysa
Well-being Coach or Wysa Therapist will be relevant to the User’s question, or (g)
whether the Wysa Well-being Coach or Wysa Therapist advice will otherwise be suitable to
Your or anyone else’s needs;
Touchkin performs a reference and background check of all Wysa Well-being Coaches and
Wysa Therapists.
You can view all Our Wysa Well-being Coach or Wysa Therapist profiles
in the Coach or Therapist tab of the Wysa App;
You understand and agree that, although a Wysa Well-being Coach or Wysa Therapist may
have been accessed through the Wysa App, Touchkin cannot predict or assess the
competence of, or appropriateness for Your needs, of the Wysa Well-being Coach or Wysa
Therapist.
You also acknowledge and agree that You take full responsibility for the
decision to access a Wysa Well-being Coach or Wysa Therapist;
The monthly fee for the Wysa Well-being Coach Service or Wysa Therapist Service shall be
as mentioned on the Wysa App and indicated to You at the time of purchase (“Fees”).
Touchkin may at its discretion revise the Fees.
Any changes to the Fees will be
effective only upon your approval through the Mobile Software.
Touchkin reserves the
right to discontinue the Wysa Well-being Coach Service or Wysa Therapist Service upon
non-payment of Fees by You.
Fees are payable through purchase through Google Play and
Apple iTunes, or other payment mechanisms as Touchkin may introduce in its sole
discretion from time to time, prior to the time the Services are rendered;
Because Wysa Well-being Coach Service or Wysa Therapist Service is not a medical
treatment, typically insurance will not cover the cost.
Some employers may cover some of
the cost of the Wysa Well-being Coach Service or Wysa Therapist Service either directly
or through reimbursement.
It is Your responsibility to pay for the Service and get
reimbursed by Your employer if that is the case;
Your Subscription will be automatically renewed until Your subscription is cancelled.
It
is solely Your responsibility to cancel, which can be done at any time from Google Play
and Apple iTunes.

Cancelling Your subscription depends on Your payment method.
Here are the two ways to
cancel:
Google Play: https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/7018481
iTunes: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202039 The Fees payable by the User is a fixed fee and accordingly, You can use the Wysa
Well-being Coach Services or Wysa Therapist Service as little or as much as You like,
but You shall pay for the month regardless of how much You choose to use the Services.

It is Your responsibility to note the date and time that the subscription will expire or
come up for renewal, and to cancel prior to Your payment being processed.
Payments may
be subject to applicable currency exchange rates;
The Wysa App may offer in-app promotions from time to time such as free trials,
discounts or upgrades to a plan or bootcamp for a limited time period.
You understand
and agree that such promotions may be available only once and cannot be extended or be
transferable across multiple Users, plans and bootcamp;
The Wysa App or the Wysa Well-being Coach or Wysa Therapist will not ask You for any
Personally Identifiable Information (such as full name, email ID, phone number, address,
gender and other identification including sensitive Information such as Your medical
information, sexual preferences, religious or political opinions), other than Your
nickname to personalize the Wysa Well-being Coach Service or Wysa Therapist Service.
You
also agree to not share any personally identifiable Information including sensitive
Information from Your end.
Any Information shared by You, shall be treated in accordance
with the Privacy Policy.

You have rights and these can be viewed in the Privacy Policy.
If You have any
questions, concerns or complaints, please contact Us at wysa@touchkin.com or
hello@wysa.ai.
Touchkin may ask additional
information from You to service Your request appropriately.
Please note that We may
require to verify You before responding to any requests to exercise Your rights;
We do not collect any Personally Identifiable Information from You.
At the same time, we
also use this anonymized data research and statistical purposes to improve Our Product
and Services and contribute to the development of user-centered best practices for
mental wellbeing globally.
Please refer Privacy Policy on how we handle Your data;
Touchkin reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, any
Service in or on the Wysa App, with or without notice to User.
User agrees that Touchkin
shall not be liable to User or to any third party for any losses or damages or injury
that may result to User or any third party from such discontinuation or interruption of
Service.
However, if Service is temporarily or permanently discontinued by Touchkin,
Touchkin will initiate the refund of Fees paid by the User on a pro-rata basis for the
relevant month or any unused portion of the Services.
Such refund shall be in accordance
with the refund policy and terms and conditions of Google Play or Apple iTunes
(whichever applicable).
In such an event, You are required to contact Us for such
requests.
You will need to send an email request with reasons from Your Google or Apple
email ID to wysa@touchkin.com or
hello@wysa.ai.
Touchkin will address any such
request on a case by case basis;
Touchkin Services depend on various factors such as software, hardware and
communications networks, its contractors and sub-processors.
Touchkin does not guarantee
that the Wysa App Service will be uninterrupted or that it will be timely, secure or
error-free;
Touchkin, in its sole discretion and for any reason, may terminate User’s participation
in the Wysa Well-being Coach Services or Wysa Therapist Service and refuse any and all
current or future use by Users of its platform.
Upon such termination Wysa will initiate
the refund of Fees paid by the User on a pro-rata basis for the relevant month or any
unused portion of the Services.
Such refund shall be in accordance with the refund
policy and terms and conditions of Google Play or Apple iTunes (whichever applicable).
In the event You are required to contact Us for such requests, You will need to send an
email request with reasons from Your Google or Apple email ID to wysa@touchkin.com or hello@wysa.ai.
Touchkin will address any such
request on a case by case basis;
All conversations and data obtained during the course of the Service is confidential.
The storage, use, security of the Information is governed by the Wysa Privacy Policy and
Terms and Condition;
You agree and authorize Touchkin to collect and process Your data in accordance with the
terms of our Privacy Policy;
TOUCHKIN OR WYSA WELL-BEING COACH OR WYSA THERAPIST MAY DISCLOSE YOUR DATA IF TOUCHKIN
REASONABLY BELIEVES THAT DISCLOSURE IS NECESSARY IN ORDER TO COMPLY WITH A LEGAL PROCESS
(SUCH AS A COURT ORDER, SUBPOENA, SEARCH WARRANT, ETC.) OR OTHER LEGAL REQUIREMENT OF
ANY GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY;
You understand that the use of technology is not always secure and You accept the
technology risks during use of Your mobile device.
You will follow good security
practices during digital use including but not limited to setting a PIN to protect
access, not sharing this with anyone, and not leaving your phone or chats unlocked for
others to see.
You understand and agree that safe use is Your responsibility, and
Touchkin will not be responsible in any event arising out of unauthorized access to Your
chats or other data;
The Wysa Well-being Coach or Wysa Therapist and You mutually recognize that they may
hold discussions based on data and information provided by You.
The Wysa Well-being
Coach or Wysa Therapist will not voluntarily communicate Your data to a third party.
Any
use of data disclosed by You to the Wysa Well-being Coach or Wysa Therapist shall be in
accordance with the Privacy Policy;
In order to honor and protect the Wysa Well-being Coach or Wysa Therapist intellectual
properties, You expressly agree not to disclose or communicate any proprietary
Information about the Wysa Well-being Coach or Wysa Therapist practice, materials, or
methods to any third parties.
The obligations under this Clause survive the termination
of the Wysa Well-being Coach Services or Wysa Therapist Service or Your relationship
with Wysa;
The Wysa App or Wysa Well-being Coaches or or Wysa Therapists may provide links to
external resources or other content in third party websites.
Touchkin has no control
over any such links, content, web sites, products or services or any Information
provided or transmitted via such links, web sites, products or services, or otherwise
provided by any such third party.
You acknowledge and agree that Touchkin does not
endorse such third party products, services or advertisements and is not responsible for
the availability of such third party links, content, web sites, products or services and
will not be responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products or other
materials contained therein or the business practices or privacy practices related
thereto.
You warrant and agree that Touchkin will not be responsible or liable, directly
or indirectly, for any damage or loss or injury caused or alleged to be caused by or in
connection with the use of or reliance on any such link, website, content, product
and/or service.
Touchkin encourages You, the User, to, at a minimum, be aware of and to
review the terms of service and the privacy practices related to third party sites;
It is agreed between You, Your heirs, agents, assigns, personal representatives and next
of kin and the Wysa Well-being Coach or Wysa Therapist, Touchkin and their officers,
directors, employees, contractors, members, agents and assigns that any disputes or
claims arising out of or relating to the Agreement, or the breach of this Agreement,
will be mutually addressed by both the parties towards a resolution.
Any such resolution
may occur over the telephone.
In the event that the dispute has not been resolved after
60 days then the terms of dispute resolution mentioned in Agreement will be followed by
both the parties;
You, for Yourself and on behalf of Your heirs, agents, assigns, personal representatives
and next of kin, HEREBY RELEASE FROM LIABILITY, INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS any Wysa
Well-being Coach or Wysa Therapist, and Touchkin, and their officers, directors,
employees, contractors, members, agents and assigns (collectively “the Indemnified
Parties”) from and against any and all claims, losses, causes of action, costs, damages,
expenses, injury and liabilities whatsoever, that You, Your heirs, agents, assigns,
personal representatives and/or next of kin may have against the Indemnified
Parties,
which may incur, or which may arise out of or as a result of Your use of the Wysa App
and/or the Wysa Well-being coaches or Wysa Therapists and/or reliance upon advice
provided therefrom, whether caused by your own actions or inactions, by the negligent
act(s) or omission(s) of the indemnified parties, or otherwise, to the fullest extent
permitted by law;
The Wysa Well-being Coach Service or Wysa Therapist Service is provided on an "as is"
and "as available" basis.
You understand and agree that the use of the Wysa Well-being
Coach Service or Wysa Therapist Service is based on Your own best judgment and at Your
own risk.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Wysa Well-being Coach
Service or Wysa Therapist Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether
express or implied.

Video Call Service. The Wysa Well-being Coach or Wysa Therapist service allows users to do an
audio/video call with their assigned Coach/Therapist.
This service is currently available only to
android users in India on an experiment basis.
To avail this service, please check with Your
assigned Coach.
Your Coach will also explain the Pros and Cons of Video-based modality during
Your early sessions with them.
The terms in this Agreement will apply to this Service as well.
Read the Privacy Policy to understand how we handle Your data.






Wysa “Gift Card” Program
Wysa “Gift Card” program is a pre-paid membership to specific Services.
A person who purchases the
gift is referred to in these terms as the “Giftor”.
A person who receives and redeems a Gift Card to the
specific Services is referred to in these terms as the “Recipient”.
Gift Cards are paid for by a one-time
upfront payment.
Once bought, the Giftor will receive a Gift Code along with an order confirmation and
receipt.
The gifting codes cannot be redeemed for cash, resold or combined with any other offers,
including free trials.
Please note that gifting codes cannot be redeemed if any of the premium subscription access is already enabled or if another gift card is already redeemed and active.
We will automatically bill the Payment Method you provided for any
purchased Gift Card at the time of purchase, not delivery.
There are no cancellations, refunds or other
credits for Gift Cards that are not redeemed.
Wysa is not responsible if a Gift Card is lost, stolen or used
without permission.




What are the Service Rules?
You agree not to engage in any of the following prohibited activities: (i) copying,
distributing, or disclosing any part of the Service in any medium, including without
limitation by any automated or non-automated "scraping".
(ii) using any automated system,
including without limitation "robots," "spiders," "offline readers," etc., to access the
Service in a manner that sends more request messages to the Wysa servers than a human can
reasonably produce in the same period of time by using a conventional on-line web browser.
(iii) transmitting spam, chain letters, or other unsolicited email.
(iv) attempting to
interfere with, compromise the system integrity or security or decipher any transmissions to
or from the servers running the Service.
(v) taking any action that imposes, or may impose
at Our sole discretion an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our
infrastructure.
(vi) uploading invalid data, viruses, worms, or other software agents
through the Service.
(vii) disclosing, collecting or harvesting any personally identifiable
Information, including account names, from the Service.
(viii) using the Service for any
commercial solicitation purposes.
(ix) impersonating another person or otherwise
misrepresenting Your affiliation with a person or entity, conducting fraud, hiding or
attempting to hide Your identity.
(x) interfering with the proper working of the Service.
(xi) accessing any content on the Service through any technology or means other than those
provided or authorized by the Service.
or (xii) bypassing the measures We may use to prevent
or restrict access to the Service, including without limitation features that prevent or
restrict use or copying of any content or enforce limitations on use of the Service or the
content therein.
We may, without prior notice, change the Service.
stop providing the Service or features of
the Service, to You or to Users generally.
or create usage limits for the Service.
We may
permanently or temporarily terminate or suspend Your access to the Service without notice
and liability for any reason, including if in Our sole determination You violate any
provision of the Agreement, or for no reason.
Upon termination for any reason or no reason,
You continue to be bound by the Agreement.
You are responsible for all the mobile data usage
resulting from the use of the Service.
Consult Your mobile operator concerning your plan,
data rate charges and limits.
You are solely responsible for Your interactions with other
Wysa Users.
We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor disputes between You
and other Users.
Wysa shall have no liability for Your interactions with other Users, or for
any User's action or inaction.


About User Content

Some areas of the Service may, either now or later, allow Users to post content such as chat
content, profile Information, videos, comments, questions, and other content or Information
[any such materials a User submits, posts, displays, or otherwise makes available on the
Service ("User Content")].
We claim no ownership rights over User Content created by You.
the User Content You create remains Yours.
However, by sharing User Content through the
Service, You agree to allow others (in accordance with your settings and this Agreement) to
view, edit, and/or share Your User Content.
Wysa has the right (but not the obligation) in
its sole discretion to remove any User Content that is shared via the Service.
You agree not to post or transmit User Content that: (i) may create a risk of harm, loss,
physical or mental injury, emotional distress, death, disability, disfigurement, or physical
or mental illness to You, to any other person, or to any animal.
(ii) may create a risk of
any other loss or damage to any person or property.
(iii) seeks to harm or exploit children
by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable details or
otherwise.
(iv) may constitute or contribute to a crime or tort.
(v) contains any
Information or content that we deem to be unlawful, harmful, abusive, racially or ethnically
offensive, defamatory, infringing, invasive of personal privacy or publicity rights,
harassing, humiliating to other people (publicly or otherwise), libelous, threatening,
profane, or otherwise objectionable.
(vi) contains any Information or content that is
illegal (including, without limitation, the disclosure of insider Information under
securities law or of another party's trade secrets).
(vii) contains any Information or
content that You do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or
fiduciary relationships.
(viii) contains any Information or content that You know is not
correct and current.
(ix) violates any school, Institution or other applicable policy,
including those related to cheating or ethics.
(x) interferes with other Users of the
Service including, without limitation, disrupting the normal flow of dialogue in an
interactive area of the Service and deleting or revising any content posted by another
person or entity.
(xi) except where expressly permitted, post or transmit charity requests,
petitions for signatures, franchise arrangements, distributorship arrangements, sales
representative agency arrangements or other business opportunities (including offers of
employment or contracting arrangements), club memberships, chain letters or letters relating
to pyramid schemes, any advertising or promotional materials, solicit Service letters or
certificates, or any other solicitation of other users to use goods or services except in
those areas (e.g., a classified bulletin board) that are designated for such purpose.
You
may not copy, share, or use personal identifying or business contact Information about other
Users without their express permission.
You agree that any User Content that You post does
not and will not violate third-party rights of any kind, including without limitation any
Intellectual Property Rights (as defined below) or rights of privacy.
Wysa reserves the
right, but is not obligated, to reject and/or remove any User Content that Wysa believes, in
its sole discretion, violates these provisions.
For the purposes of this Agreement, "Intellectual Property Rights" means all patent
rights, copyright rights, mask work rights, moral rights, rights of publicity, trademark,
trade dress and service mark rights, goodwill, trade secret rights and other intellectual
property rights as may now exist or hereafter come into existence, and all applications
therefore and registrations, renewals and extensions thereof, under the laws of any state,
country, territory or other jurisdiction.
In connection with your User Content, You affirm, represent and warrant the following:

You have the consent of each and every identifiable natural person in the User Content
to use such person's name or likeness, and each such person has released You from any
liability that may arise in relation to such use of such User Content.
Your User Content and Wysa's use thereof as contemplated by this Agreement and the
Service will not violate any law or infringe any rights of any third party, including
but not limited to any Intellectual Property Rights and privacy rights.
Wysa takes no
responsibility and assumes no liability for any User Content that You or any other User
or third party posts or sends over the Service.
You shall be solely responsible for Your
User Content and the consequences of posting or publishing it, and You agree that We are
only acting as a passive conduit for Your online distribution and publication of Your
User Content.
You understand and agree that in spite of Our best efforts You may be
exposed to User Content that is inaccurate, objectionable, inappropriate for children,
or otherwise unsuited to Your purpose, and You agree that Wysa shall not be liable for
any damages or injury or losses You allege to incur as a result of User Content.


User Content License Grant

By posting any User Content on the Service, for use in connection with the Service You
expressly grant, and You represent and warrant that You have all rights necessary to grant,
to Wysa a royalty-free, sublicensable, transferable, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive,
worldwide license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, list Information regarding, edit,
translate, distribute, syndicate, publicly perform, publicly display, and make derivative
works of all such User Content and Your name, voice, and/or likeness as contained in Your
User Content, in whole or in part, and in any form, media or technology, whether now known
or hereafter developed subject to the Privacy Policy.

Use of User Content

Wysa conducts research on Our global platform.
All data including User Content if any is
anonymized before use for research purposes.
This research looks at how different activities
on Mobile Software (Wysa Well-being Coach or Wysa Therapist conversations, other activities,
etc.) impact mental well-being measures.
Wysa may use User Content and other data collected
from the User in accordance with the Agreement for the purpose of this research.
Research
and outcomes are key to helping Users make real change and progress in their lives, and we
are grateful for the support You provide towards this mission by sharing Your data.



About Mobile Software

We make available Mobile Software to access the Service via a mobile device.
To use the
Mobile Software You must have a mobile device that is compatible with the Mobile Software.
Wysa does not warrant that the Mobile Software will be compatible with Your mobile device.
Wysa hereby grants You a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use a
compiled code copy of the Mobile Software for one Wysa Account owned or leased solely by
You, for Your personal use.
You may not: (i) modify, disassemble, decompile or reverse
engineer the Mobile Software, except to the extent that such restriction is expressly
prohibited by law.
(ii) rent, lease, loan, resell, sublicense, distribute or otherwise
transfer the Mobile Software to any third party or use the Mobile Software to provide time
sharing or similar services for any third party.
(iii) make any copies of the Mobile
Software.
(iv) remove, circumvent, disable, damage or otherwise interfere with
security-related features of the Mobile Software, features that prevent or restrict use or
copying of any content accessible through the Mobile Software, or features that enforce
limitations on use of the Mobile Software.
or (v) delete the copyright and other proprietary
rights notices on the Mobile Software.
You acknowledge that Wysa may from time to time issue
upgraded versions of the Mobile Software, and may automatically electronically upgrade the
version of the Mobile Software that You are using on Your mobile device.
You consent to such
automatic upgrading on Your mobile device, and agree that this Agreement will apply to all
such upgrades.
Any third-party code that may be incorporated in the Mobile Software is
covered by the applicable open source or third-party license End User License Agreement, if
any, authorizing use of such code.
The foregoing license grant is not a sale of the Mobile
Software or any copy thereof, and Wysa or its third party partners or suppliers retain all
right, title, and interest in the Mobile Software (and any copy thereof).
Any attempt by You
to transfer any of the rights, duties or obligations hereunder, except as expressly provided
for in this Agreement, is void.
Wysa reserves all rights not expressly granted under this
Agreement.
The Mobile Software originates in India, and is subject to Indian export laws and
regulations.
The Mobile Software may not be exported or re-exported to certain countries or
those persons or entities prohibited from receiving exports from India.
In addition, the
Mobile Software may be subject to the import and export laws of other countries.
You agree
to comply with all Indian and foreign laws related to use of the Mobile Software and the
Wysa Service.


Our Proprietary Rights
Except for Your User Content, the Service and all materials therein or transferred thereby,
including, without limitation, software, images, text, graphics, illustrations, logos,
patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, photographs, audio, videos, music, and User
Content belonging to other Users (the "Wysa Content"), and all Intellectual Property
Rights related thereto, are the exclusive property of Wysa and its licensors (including
other Users who post User Content to the Service).
Except as explicitly provided herein,
nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to create a license in or under any such
Intellectual Property Rights, and You agree not to sell, license, rent, modify, distribute,
copy, reproduce, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, publish, adapt, edit or
create derivative works from any Wysa Content.
Use of Wysa Content for any purpose not
expressly permitted by this Agreement is strictly prohibited.
You may choose to or We may invite You to submit comments or ideas about the Service,
including without limitation about how to improve the Service or Our products
("Ideas").
By submitting any Idea, You agree that Your disclosure is gratuitous,
unsolicited and without restriction and will not place Wysa under any fiduciary or other
obligation, and that We are free to use the Idea without any additional compensation to You,
and/or to disclose the Idea on a non-confidential basis or otherwise to anyone.
You further
acknowledge that, by acceptance of Your submission, Wysa does not waive any rights to use
similar or related ideas previously known to Wysa, or developed by its employees, or
obtained from sources other than You.

No Professional Advice


If the Service provides any Information (e.g.
medical or legal) including recommending tools and techniques (e.g.
Yoga or activity or exercises), such Information is for Informational purposes only and should not be construed as professional advice.
No action should be taken based upon any Information contained in the Service.
You should seek independent professional advice from a person who is licensed and/or qualified in the applicable area before any use.



About Privacy, Security, Third-Party Links and
Monitoring
We deeply care about the privacy of Our Users.
You understand that by using the Services You
consent to the collection, use and disclosure of Your Personal data and aggregate data as
set forth in our Privacy Policy, and to have Your data collected, used, transferred to and
processed by Us in accordance with Our Privacy Policy.
We deeply care about the integrity and security of Your Personal data and maintain security
measures as required under applicable laws in India and globally to ensure its authorized
use.
However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to
defeat Our security measures or use Your Personal data for improper purposes.
You
acknowledge that You provide Your Personal data at your own risk.
The Service may contain links or other content related to third-party websites, advertisers,
products and/or services, special offers, or other events or activities offered by third
parties that are not owned or controlled by Wysa.
Wysa has no control over any such links,
content, web sites, products or services or any Information provided or transmitted via such
links, web sites, products or services, or otherwise provided by any such third party.
Wysa
does not endorse or assume any responsibility for any such third-party sites, Information,
materials, products, opinions or services and will not be responsible or liable for any
content, advertising, products or other materials contained therein or the business
practices or privacy practices related thereto.
If You access a third party website from the
Service, You do so at Your own risk, and You understand that this Agreement and Wysa's
Privacy Policy do not apply to Your use of such sites.
You expressly relieve Wysa from any
and all liability, directly or indirectly, arising from Your use of any third-party website,
service, or content and also for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in
connection with the use of or reliance on any such link, website, content, product and/or
service.
Additionally, Your dealings with or participation in promotions of advertisers
found on the Service, including payment and delivery of goods, and any other terms (such as
warranties) are solely between You and such advertisers.
You agree that Wysa shall not be
responsible for any loss or damage or injury of any sort relating to Your dealings with such
advertisers.
If You disclose Your Information to others, different rules may apply to their
use or disclosure of such Information.
We do not control the privacy policies of others.
We
encourage You to ask questions before You disclose Your personal Information to others.
Wysa
encourages You to, at a minimum, be aware when You leave a third party website and to review
the terms of service and privacy practices related to third party sites;
We have the right and liberty to monitor the content on the Website and Mobile Software at
all times which shall include Information provided in Your Account or any User Content
posted by You.
The monitoring of the Website is important to determine the veracity of the
Information provided by You and that every User remains in consonance with the Terms and
Condition provided herein.
Subject to the Agreement, We shall also have the liberty to
remove any objectionable content, including User Content, which is in contravention of the
Agreement or share such Information with any governmental authority as per procedures laid
down by the law for the time being in force in India.
It is hereby clarified that Wysa has a
right to but not an obligation to monitor the content on the Website and the Mobile
Software.
Accordingly, Wysa shall not be liable for any claims, losses, damages costs or
expenses that may arise as a consequence of the User Content published by You or any other
User on the Website.


About Payments and Cancellations

[For some institutional versions of Wysa App, Wysa App may provide links to support from
the institution’s EAP service or health provider, in which case their terms and Privacy
Policy will apply.]

The Services are provided to the Users free of cost at present.
The User may choose to avail
additional services available on the Mobile Software (“Premium Services”) upon
payment of a subscription fee.
Premium Services shall be considered as a part of Services
for the purpose of the Agreement.
We may modify the subscription fee for the Premium
Services or make all Services subject to payment of certain subscription fee at our sole
discretion.
The User will be notified of the applicable fee payable for the Services and the
Premium Services prior to User’s use of the same.
Subscriptions will be automatically renewed until subscription is cancelled before the end of
the current period.
For Apple iTunes, the subscription will automatically renew unless
auto-renew is turned off at least 24 hours before the end of the current period.
You can go
to your iTunes Account settings to manage your subscription and turn off auto-renew.
Your
iTunes Account will be charged when the purchase is confirmed.
It is solely the User’s
responsibility to cancel, which can be done at any time from Google Play and Apple iTunes.
WE DO NOT GENERALLY ACCEPT SUBSCRIPTION CANCELLATIONS VIA EMAIL;
It is the User’s responsibility to note the date and time that the subscription will expire
or come up for renewal, and to cancel prior to Your payment being processed.
Payments may be
subject to applicable currency exchange rates.
Cancelling Your subscription depends on Your payment method.
Here are the two ways to
cancel:
Google Play
iTunes
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall Wysa, its affiliates,
agents, directors, employees, suppliers or licensors be liable for any direct, indirect,
punitive, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages or injury or losses
arising out of or in connection with the Services.
The aggregate liability of Touchkin shall
be limited to the subscription fee paid by You for a period of six (6) months for the
Services.


Indemnity and Warranty

Indemnity


[For some institutional versions of Wysa App, Wysa App may provide links to support from
the institution’s EAP service or health provider, in which case their terms and Privacy
Policy will apply.]

You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Wysa and its subsidiaries, agents,
licensors, managers, and other affiliated companies, and their employees, contractors,
agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, injury,
obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to
attorney's fees) arising from: (i) Your use of and access to the Service, including any data
or content transmitted or received by You.
(ii) Your violation of any term of this
Agreement, including without limitation Your breach of any of the representations and
warranties above.
(iii) Your violation of any third-party right, including without
limitation any right of privacy or Intellectual Property Rights.
(iv) Your violation of any
applicable law, rule or regulation.
(v) any claim or damages that arise as a result of any
of Your User Content or any that is submitted via Your account.
or (vi) any other party's
access and use of the Service with Your unique username, PIN, password or other appropriate
security code.


No Warranty


THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS.
USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR
OWN RISK.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
NO
ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM WYSA OR THROUGH THE
SERVICE WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED HEREIN.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE
FOREGOING, WYSA, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, ITS AFFILIATES, AND ITS LICENSORS DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE
CONTENT IS ACCURATE, RELIABLE OR CORRECT.
THAT THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS.
THAT
THE SERVICE WILL BE AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME OR LOCATION, UNINTERRUPTED OR SECURE.
THAT ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED.
OR THAT THE SERVICE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR
OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
ANY CONTENT DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF
THE SERVICE IS DOWNLOADED AT YOUR OWN RISK AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE
TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR MOBILE DEVICE OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM SUCH DOWNLOAD OR
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE.
WYSA DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR
SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE WYSA SERVICE OR ANY HYPERLINKED
WEBSITE OR SERVICE, AND WYSA WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY MONITOR ANY TRANSACTION
BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.


Limitation of Liability



[For some institutional versions of Wysa App, Wysa App may provide links to support from
the institution’s EAP service or health provider, in which case their terms and Privacy
Policy will apply.]

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL WYSA, ITS AFFILIATES,
AGENTS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, THAT
RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THIS SERVICE.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL WYSA
BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE, LOSS OR INJURY RESULTING FROM HACKING, TAMPERING OR OTHER
UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR USE OF THE SERVICE OR YOUR ACCOUNT OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED
THEREIN.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WYSA ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR
RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT.
(II) PERSONAL
INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF
OUR SERVICE.
(III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND
ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN.
(IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION
TO OR FROM THE SERVICE.
(V) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE THAT MAY BE
TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR SERVICE BY ANY THIRD PARTY.
(VI) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN
ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OR INJURY INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY
CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE.
AND/OR (VII) USER CONTENT OR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD
PARTY.
IN NO EVENT SHALL WYSA, ITS AFFILIATES, AGENTS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SUPPLIERS, OR
LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY CLAIMS, PROCEEDINGS, LIABILITIES, OBLIGATIONS, DAMAGES,
LOSSES OR COSTS IN AN AMOUNT EXCEEDING THE AMOUNT YOU PAID TO THE FREE WYSA HEREUNDER OR
$100.00, WHICHEVER IS GREATER.
FOR THE PAID SUBSCRIPTION TO WYSA WELL-BEING COACH SERVICE OR
WYSA THERAPIST SERVICE, THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF TOUCHKIN SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE
SUBSCRIPTION FEE PAID BY YOU FOR A PERIOD OF SIX (6) MONTHS FOR THE WYSA WELL-BEING COACH
SERVICE OR WYSA THERAPIST SERVICE .
THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SECTION APPLIES WHETHER THE ALLEGED LIABILITY IS BASED ON
CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR ANY OTHER BASIS, EVEN IF WYSA HAS BEEN
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION.
The Service is controlled and operated from facilities in India.
You understand and agree
that, while Services meet all applicable laws in India, the Service may not meet licensing
or other regulatory requirements in other locations.
You agree that those who access or use
the Service from other jurisdictions will do so at their own volition and are entirely
responsible for compliance with all applicable Indian and local laws and regulations,
including but not limited to export and import regulations.
You may not use the Service if
You are a resident of a country embargoed, or are a foreign person or entity blocked or
denied, as identified by embargo and sanctions lists maintained by the United Nations, USA,
UK or India.
Unless otherwise explicitly stated, all materials found on the Service are
solely directed to individuals, companies, or other entities located in India.


Governing Law and Dispute Resolution
You agree that: (i) the Service shall be deemed solely based in Bengaluru, Karnataka, India.
and (ii) the Service shall be deemed a passive one that does not give rise to personal
jurisdiction over Wysa, either specific or general, in jurisdictions other than Bengaluru,
Karnataka, India.
This Agreement shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of
India, without respect to its conflict of laws principles.
You agree to submit to the
personal jurisdiction of the courts located in Bengaluru, Karnataka for any actions for
which we retain the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief in a court of
competent jurisdiction to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or
violation of Our copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, or other intellectual
property or proprietary rights.


Events beyond our reasonable control


We will not be held responsible for any delay or failure to comply with Our obligations under
these Agreement if the delay or failure arises from any cause which is beyond Our reasonable
control.
This condition does not affect your statutory rights.


Assignment


This Agreement, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or
assigned by You, but may be assigned by Wysa without restriction.
Any attempted transfer or
assignment in violation hereof shall be null and void.


Notification Procedures and Changes to the Agreement


Wysa may provide notifications, whether such notifications are required by law or are for
marketing or other business related purposes, to You via email notice, written or hard copy
notice, or through posting of such notice on Our website, as determined by Wysa in Our sole
discretion.
Wysa reserves the right to determine the form and means of providing
notifications to Our Users, provided that You may opt out of certain means of notification
as described in this Agreement.
Wysa is not responsible for any automatic filtering You or
Your network provider may apply to email notifications we send to the email address you
provide us.
Wysa may, in its sole discretion, modify or update this Agreement from time to
time, and so You should review this page periodically.
When We change the Agreement in a
material manner, We will update the 'last modified' date at the top of this page.
Your
continued use of the Service after any such change constitutes Your acceptance of the new
Terms and Condition.
If You do not agree to any of these terms or any future Terms and
Condition, do not use or access (or continue to access) the Service.


Entire Agreement/Severability.


This Agreement and Terms and Condition, together with any amendments, policies and any
additional agreements You may enter into with Wysa in connection with the Service, shall
constitute the entire agreement between You and Wysa concerning the Service.
If any
provision of this Agreement is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the
invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of
this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect.


No Waiver.


No waiver of any term of this Agreement shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of
such term or any other term, and Wysa's failure to assert any right or provision under this
Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.


Who can You contact for additional questions, comments or concerns?



If You have any questions, comments, or concerns about this Agreement or our other privacy
policies or practices, please contact us at wysa@touchkin.com
or hello@wysa.ai or by writing to:

Touchkin eServices Private Limited
Attn: Wysa Agreement
1st Floor, Manjusha, No 532
16th Cross, 2nd Main Road, 2nd Stage
Indiranagar, Bengaluru, 560038
Karnataka - INDIA 

Changes Log

v3.0.0 | Feb 03, 2021


Overall

Align version number to Privacy Policy

Additions


Details on Video Call Service (experimental service for android users only) as part of Wysa Well-being Coach Service Or Wysa Therapist Service


Details on Wysa Gift Card program


