
         Xapo Terms of Use
Effective date: June 4th, 2021


To build a better Xapo, we’re making several changes to our Terms of Use, in anticipation of our Gibraltar based banking &amp.
bitcoin services platform, under a subscription-based business model, charging our users a recurring fee to access our services.
We want you to stay with us and join Xapo in this new journey, but please do so after carefully reading our updated Terms of Use.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE (“TERMS”) CAREFULLY.
BY CLICKING TO ACCEPT, OR BY ACCESSING OR USING OUR SERVICES (AS DEFINED HEREIN), YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF USE IN THEIR ENTIRETY AND ALL TERMS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE.
These Terms are supplied in English and shall be interpreted accordingly.
Any translation of these Terms is for convenience purposes only.
In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between this version and a translated version, these Terms shall prevail.
You may register a user account, access and use our Services as an individual or on behalf of a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, or business entity of any kind established under the laws of Hong Kong or a foreign jurisdiction other than the United States of America (collectively, “Entity”).
If you are using our Services on behalf of an Entity, (a) all references to “you” or “user” throughout these Terms will include that Entity, (b) you confirm that you are authorized to accept these Terms on that Entity’s behalf, and (c) in the event you or the Entity violates these Terms, that Entity agrees to be jointly and severally liable to us.
Please note that there may be specific terms or conditions applicable to entities detailed herein.
THE ARBITRATION CLAUSE IN SECTION 22 GOVERNS RESOLUTION OF CERTAIN DISPUTES.
#1.
SCOPE

These are the Terms of Use of Xapo Limited, which is referred to in these Terms as “Xapo”, “we” or “us”.
Xapo is a company incorporated under the laws of Hong Kong.
These Terms apply to any access and use of our website at
https://xapo.com, our online services, our Android and iOS mobile apps, and any of our services related to or utilizing any of the foregoing, which we refer to in these Terms, collectively, as our “Services.” These Terms govern both individuals and entities that access and/or use the Services even if such individual or Entity does not register a user account.
If you are a United States resident or Entity using our Services in the United States, you are engaging not with Xapo Limited but with Xapo, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Xapo Holdings Limited.

#
2.
MODIFICATION OF TERMS &amp.
TERMINATION 
2.1.
Changes to these Terms.
We have the right to change these Terms and any other documents relevant to the Services we offer from time to time.
If we do, we will provide you notice of such changes by posting the updated Terms on our website and changing the “Last Updated” date above.
You should therefore refer to and read these Terms from time to time.
Any amended Terms will become effective no earlier than fourteen (14) days after they are posted and apply prospectively to use of the Services after such changes become effective, except that changes addressing new functions of the Xapo Services or changes made for legal reasons will be effective immediately.
If you do not agree with the changes we make, we may close your Xapo Account at any time within the fourteen (14) days notice period without a charge.
You will be deemed to have accepted our changes if you do not notify us that the changes are not accepted during this period and the changes will apply to you.
Where applicable, if a change to an interest or exchange rate is based on a reference interest or exchange rate, or a change in the interest or exchange rate is more favourable to you, you agree that such a change may be applied by us immediately and without notice to you.
You agree that we may inform you of such a change by publication of the change on our website.


2.2.
Termination of these Terms.
Subject to this clause, you are entitled to end this Agreement with us and close your Xapo Account at any time, without charge, by contacting our support team.
Before we close your Xapo Account you must repay all the outstanding amounts owed to us and withdraw any remaining funds at the time of closure.
You must also delete the Xapo App from your mobile device.
Once closed, you will not be able to use, access or reactivate your Xapo Account.
Xapo is entitled to close your Xapo Account and terminate our Agreement by providing you with fourteen (14) days written notice.
Our termination of our Agreement will not affect any of our rights or obligations arising under these Terms.
We may also close your Xapo Account immediately and without notifying you of our decision if any of the following happens:


You deliberately use your Xapo Account for criminal or fraudulent purposes or someone else is using your Xapo Account without your authority;
There has been no transaction on your Xapo Account for more than 12 consecutive months;
Your Xapo Account has no funds and you have not logged in for more than 6 consecutive months;
We do not have sufficient information to operate your Xapo Account or it turns out you were not entitled to open a Xapo Account in the first place;
Your behaviour towards our staff makes it difficult for us to deal with you (for example, you are threatening or abusive towards our staff);
You are no longer entitled to have a Xapo Account with us or you do not accept any revised Agreement or other applicable terms;
You do not pay any fees or charges on time;
You go into bankruptcy, insolvency, enter into an individual voluntary arrangement, have a debt relief order or trust deed lodged against you or enter into any other form of analogous circumstances;
You die.
or
You break any of the terms of our Agreement in any way.
Your account has been qualified as inactive or non-responsive.

Any terms which by their nature should survive, will survive the termination of our Agreement.
#
3.
ELIGIBILITY AND AGREEMENT 
3.1.
General Requirements. The Services are intended solely for users who are 18 or older and who satisfy the criteria described in these Terms.
You represent and warrant that you: (a) are of legal age to form a binding contact (at least 18 years old).
(b) have not previously been suspended or removed from using our Services.
and (c) have full power and authority to agree to these Terms.

3.2.
Restricted Locations. You may not use the Services if you are located in, or a citizen or resident of any state, country, territory or other jurisdiction where your use of the Services would be illegal or otherwise violate any applicable law.
You represent and warrant that you are not a citizen or resident of any such jurisdiction and that you will not use any Services while located in any such jurisdiction.
You also may not use the Services if you are located in, or a citizen or resident of, any other jurisdiction where Xapo has determined, at its discretion, to prohibit the use of the Services.
Xapo may implement controls to restrict access to the Services from any jurisdiction prohibited pursuant to these Terms.
You agree to comply with these Terms even if Xapo’s methods to prevent the use of the Services are not effective or can be bypassed.

3.3. If you do not agree to be legally bound by these Terms, you must not use our Services.
If you use our Services, you agree to do so in compliance with these Terms and with applicable laws and regulations.
#4.
XAPO ACCOUNT 
4.1.
Account. You may need to register for an account to access some or all of our Services (“Xapo Account”).
To create or maintain your Xapo Account, or enable functions on your Xapo Account, you will be required to provide Xapo with certain information and documentation, including, as applicable, the information and documentation associated with identity verification and other screening procedures.
You will: (a) create a unique password.
(b) provide complete and accurate information.
(c) promptly update any information you have provided so that the information is complete and accurate at all times.
(d) maintain the security of your Xapo Account by protecting your password from unauthorized access or use.
(e) promptly notify Xapo if you discover or suspect any unauthorized access or use of your Xapo Account or any security breaches related to your Xapo Account.
and (f) be responsible for all activities that occur under your Xapo Account, and accept all risks of any authorized or unauthorized access to your Xapo Account.
Xapo may refuse to permit you to register a Xapo Account or limit the number of Xapo Accounts that an individual or Entity may establish at its sole discretion.

4.2.
Entities. Unless your Xapo Account is opened on behalf of an Entity, you will use the Services and your Xapo Account only for your own account and not on behalf of, or for the account of, any third party.
If your Xapo Account is opened on behalf of an Entity, you will use the Services and your Xapo Account solely for the account of the specified Entity.
If you use any Services on behalf of an Entity, you agree to these Terms on behalf of yourself and any such Entity, and you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind the Entity to these Terms and that both you and the Entity will be jointly and severally liable under these Terms for any violation of these Terms or any other acts or omissions by the Entity or by you.

4.3.
Responsibility for Account Activities. You will be bound by, and hereby authorize Xapo to accept and rely on, any agreements, instructions, orders, authorizations and any other actions made, provided or taken by anyone who has accessed or used your Xapo Account regardless of whether the access is authorized or unauthorized.
Upon receipt of written notice from you that the security of your Xapo Account has been compromised, Xapo will take reasonable steps to protect your Xapo Account, including, for example, to cease to allow actions initiated using any compromised Xapo Account passwords.
But, the first sentence of this Section 4.3 will continue to apply to any other Xapo Account password, and any suitable password issued to replace the compromised Xapo Account password.
#5.
SUSPENDED ACCOUNTS Xapo reserves the right in its sole discretion to temporarily or permanently suspend and block Xapo Accounts.
This account blocking or suspension may be a consequence of, among other cases considered reasonable on the sole discretion of Xapo, inconsistent information regarding your identity (, a pending compliance review, the request of a third party, the request and/or order of an authority, governmental body, regulator, justice entity, police, etc..
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ACCESS YOUR FUNDS IF YOUR XAPO ACCOUNT IS SUSPENDED, BLOCKED OR IS OTHERWISE LIMITED.
In case the cause of the suspension is resolved, Xapo may require you to provide an external bitcoin wallet address in order to send you the available remaining funds in your Xapo Account, or may transfer funds to a third party upon an order of a competent regulator, justice entity, judge, court or other which is reasonable in the sole discretion of Xapo.
#
6.
IDENTITY VERIFICATION Xapo may, in its sole discretion, require identity verification and other screening procedures with respect to you or transactions associated with your Xapo Account.
These verification and screening procedures may include, without limitation, checking the information you provide against any list issued by any governmental or international authority prohibiting or limiting business activities or transactions with any persons.
You may be required to provide Xapo with certain personal information, including, but not limited to, your name, address, telephone number, email address, date of birth, taxpayer identification number, government identification number, photograph of your government-issued ID or other photographic proof of your identity, information regarding your business, and information regarding your bank account.
You hereby authorize Xapo, directly or through a third party, to make any inquiries Xapo considers necessary to verify your identity or protect against fraud, including but not limited to: (a) query identity information contained in public reports (e.g., your name, address, past addresses, or date of birth).
(b) query account information associated with your linked bank account (e.g., name or account balance).
and (c) take action Xapo reasonably deems necessary based on the results of such inquiries and reports.
You further authorize all third parties to which such inquiries or requests may be directed to fully respond to such inquiries or requests.
Xapo will have no liability or responsibility for any permanent or temporary inability to access or use any Services, including your inability to interact with service providers, as a result of any identity verification or other screening procedures.
#7.
OUR PRIVACY POLICY 
Please refer to our Privacy Policy located at
https://static.xapo.com/terms/privacy-policy.html
.
Our Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, and share your personal
information.

#8.
DIGITAL CURRENCY The term “Digital Currency” as used in these Terms refers to cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin.
#9.
RISK
DISCLOSURES.
ASSUMPTION OF RISKS.
RELEASE OF XAPO Receiving, storing and transferring Digital Currency, and use of other Services provided by Xapo, involves
significant risks and potential for financial losses, including without limitation the following:
The features, functions, characteristics, operation, use and other properties of any Digital Currency and the
software, networks, protocols, systems, and other technology (including, if applicable, any blockchain)
(“Underlying Technology”) used to administer, create, issue, transfer, cancel, use or transact in any Digital
Currency may be complex, technical or difficult to understand or evaluate.
Any Digital Currency and its Underlying Technology may be vulnerable to attacks on the security, integrity or
operation of the Token or its Underlying Technology (“Attacks”), including Attacks using computing power
sufficient to overwhelm the normal operation of a blockchain or other Underlying Technology.
Any Digital Currency or Underlying Technology may change or otherwise cease to operate as expected due to a
change made to the Underlying Technology, a change made using features or functions built into the Underlying
Technology or a change resulting from an Attack.
These changes may include, without limitation, a “fork” or
“rollback” of a Digital Currency or blockchain.
Any Digital Currency may be cancelled, lost or double spent, or otherwise lose all or most of their value,
due to forks, rollbacks, Attacks, or failure of the Digital Currency to operate as intended.
Any Digital Currency may decrease in value or lose all of its value due to various factors including
discovery of wrongful conduct, market manipulation, changes to Digital Currency properties or perceived value
of Digital Currency properties, Attacks, suspension or cessation of support for a Digital Currency by Xapo or
other exchanges or service providers, and other factors outside the control of Xapo.
Any Digital Currency may decrease in value or lose all of its value due to legislative or regulatory
activity, or other government action.
Government regulation of Digital Currency is unsettled and rapidly
evolving.
Any Digital Currency may be lost if sent to the wrong address (for example but without limitation, if the
address is improperly formatted, contains errors, or is intended to be used for a different type of Digital
Currency).
The risks described in this Section 9 may result in loss of Digital Currency, decrease in or loss of all
value for Digital Currency, inability to access or transfer Digital Currency, inability to trade Digital
Currency, inability to receive financial benefits available to other Digital Currency holders, and other
financial losses to you.
You hereby assume, and agree that Xapo will have no responsibility or liability for
such risks.
You hereby irrevocably waive, release and discharge all claims, whether known or unknown to you,
against Xapo and its shareholders, members, directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives related
to any of the risks set forth herein.
You represent and warrant that you have: (a) the necessary technical expertise and ability to review and
evaluate the security, integrity and operation of any Digital Currency that you decide to acquire.
and (b) the
knowledge, experience, understanding, professional advice and information to make your own evaluation of the
merits and risks of any Digital Currency.
You accept the risk of receiving, storing and transferring Digital
Currency through the Services, and are responsible for conducting your own independent analysis of the risks
specific to the Digital Currency and the Services.
#10.
USER CONTENT Our Services may allow you and other users to create, post, store and share content, including messages,
text, photos, videos, software and other materials (collectively, “User Content”).
Except for the license you
grant below, you retain all rights in and to your User Content, as between you and Xapo.
You grant Xapo a perpetual, irrevocable, nonexclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, fully paid, and sublicensable
license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute,
publicly perform and display your User Content and any name, username or likeness provided in connection with
your User Content in all media formats and channels now known or later developed without compensation to you.

When you post or otherwise share User Content on or through our Services, you understand that your User
Content and any associated information (such as your username or profile photo) may be visible to others.
You may not create, post, store or share any User Content that violates these Terms or for which you do not have all the rights necessary to grant us the license described above.
You represent and warrant that your User Content, and our use of such content as permitted by these Terms, will not violate any rights of or cause injury to any person or entity.
Although we have no obligation to screen, edit or monitor User Content, we may delete or remove User Content at any time and for any reason with or without notice.
#
11.
GENERAL SERVICE TERMS 
11.1.
Support for Bitcoin Only. The only Digital Currency supported
by Xapo is bitcoin.
If you want to store, transfer and/or use any Digital Currency other than bitcoin, you
cannot do it through the Xapo Services.
If you send or transfer to your Xapo Wallet or Vault any Digital
Currency that is not bitcoin, Xapo shall not be responsible for receiving or storing it in any way and you may
lose any right in connection to such Digital Currency or value without any right or claim to Xapo.


11.2.
The Xapo Services. Xapo provides a way to receive, transfer, store, and manage bitcoins, using our wallet service, which we call Xapo Wallet, and the Xapo deep cold storage service, which we call Xapo Vault.

11.2.1.
Bitcoin Management. To manage your bitcoins with Xapo, simply click on the respective transaction button after logging in.
You will be taken through a process that will display the relevant information to conduct the intended transaction.
You shall pay transactions with available funds in your Xapo Wallet and available payment methods provided by Xapo, depending on your location and some other factors.
It is personalized to each user and certain factors involved, so only specific payment options are shown for each order.
At the end of the process, the transaction shall be debited from or credited to the respective account of your Xapo Wallet.
Xapo does not charge fees for adding or withdrawing funds, but processing fees may apply depending on the payment method.
Your ability to fund or withdraw your Xapo Wallet may be subject to limits we may establish from time to time.
When funding or withdrawing your Xapo Wallet through wire transfer and/or any payment processor and/or payment methods, incoming or withdrawn funds can be sent from or to an account in your own name or in the name of a third party.
You are solely responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the information included in your transfer of funds, including account number, bank routing number, your Xapo-specific reference number and any other information requested by us.
Xapo cannot revoke or cancel a wire once it has been initiated by a bank.
You shall be solely responsible for all costs, losses, damages and liabilities arising from any reversal of funds initiated by Xapo as a result of your failing to comply with the provisions of this section.
Xapo reserves the right to delay or not process incoming or withdrawing wires and/or payment processor method for any reason, and where required by governmental, regulatory or law enforcement requirements.
Xapo is not liable for any act, omission, mistake, default, delay, negligence, misconduct or insolvency of any third party, including any bank, entity or person.
You acknowledge and agree that when you instruct Xapo to transfer funds between wallets, Xapo does an equivalent finance transaction in accordance with your instructions, incurring in a hedge for the risk of adverse price movements of bitcoin and/or the default currency to be transferred.
Therefore, you acknowledge and agree that the cancellation of a transfer of funds from one wallet to another is not neutral, and it may be subject to an adjustment equivalent to the difference between the prices involved in the entire transaction.
Xapo does not earn any profit from these eventual adjustments.

11.2.2.
Bitcoin/Fiat Denomination Service. In case the E-Money Services rendered by Xapo Bank (Gibraltar) Limited are available in your jurisdiction, the following
E-money Terms
will apply.
In case such E-money Services are not available in your jurisdiction, Xapo provides you our Bitcoin/Fiat Denomination Service.
You are solely responsible for determining whether the E- money Services rendered by Xapo Bank (Gibraltar) Limited are authorised in your jurisdiction according to local applicable laws and regulations and the E-money terms provided in the link above.

The Bitcoin Fiat Denomination Service (“Fiat Accounts”) is a wallet service that allows you to keep your Xapo Wallet balance in a default Fiat currency, locking the value of your bitcoins in the default Fiat currency, at a certain conversion rate agreed by you through the process of the relevant transaction.
Your Fiat Account will always hold bitcoins, displayed in the equivalent amount of the default Fiat currency locked by you upon conversion.
For the sake of clarity, Xapo will hold at all and any time in your Fiat Accounts bitcoins upon which you and Xapo agreed its value in the default Fiat currency.

11.2.3.
Paid Services. Xapo charges a recurring fee to allow you to access the Xapo Services.
Please review our current recurring fee here.
Xapo reserves the right to change the amount of fees, including but not limited to the amount of the recurring fee, and to charge additional fees, including but not limited to dormancy fees, services fees, maintenance fees, closing fees and penalty fees in connection with account inactivity and/or lack of response to Xapo notices when an action from you is required with reasonable prior notice, and we will provide you at least 30 days advance notice of any such changes and/or additional fees.
Xapo reserves the right to charge a reduced fee in case the available balance in your Xapo account is not enough to cover the entire applicable fee.
Xapo reserves the right to waive and/or reduce any fee at any time, with or without notice.


11.2.4.
Xapo Debit Card. Xapo currently is not offering Debit Card
services.
This section shall be duly updated as soon as the new Debit Card product is offered to our users.


11.2.5.
Other Fees. Please review carefully our
current processing fees here.



Outgoing transactions.
Outgoing bitcoin transactions from your Xapo Account to
another Xapo Account are not subject to any processing fee.
Outgoing bitcoin transactions from your Xapo
Account to a bitcoin address outside of Xapo are subject to a processing fee that you can review here:
Bitcoin Transaction Fees.


Incoming transactions.
Incoming bitcoin transactions to your Xapo Wallet and/or
Vault equal to or below a certain amount are subject to a special processing fee so as to cover the
transaction cost of the Bitcoin network.
This special processing fee shall be automatically deducted from
the respective transaction.
Please review our
current special processing fee here
.



11.2.6.
Xapo Bitcoin Reserve. Xapo maintains a proprietary reserve
of bitcoins (“Bitcoin Reserve”) that is designed to ease the impact of bitcoin losses that are a direct
consequence of certain incidents, as described below, and that are not related in any way with your own
actions, omissions or errors.
The Xapo Bitcoin Reserve is provided to you at no charge.

The Xapo Bitcoin Reserve is designed to cover direct and effective losses suffered by users as a result of
attacks of hackers to our systems, theft by any third party and/or Xapo employee from our systems or
facilities, break-ins at a physical location of our vaults, and/or our bankruptcy, which are not due to or
related to your acts, omissions or errors (“Qualifying Losses”).
The Xapo Bitcoin Reserve does not cover cases of hacking of individuals’ and entities’ systems, devices and
personal accounts, such as phones, computers, email accounts, etc.
For example, a loss suffered as a result of
your failure to maintain adequate security, control or confidentiality of your Xapo Account information,
including any personal identification numbers (PINs), passwords, API keys or other codes associated with your
Xapo Account and any activity occurring within that Xapo Account, will not be considered a Qualifying Loss.

The Xapo Bitcoin Reserve is primarily designed to cover the loss of bitcoins stored by our users in the Xapo
Vault, our deep cold storage service that incorporates multiple layers of cryptographic security to help
secure your bitcoins.
These processes include multi-factor authentication and private key segmentation between
others.
The Xapo Bitcoin Reserve is also designed to cover bitcoins held by Xapo in “Hot Storage” (i.e., connected to
a network in order to meet the liquidity needs of Xapo Wallet users) and it is intended to hold an equal or
greater amount of bitcoins than the bitcoins held by Xapo in Hot Storage.
WHILE WE HAVE DESIGNED THE XAPO BITCOIN RESERVE TO HELP LESSEN THE IMPACT OF BITCOIN LOSSES THAT ARE OUTSIDE
OF OUR USERS’ CONTROL, WE DO NOT AND CANNOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE XAPO BITCOIN RESERVE WILL HAVE A
SUFFICIENT NUMBER OF BITCOINS TO COVER ANY OR ALL LOSSES SUFFERED BY OUR USERS IN THESE CIRCUMSTANCES.
In the event of a Qualifying Loss, bitcoins stored by users in our Vault will have priority to be covered by
the Xapo Bitcoin Reserve.
Qualifying Losses by Xapo Wallet users shall only be covered by the Xapo Bitcoin
Reserve after the Qualifying Losses of Vault users have been covered, because bitcoins held in Xapo Wallets
are subject to a higher propensity for cyber-attack, and we reward users that take their own security
measures, including preferring our Vault Service.
In these cases, the Xapo Bitcoin Reserve shall cover the Qualifying Losses in the following priority order:

(i) Qualifying Losses stored in the Xapo Vault of users.
If the Xapo Bitcoin Reserve is not enough to cover
100% of Vault users’ Qualifying Losses, it shall cover Vault users’ losses on a pro rata basis, based upon the
total value of their Qualifying Losses in proportion to the total value of bitcoin lost by all Xapo users as a
result of the incident.
(ii) Qualifying Losses stored in the Xapo Wallet of our users.
If the Xapo Bitcoin Reserve is not enough to
cover 100% of Wallet users’ Qualifying Losses, it shall cover Xapo Wallet users’ losses on a pro rata basis,
based upon the total value of their Qualifying Losses in proportion to the total value of bitcoin lost by all
Xapo users as a result of the incident.
For avoidance of doubt, each Entity user is counted only once in the above calculations, regardless of how
many authorized persons use the Services on behalf of that Entity user.
The use of the Xapo Bitcoin Reserve is optional for our users.
As a condition to receiving any bitcoins
and/or funds from the coverage of the Xapo Bitcoin Reserve, you agree to (i) timely cooperate with Xapo upon
its request in connection with any coverage claim relating to your bitcoins, including by timely providing any
information or documentation that Xapo reasonably requests, and (ii) sign any documents, including but not
limited to a release of further claims against Xapo, that Xapo may require.

11.2.7.
Communications. All our communications with you will be in English.
Other languages may be used for convenience purposes only, but we do not warrant that we will use other languages other than English to communicate with you.


11.3.
Forks. If, as a consequence of a “fork” (as such term is commonly known in the bitcoin industry), bitcoin holders are granted an equivalent or proportional amount of a new Digital Currency or values that are not bitcoin, Xapo shall not have any obligation whatsoever in connection to such new Digital Currency or value, provided, however, that Xapo may grant you, at its sole discretion, a reasonable term to withdraw such Digital Currency or value and transfer it to a third party.
If you choose not to withdraw the total balance of the Digital Currency or value within such term, Xapo reserves the right to automatically convert the total balance of such Digital Currency into bitcoin and credit it to your Xapo Wallet.
The above does not mean and shall not be interpreted in any way as an obligation of Xapo to provide any support or withdrawal option of any Digital Currency or value other than bitcoin.


11.4.
Continuity of Services. Our Services may evolve over time.
This means we may make changes, replace, or discontinue (temporarily or permanently) our Services at any time for any reason with or without notice.
In this case, you may be prevented from accessing or using our Services.
If, in our sole discretion, we decide to permanently discontinue our Services, we will provide you with notice via our website or mobile apps.


11.5.
Bitcoin Transactions. Xapo cannot and does not guarantee the
value of bitcoins.
You acknowledge and agree that the value of bitcoins is highly volatile and that buying,
selling, and holding bitcoins involves a high degree of risk.
Additionally, the bitcoin consensus network is
solely responsible for verifying and confirming proposed transactions that you submit via the Services, and
Xapo cannot and does not confirm, cancel, or reverse wallet-to- wallet transactions, other than confirmation
of the Bitcoin network’s completion of a transaction.
The Bitcoin network is operated by a decentralized
network of independent third parties.
Once a transaction request has been submitted to the Bitcoin network via
the Services, the Bitcoin network will automatically complete or reject the request and you will not be able
to cancel or otherwise modify your transaction request.
You acknowledge and agree that Xapo is not responsible
for any errors or omissions that you make in connection with any bitcoin transaction initiated via the
Services.
The Services help you submit your bitcoin transaction request for confirmation to the Bitcoin
network.
However, Xapo has no control over the Bitcoin network and therefore cannot and does not ensure that
any transaction request you submit via the Services will be completed.
You acknowledge and agree that the
transaction requests you submit via the Services may not be completed, or may be substantially delayed, by the
Bitcoin network.
When you complete a transaction request via the Services, you authorize us to submit your
transaction request to the Bitcoin network in accordance with the instructions you provide via the Services.

To increase the security of your bitcoins storage at Xapo, Xapo has designed high-level security measures to
the Services.
For that reason, Xapo bitcoin sending addresses are not designed to receive bitcoin for Xapo
users.
Therefore, Xapo cannot and does not guarantee that any bitcoin transaction reversed by a third party,
and/or bitcoins sent directly to any Xapo sending address, shall be received by the Xapo user intended to
receive such reversed transaction or bitcoins sent.

11.6.
Bitcoin Transactions.
Transmission Delays. Xapo Services
include several security measures and layers to increase the security of your bitcoins storage at Xapo.
For
this reason, transaction(s) to a bitcoin address outside Xapo for a significant amount of bitcoins, may take
longer than a standard transaction(s) of bitcoin.
You acknowledge and agree that a transaction(s) to a bitcoin
address outside of Xapo system for a significant amount of bitcoins may be delayed.

Before processing any transaction(s), Xapo reserves the right to take necessary time for the purpose of
verifying your identity, verifying your activity and conducting security and other internal procedures in
relation to your Xapo Account.

11.7.
Wallet Address and Private Key. When you create an Xapo
Account as an individual or Entity, the Services generate and store a cryptographic private and public key
pair that you may use to send and receive bitcoins via the Bitcoin network.
The public key generated by the
Services serves as your bitcoin wallet address, and may be shared with the Bitcoin network and with others to
complete bitcoin transactions.
The private key uniquely matches the wallet address and must be used in
connection with the wallet address to authorize the transfer of bitcoin from or to that wallet address.


11.8.
Custody of Bitcoins. Xapo is a custodian of any bitcoins
transferred to a Xapo Wallet or Xapo Vault.
Xapo does not obtain any legal or beneficial right, title or
interest in your bitcoins that you store in your Wallet and Vault.
Please note, however, that Xapo may give
you a small amount of bits in connection with your creation of an account with Xapo (bits are a fractional
amount of bitcoins equal to 0.000001 of one bitcoin), but unless and until you have verified your identity
with Xapo, you will not have a legal or beneficial right to these bits from Xapo and may be restricted in your
ability to utilize the Xapo Services.
Once you have verified your identity with Xapo and Xapo has determined
that your use of the Xapo Services complies with applicable laws, these will become your bits and Xapo will no
longer have any legal or beneficial right to these bits.


11.9.
Unacceptable Use or Conduct. You will not:


violate any law, regulation, contract, intellectual property or other third-party right, or commit a tort
while using the Services;
use the Services in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect Xapo or other Xapo users, or inhibit other users from fully enjoying the Services, or that could harm Xapo or damage, disable, overburden, or impair the functioning of the Services in any manner;
use the Services in a manner that could damage or harm Xapo, taking unlawful benefits as an outcome of a fraudulent transaction behavior;
use the Services to pay for, support, or otherwise engage in any illegal gambling activities, fraud,
money-laundering, or terrorist activities, or other illegal activities;
use any robot, spider, crawler, scraper, or other automated means or interface not provided by Xapo to
access the Services or to extract data;
use or attempt to use another user’s Xapo Account without authorization;
attempt to circumvent any content filtering techniques Xapo employs, or attempt to access any service or
area of the Services that you are not authorized to access;
introduce to the Services any malware, virus, trojan worms, logic bombs, or other harmful material;
develop any third-party applications that interact with our Services without our prior written consent, or
unless otherwise agreed;
provide false, inaccurate, or misleading information;
post content or communications that are, in our sole discretion, libelous, defamatory, profane, obscene,
pornographic, sexually explicit, indecent, lewd, vulgar, suggestive, harassing, hateful, threatening,
offensive, discriminatory, bigoted, abusive, inflammatory, fraudulent, deceptive or otherwise objectionable.

post content containing unsolicited promotions, political campaigning, or commercial messages (SPAM) or
any chain messages or user content designed to deceive or trick the user of the Service;
post content containing private information of any third-party including, but not limited to, addresses,
phone numbers, email addresses, Social Security numbers and credit card numbers;
or encourage or induce any third party to engage in any of the activities prohibited under this Section
11.9.

If you are suspended or blocked by Xapo from accessing or using the Xapo Services (including by blocking your
IP address), you agree not to implement any measures to circumvent such blocking (e.g., by masking your IP
address or using a proxy IP address).
Use of our Services in connection with any transaction involving illegal
actions, products or services is prohibited.
Xapo reserves the right to temporarily or permanently suspend or
block your Xapo Account or otherwise restrict your use of the Xapo Services if any violation of this Section
11.9 occurs.

11.10.
Authorized Uses of Our Services. You are permitted to use our Services, only as we have authorized.
You are responsible for ensuring that the information in your Xapo Account profile is current and correct, including, as applicable, your Entity business address, your Entity business phone number, your email address, and mobile phone number.
You are also responsible for maintaining adequate security, control and confidentiality of your Xapo Account information, including any personal identification numbers (PINs), passwords, API keys or other codes associated with your Xapo Account and any activity occurring within that Xapo Account.
If you are an Entity, you are responsible for ensuring that only authorized persons use the Services on your behalf, and you agree that each such authorized person must register and obtain individual Xapo Account access credentials.
The loss or compromise of this Xapo Account information may result in unauthorized access of your Xapo Account, which may result in loss or theft of any bitcoins held in your Xapo Account.
If you believe your Xapo Account has been compromised, need to report a security incident, experience any operational problems, or have a security concern, please contact us describing the issue at hand as thoroughly as possible including the date, type of problem and part of the Xapo Services where you experienced that problem.
You are responsible for (i) immediately notifying us of any unauthorized use of your password or Xapo Account or any other breach of security, and (ii) ensuring that you exit from your Xapo Account at the end of each session when accessing the Xapo Services.
We have no responsibility for any loss that you suffer as a result of failing to comply with the provisions of these Terms or your failure to follow or act on any notices or alerts that we may send to you.


11.11.
Using SMS/Text. To use the Xapo Services, whether as an
individual account holder or a person authorized on behalf of an Entity account holder, you must provide a
valid mobile phone number.
This number is used as part of the authentication process.
As part of using the
Xapo Services, you are agreeing to receive SMS/text messages from us.
Please note that while we do not charge
you for SMS/text messages, your mobile carrier’s standard messaging rates will apply.
Failure to provide a
valid mobile phone number may result in restriction of your use of the Xapo Services.
If Xapo suspects that
your mobile number is invalid or that you are using a VOIP service to circumvent the requirement to provide a
valid mobile phone number, Xapo may suspend or otherwise restrict your use of the Xapo Services.


11.12.
Export Controls. The Xapo Services may be subject to export
control regulations under applicable law.
By using the Xapo Services you represent that you are not an
individual or Entity that is, or an Entity owned or controlled by persons or entities that are, (i) the
subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S.
Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign
Assets Control, the U.S.
Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, or any other governmental
authority with jurisdiction over Xapo or the Xapo Services.
(ii) identified on the Denied Persons, Entity, or
Unverified Lists of the U.S.
Department of Commerce’s Bureau of Industry and Security.
or (iii) located,
organized or resident in a country or territory that is, or whose government is, the subject of U.S.
economic
sanctions, including, without limitation, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, or Syria.
You further represent that
you will not use the Xapo Services to conduct any transaction with or on behalf of any person or Entity listed
in clauses (i) through (iii) above or otherwise in violation of law.
Xapo may cease to provide the Xapo
Services to you for any reason, and with no notice, if it determines that you have violated any of the above
representations.
You understand and consent that Xapo may be legally required to detain, to deny your access
to, and to report to one or more governmental authorities, such of your property or property interests as are
in Xapo’s possession or control in the event of certain sanctions imposing these obligations.
These
representations, covenants, and obligations are continuing and you agree to notify Xapo immediately in writing
if your status under any of the above covenants changes.


11.13.
OTC Transactions. OTC Transactions shall be conducted by Xapo
and you in accordance to industry custom and practice, which means industry standards, practices, methods and
procedures conforming to the applicable laws and regulations, and the exercise of the degree of skill and
care, diligence, prudence and foresight which would reasonably and ordinarily be expected from a skilled and
experienced person or body engaged within the cryptocurrency industry and business sector.

Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with the OTC Transaction entered into
thereunder, including any question regarding its existence, validity, invalidity or any breach or termination
thereof, shall be settled in accordance with Section 22 of these Terms.
The Xapo address provided in these
Terms shall be deemed to be the place of performance of all obligations arising under the Agreement and the
OTC Transactions entered into hereunder.

11.14.
Negative Balance. You undertake to always have a zero or positive balance in your Xapo Account.
If for whatever reason your Xapo Account goes into a negative balance, you agree to repay the negative balance immediately without any notice from us by adding funds to your Xapo Account, otherwise your failure to do so shall constitute a breach of these Terms.

Repayment of the negative balance is due immediately without notice.
During such a period when the Xapo Account has a negative balance and until you make the required payment, Xapo reserves the right to block your Xapo Account and suspend your access to and/or use of our Services.
You authorize Xapo, in its sole discretion, to debit your other payment methods that you have made available to us, including from other balances held in your Xapo Account or other linked accounts, in any amount necessary to remedy a negative balance.
Without prejudice to our right to set-off in these Terms, if you fail to remedy a negative balance we may send you reminders or take such other reasonable actions to recover the negative balance from you, for example, we may use our right to set-off, a debt collection service or take further legal actions.
We will charge you for any costs we may incur as a result of these additional collection efforts.
#
12.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
12.1.
Ownership of Intellectual Property Rights. We and our licensors retain all right, title, and interest (including all copyright, trademark, patent, trade secrets, and all other intellectual property rights) in our Services and all content on our Services, including our trademarks, service marks, designs, logos, URLs, and trade names that are displayed on our Service, which we refer to in these Terms, collectively, as the “Xapo Materials”.
We hereby grant you a limited, nonexclusive, and non-sublicensable license to access and use the Xapo Materials for your personal or internal business use.
Such license is subject to these Terms and does not permit any resale of the Xapo Materials.
the distribution, public performance or public display of any Xapo Materials.
modifying or otherwise making any derivative uses of the Xapo Materials, or any portion thereof.
or any use of the Xapo Materials other than for their intended purposes.
The license granted under this Section 12 will automatically terminate if we suspend or terminate your access to the Services.
We will own exclusive rights, including all intellectual property rights, to any feedback, suggestions, ideas or other information or materials regarding Xapo or our Services that you provide, whether by email, posting through our Services or otherwise, which we refer to in these Terms as Feedback.
Any Feedback you submit is non-confidential and will become the sole property of Xapo.
We will be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of such Feedback for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you.
You may not use, copy or retransmit anything on our website or mobile apps without our permission.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted herein.


12.2.
Trademarks. Xapo and the Xapo logo are Xapo’s or our
licensor’s trademarks, registered trademarks or service marks.
Any other trademarks mentioned in our website
or mobile apps are the property of their respective owners.


12.3.
Feedback. You may voluntarily post, submit or otherwise
communicate to us any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, original or creative materials or other
information about Xapo or our Services (collectively, “Feedback”).
You understand that we may use such
Feedback for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you, including,
without limitation, to develop, copy, publish, or improve the Feedback in Xapo’s sole discretion.
You
understand that Xapo may treat Feedback as non-confidential.

#
13.
THIRD-PARTY CONTENT We may provide information about third-party products, services, activities or events, or we may allow third
parties to make their content and information available on or through the Services (collectively, “Third-Party
Content”).
We provide Third-Party Content as a service to those interested in such content.
Your dealings or
correspondence with third parties and your use of or interaction with any Third-Party Content are solely
between you and the third party.
Xapo does not control or endorse, and makes no representations or warranties
regarding, any Third-Party Content, and your access to and use of such Third-Party Content is at your own
risk.
#
14.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES OUR SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITH NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.
Your use of our Services is at your sole
risk.
We and our licensors, service providers or subcontractors (if any) make no representations or warranties
about the suitability of the information, software, products and services contained in our Services for any
purpose or their compliance with any accounting rules, principles or laws, and expressly disclaim any
representation or warranty that the Services will be free from errors, viruses or other harmful components,
that communications to or from the Services will be secure and not intercepted, that the Services and other
capabilities offered from the Services will be uninterrupted, or that their content will be accurate, complete
or timely.
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED IN THESE TERMS, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS,
IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT,
MERCHANTABILITY, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE NOT ENTERED INTO THIS
AGREEMENT IN RELIANCE UPON ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION EXCEPT THOSE SPECIFICALLY SET FORTH IN THESE TERMS.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of implied terms in contracts with consumers, so some or all of
the disclaimers in this Section 14 may not apply to you.
#15.
NO ADVICE Xapo is not acting and cannot act as an advisor, including as to any financial, legal, investment, insurance
and/or tax matters.
Any information provided by Xapo is for general information only.
You are solely
responsible for determining whether any contemplated transaction is appropriate for you.
#
16.
COMPLIANCE WITH LAW.
TAXES You are responsible for complying with all applicable laws related to your activities and other use of the
Services, including without limitation any reporting obligations and payment of all applicable taxes.
#17.
INDEMNIFICATION You agree to indemnify, defend and hold us, our employees, agents, consultants, subsidiaries, partners,
affiliates, and licensors, harmless against any and all claims, costs, losses, damages, liabilities, judgments
and expenses (including reasonable fees of attorneys and other professionals) arising from or in any way
related to your use of our Services, your violation of these Terms, or your violation of any rights of any
other person or Entity.
#
18.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IN NO EVENT WILL WE, OUR LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS OR SUBCONTRACTORS (IF ANY) BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT,
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF
USE, LOSS OF DATA OR LOSS OF GOODWILL), ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OF USE, OR THE
PERFORMANCE OR OPERATION OF OUR SERVICES, YOUR ACCESS TO, DISPLAY OF, USE OF THE SERVICES, OR WITH DELAY OR
INABILITY TO ACCESS, DISPLAY OR USE THE SERVICES, ANY COMPUTER VIRUSES, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, LINKED SITES,
PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THE SERVICES, OR THE ACT OR OMISSION OF ANY BUSINESS USING OUR SERVICES
OR OTHER THIRD PARTY, WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY ARISES FROM ANY CLAIM BASED UPON BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF
WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT WE, OUR LICENSORS,
SERVICE PROVIDERS OR SUBCONTRACTORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
In no event will the aggregate liability of Xapo, our licensors, service providers, or subcontractors for any
loss or damage that arises out of, or is connected with, any of the occurrences described above exceed the
greater of $100 or the service fees that you paid to us for the service we provide through the Services during
the month during which the incident occurred.
The limitation of liability reflects the allocation of risk
between the parties.
The limitations specified in this Section 18 will survive and apply even if any limited
remedy specified in these Terms is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
The limitations of liability
provided in these Terms inure to the benefit of us, our licensors, service providers and subcontractors.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW CERTAIN WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS OR LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY.
ONLY DISCLAIMERS OR
LIMITATIONS THAT ARE LAWFUL IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION WILL APPLY TO YOU AND OUR LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
#19.
RELEASE To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you release Xapo from responsibility, liability, claims,
demands and/or damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown (including, but
not limited to, claims of negligence), arising out of or related to disputes between users and the acts or
omissions of third parties.
#
20.
TRANSFER AND PROCESSING DATA In order for us to provide our Services, you agree that we may process, transfer and store information about
you in other countries, where you may not have the same rights and protections as you do under local law.
#21.
SEVERABILITY If, for any reason, a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of these Terms invalid or
unenforceable, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the other provisions of
these Terms will remain in full force and effect.
#22.
ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES
AND GOVERNING LAW PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PARAGRAPH CAREFULLY BECAUSE IT REQUIRES YOU TO ARBITRATE DISPUTES WITH US AND IT
LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH YOU CAN SEEK RELIEF.
You and Xapo agree to arbitrate any dispute arising from these Terms or your use of our Services, except for
disputes in which either party seeks equitable and other relief for the alleged unlawful use of copyrights,
trademarks, trade names, logos, trade secrets, or patents.
ARBITRATION PREVENTS YOU FROM SUING IN COURT OR
FROM HAVING A JURY TRIAL.
You and Xapo agree to notify each other in writing of any dispute within thirty (30)
days of when it arises.
Notice to Xapo shall be sent to legal@xapo.com.
You and Xapo further agree: (a) to
attempt informal resolution prior to any demand for arbitration.
(b) that any arbitration will occur in Hong
Kong.
(c) that arbitration will be conducted confidentially by a single arbitrator in accordance with the rules
of the Arbitration Ordinance 2011 of Hong Kong.
and (d) that the courts in Hong Kong have exclusive
jurisdiction over any appeals of an arbitration award and over any suit between the parties not subject to
arbitration.
Other than class procedures and remedies discussed below, the arbitrator has the authority to
grant any remedy that would otherwise be available in court.
Any dispute between the parties will be governed
by these Terms and the laws of Hong Kong.
WHETHER THE DISPUTE IS HEARD IN ARBITRATION OR IN COURT, YOU AND XAPO WILL NOT COMMENCE AGAINST THE OTHER A
CLASS ACTION, CLASS ARBITRATION OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING.
The arbitrator, Xapo, and you will maintain the confidentiality of any arbitration proceedings, judgments and
awards, including, but not limited to, all information gathered, prepared and presented for purposes of the
arbitration or related to the dispute(s) therein.
The arbitrator will have the authority to make appropriate
rulings to safeguard confidentiality, unless the law provides to the contrary.
The duty of confidentiality
does not apply to the extent that disclosure is necessary to prepare for or conduct the arbitration hearing on
the merits, in connection with a court application for a preliminary remedy or in connection with a judicial
challenge to an arbitration award or its enforcement, or to the extent that disclosure is otherwise required
by law or judicial decision.
Any claim arising out of or related to these Terms or our Services must be filed within one (1) year after
such claim arose.
otherwise, the claim is permanently barred, which means that you and Xapo will not have the
right to assert the claim.
If any portion of this Section 22 is found to be unenforceable or unlawful for any reason, (a) the
unenforceable or unlawful provision shall be severed from these Terms.
(b) severance of the unenforceable or
unlawful provision shall have no impact whatsoever on the remainder of this Section 22 or the parties’ ability
to compel arbitration of any remaining claims on an individual basis pursuant to this Section 22.
and (c) to
the extent that any claims must therefore proceed on a class, collective, consolidated, or representative
basis, such claims must be litigated in a civil court of competent jurisdiction and not in arbitration, and
the parties agree that litigation of those claims shall be stayed pending the outcome of any individual claims
in arbitration.
Further, if any part of this Section 22 is found to prohibit an individual claim seeking
public injunctive relief, that provision will have no effect to the extent such relief is allowed to be sought
out of arbitration, and the remainder of this Section 22 will be enforceable.
#23.
INACTIVE ACCOUNTS.
DEATH OF ACCOUNT OWNER 
23.1.
Inactive and Non-Responsive Accounts. After a given
period of inactivity or non-responsiveness by you with respect to your Xapo Account, Xapo may require you to take action in order to activate your account or withdraw your funds in order to close your account, or may be required to report and/or remit any
bitcoins it is holding in custody for you in accordance with applicable laws.Xapo reserves the right to deduct
a dormancy fee or other administrative charges from such inactive or non-responsive account, and to charge one-time and/or recurring fees such as services fees, maintenance fees, closing fees and penalty fees in connection with the lack of response to Xapo notices when an action from you is required with reasonable prior notice.


23.2.
Death Of Account Owner. In the event that a Xapo Account owner dies or is otherwise incapacitated, Xapo will cooperate with duly authorized representatives in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
Upon notice of the death of a Xapo Account owner, Xapo will suspend activity in such Xapo Account, pending verification or resolution of such notice.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Xapo reserves the right to require that the recipient or ultimate beneficiary of any transfer of Digital Currency from a Xapo Account (a) provides evidence reasonably satisfactory to Xapo that demonstrates entitlement to a transfer.
(b) complies with the Identity Requirement provisions set forth in Section 6 hereof.
(c) indemnifies and holds Xapo harmless to the extent and in the form required by Xapo, including, but not limited to, claims of negligence.
and (d) provides Xapo with any other information, evidence, documentation, confirmation or any other details or verification that we may reasonably require in order to allow us to process such a request.

#24.
NO WAIVER Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not constitute a waiver of that
right or provision.
#
25.
ASSIGNMENT.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT  Xapo may assign these Terms to its parent company, affiliate or subsidiary, or in
connection with a merger, consolidation, or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of its
assets.
These Terms, together with any other agreements that apply to you
constitutes the entire and exclusive agreement between us and you regarding its subject matter, and supersede
and replace any previous or contemporaneous written or oral contract, warranty, representation or
understanding regarding its subject matter.


Xapo Limited 6th Floor
Alexandra House 18 Chater
Road Central Hong Kong


