
         Privacy Policy Overview Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
is firmly committed to the privacy of its members.
Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
works hard to earn and keep your trust, so it adheres to the following principles to protect your privacy:

Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
does not rent or sell your personally identifiable information to third parties.
Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
does not share your contact information with other users or third parties without your consent.
Any personally identifiable information that you provide to Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
will be secured with industry standard protocols and technology.
 Information Collection Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
is an online marketplace that connects businesses with freelancers.
When you visit Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
you provide two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected by Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
and Web Site use information collected by Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
as you interact with the Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
web site.
When you register with Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
as a user (Freelancer or as an Employer), you provide certain personal information, including, your name, your email address and your address.
Additionally, when you establish your profile as a user (Freelancer or as an Employer) you will provide information relating to your skills, experience, certificates, skills ,awards .
Such information does not identify the specificity of the individual member.
Freelancers are not required to, but have the option to display their contact information (i.e.
name, address, phone number, email address, etc.) to Employers who conduct searches of the Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
database.
When you enter the Website, Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
collects your IP address.
This information is gathered for all Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
visitors.
In addition, Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
stores certain information from your browser using "cookies." A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user.
Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
uses session ID cookies to confirm that users are logged in.
These cookies terminate once the user closes the browser.
By default, Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
uses a persistent cookie that stores your login ID (but not your password) to make it easier for you to login when you return to the Website.
Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
members must have cookies enabled on their browser.
Note, Cookie preferences are set within each browser's Internet options/preferences.
Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
is the sole owner of the information collected through the Website. Information Use Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
will not sell or rent any collected information to third parties.Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
will not share your contact information with other users or third parties except in connection with possible employment and with your express consent.
All registered Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
members click the "I AGREE" checkbox on the registration form to agree to the Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Accordingly, all registered users agree that certain profile information is accessible to other registered users.
Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
records IP addresses for system administration purposes.
This information is used to diagnose server problems, monitor traffic patterns, analyze trends, administer the website, track member user patterns, and identify the most popular areas of the website to deliver content most relevant to registered members.
IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information and are only used to gather broad demographic information for aggregate use, except in the case of fraud.
Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
reserves the right to share aggregated demographic information with its partners and/or advertisers, such information will not be linked to personal information that identifies registered users, except in the case of fraud. Security Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
takes industry standard protocols and technology to protect registered user information.
Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
also protects registered user information offline.
All registered user information is restricted within our offices.
Servers used to store personally identifiable information are housed in a secure, supervised environment.
In addition, only Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
employees who need specific information to perform a task are granted access to personally identifiable information. Mandatory Communications Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
sends all newly registered users a welcome email to verify their email addresses.
At times, Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
sends service announcements to its registered users (Employers and Freelancers).
Registered Users cannot unsubscribe from service announcements that discuss upcoming changes that affect their Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
accounts. Choice/Opt-out Upon registration, users can opt-out of Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.'s option communications.
Additionally, registered users can, at any time, modify their Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
email (service announcement) preferences by updating their account information. Notification of Changes Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
reserves the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently.
If Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
alters its Privacy Policy, it will promptly post all changes in the Employer and Freelancer Announcement areas.
By continuing to use Xavio Infotech (P) Ltd.
after changes have been made to this policy, you are consenting to the changes.
Cookie Policy for Xavio Infotech Private Limited This is the Cookie Policy for Xavio Infotech Private Limited, accessible from https://www.xavio.in/privacy

What Are Cookies

As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience.
This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies.
We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the sites functionality.
For more general information on cookies, please read "What Are Cookies".

How We Use Cookies

We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below.
Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site.
It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.

Disabling Cookies

You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this).
Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit.
Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site.
Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.

The Cookies We Set



Account related cookies
If you create an account with us then we will use cookies for the management of the signup process and general administration.
These cookies will usually be deleted when you log out however in some cases they may remain afterwards to remember your site preferences when logged out.


Login related cookies
We use cookies when you are logged in so that we can remember this fact.
This prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page.
These cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log out to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged in.


Email newsletters related cookies
This site offers newsletter or email subscription services and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users.



Third Party Cookies

In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties.
The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.


This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience.
These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.


We also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways.
For these to work the following social media sites including.
{List the social networks whose features you have integrated with your site?:12}, will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.



More Information

Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren't sure whether you need or not it's usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site.
However if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us through one of our preferred contact methods:

You can email us at: contact@xavio.in

