
         Cookie Policy Effective as of June 3rd, 2019 (the "Effective Date").
XE.com, XE currency mobile application and the XE travel mobile application Cookie Notice

This Cookie Notice applies to XE.com, Inc.
(“XE”, “we”, “our” or “us”), a subsidiary of Euronet Worldwide, Inc.
(“Euronet”).
Further details on Euronet and the companies within the Euronet group (the “Euronet Group”) are available at: http://www.euronetworldwide.com.
The Cookie Notice applies to cookies (as defined below) that are placed and read out on xe.com (the “Website”) and/or the XE currency mobile application or XE travel mobile application (individually and together, the “App”).

 1 - WHAT ARE COOKIES? Cookies and similar technologies such as pixel tags/beacons and scripts (‘cookies’) are small data files which are downloaded onto your device by the website or mobile application which you are visiting.
The next time you visit the same website, cookies ensure that your device is recognised.
By using cookies, this website can save information about visits and visitors.

As described in “XE’S USE OF COOKIES” below, we place some of the cookies on the Website or App ourselves, while other cookies are placed by third parties (such as our advertising services supplier, Exponential Interactive, Inc (“Exponential”) – see “Targeting Cookies”).
Third-party cookies may collect data outside our Website and App as as well.
Cookies cannot view or retrieve data from other cookies, nor can they capture files or data stored on your computer.

Cookies can be utilised to make visiting a website more personal, by, for instance:

displaying relevant navigation settings;
remembering visitors’ preferences;
improving the overall user experience;
limiting the number of advertisements shown.

Generally, cookies can be disabled and the “help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
If you would like to use or access a website, you may do so without accepting all cookies.
However, as described in “XE’S USE OF COOKIES” below, you should understand that if you choose not to accept cookies, some services that may be offered through a website may not function properly or optimally, you will not be permitted to access certain secured areas or there may be other effects on your browsing experience. Top ▲ 2 - XE’S USE OF COOKIES The cookies placed and read out on the Website and App are categorised below.

As “strictly necessary” cookies are required for the operation of the Website and App they are automatically enabled on the Website and App.
For the other categories of cookies, the Website and App uses a cookie consent manager through which you can provide your opt-in consent to the relevant cookie category.Customize your cookies settings on the Website.
Strictly necessary cookies
Strictly necessary cookies are required for the operation of the Website or App and accordingly are automatically enabled.
They are usually only set in response to actions you make on the Website or App, such as selecting privacy settings, logging into an account, or requesting services.

These cookies do not remember where you’ve been on the internet or use or store any personally identifiable information.
If you manually block or delete these types of cookies, sections of the Website or App will not function properly and XE may not be able to provide technical support / solutions to users of the Website or App.
Examples:

cookietest
CONSENTMGR
utag_main
SXEAUTHSESSID
SESS1fe032c5…
SSESS1fe032c…
SSESSdc5…
 Preference cookies
If you have accepted these cookies through our cookie consent manager, preference cookies are set when you make preference settings changes on the Website or App and they allow for your changes to be saved for a tailored and better experience for you.
These include settings such as showing the inverse currency conversion, language preference, and preferred currencies.
These cookies do not remember where you’ve been on the internet or use or store any personally identifiable information.
If you don’t opt-in to these cookies, you may experience inconsistent site behaviour, requiring you to make repetitive changes and the Website or App will behave as if it is your first time visit, every time you visit.
Examples:

fromCurrencies
toCurrencies
language
full
customizeCurrency
site_switch
xedata/cn
xedata/xemt_region
xedata/show_inverse
xedata/rates_refresh
xedata/notification_crossrates
xedata/notification_statscard
xedata/convert_refresh
 Analytics cookies
If you have accepted these cookies through our cookie consent manager, analytics cookies help us offer you a better user experience, allow us to count visits and determine where users are coming from.
These cookies help us make choices of how we improve the performance of our Website and App when we make changes and updates.
They also let us know what pages and screens are popular and most useful for our users.
The information collected by these cookies is aggregated, so we are not able to track or identify individual users.
If you don’t opt-in to these cookies, the way you use our Website or App won’t be collected and it becomes more difficult for us to create aggregate reports and identify performance enhancements.
Examples:

HiFX_DfxId
DTM Production Library (Adobe)
xe-xemt Google Analytics (Google)
SurveyMonkey (SurveyMonkey)
Alexa (Alexa)
MouseFlow (MouseFlow)
AnalyticsImg (Google)
__utmmobile (Google)
 Targeting cookies
If you have accepted these cookies through our cookie consent manager, targeting cookies are used by XE and advertising / marketing partners for targeted advertising and marketing purposes.
Targetting cookies are used by our advertising partner Exponential (http://exponential.com/en-gb/privacy/) and Exponential’s advertising partners to provide information on how users use our services and provide a view into how a user comes to register for those services.
These advertising partners may collect and use this information, through a cookie which has an anonymous hashed id which links the user’s browser to information which contains the behaviour the user has displayed, to build a profile based on the user’s interests to serve more relevant advertising content.
Examples:

ANON_ID (Exponential’s tribalfusion.com cookie)
xeid
HiFX_ClientAffiliate
xedata/xecd_proceed
xedata/xeid_class
xedata/campid
xedata/gclid
xedata/XECD_UUID
Create_RAF_Cookie (GetAmbassador)
GTM1-Amba-uk (GetAmbassador)
GTM2-Payments.xe.com-UGA
GTM3-xe.com-UGA
HOME - DoubleClick - Corp over 2m Reg XE Remarketing - DCM Floodlight (DoubleClick)
_fbp (Facebook)
 Top ▲ 3 - HOW TO CONTROL COOKIES In addition to the cookie consent manager on our Website and App, you can control and/or delete cookies through your browser – for details, see aboutcookies.org.
Generally, you may delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed.
If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit our Website or App and some services and functionalities may not work.
As noted above, please remember that if you adjust the cookie settings for the Website or the App you may not be able to correctly or optimally use some parts of the Website or App afterwards.
If you’ve disabled one or more cookie categories, we may still use information collected from existing cookies, but we’ll stop using the disabled cookies to gather any further information. Top ▲ 4 - MORE ABOUT COOKIES 

‘Your Online Choices’ (www.youronlinechoices.com) is a website offered by the internet advertising industry which contains information about ‘behavioural advertising’ and ‘online privacy’.


If this cookie notice or the categories of cookies placed change, we place the updated version on the Website and App. Top ▲ 
      