
         DE 




 Straight 


 Gay 


 Transgender 








Videos 


Photos 


Users 






 EN 
 Language: English 


Čeština
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
Nederlands
Polski
Português
Română
Русский
Svenska
日本語


 Location: Germany 

Select country to see content preferences for this location



Afghanistan


Albania


Aland Islands


Algeria


American Samoa


Andorra


Angola


Anguilla


Antarctica


Antigua and Barbuda


Argentina


Armenia


Aruba


Asia/Pacific Region


Australia


Austria


Azerbaijan


Bahamas


Bahrain


Bangladesh


Barbados


Belarus


Belgium


Belize


Benin


Bermuda


Bhutan


Bolivia


Bonaire


Bosnia and Herzegovina


Botswana


Bouvet Island


Brazil


British Indian Ocean Territory


British Virgin Islands


Brunei Darussalam


Bulgaria


Burkina Faso


Burundi


Cambodia


Cameroon


Canada


Cape Verde Islands


Cayman Islands


Central African Republic


Chad


Chile


China


Christmas Island


Cocos Keeling Islands


Colombia


Comoros


Congo, Democratic Republic of


Congo, Republic of


Cook Islands


Costa Rica


Côte d'Ivoire


Croatia


Cuba


Curacao


Cyprus


Czech Republic


Denmark


Djibouti


Dominica


Dominican Republic


East Timor


Ecuador


Egypt


El Salvador


Equatorial Guinea


Eritrea


Estonia


Ethiopia


European Union


Falkland Islands


Faroe Islands


Fiji


Finland


France


French Guiana


French Polynesia


Gabon


Gambia


Georgia


Germany


Ghana


Gibraltar


Greece


Greenland


Grenada


Guadeloupe


Guam


Guatemala


Guernsey


Guinea


Guinea-Bissau


Guyana


Haiti


Honduras


Heard Island and McDonald Islands


Hong Kong


Hungary


Iceland


India


Indonesia


Iran


Iraq


Ireland


Isle of Man


Israel


Italy


Jamaica


Japan


Jersey


Jordan


Kazakhstan


Kenya


Kiribati


Korea, the Republic of


Kuwait


Kyrgyzstan


Laos


Latvia


Lebanon


Lesotho


Liberia


Libya


Liechtenstein


Lithuania


Luxembourg


Macau


Madagascar


Malawi


Malaysia


Maldives


Mali


Malta


Marshall Islands


Martinique


Mauritania


Mauritius


Mayotte Island


Mexico


Micronesia


Moldova


Monaco


Mongolia


Montenegro


Montserrat


Morocco


Mozambique


Myanmar


Namibia


Nauru


Nepal


Netherlands


Netherlands Antilles


New Caledonia


New Zealand


Nicaragua


Niger


Nigeria


Niue


Norfolk Island


North Korea


North Macedonia


Northern Mariana Islands


Norway


Oman


Oriya


Pakistan


Palau


Palestine


Panama


Papua New Guinea


Paraguay


Peru


Philippines


Pitcairn Island


Poland


Portugal


Puerto Rico


Qatar


Republic of Kosovo


Reunion Island


Romania


Russian Federation


Rwanda


Saint Barthelemy


Saint Helena


Saint Kitts and Nevis


Saint Lucia


Saint Martin


Saint Pierre and Miquelon


Saint Vincent and the Grenadines


San Marino


Sao Tome and Principe


Saudi Arabia


Senegal


Serbia


Seychelles


Sierra Leone


Singapore


Sint Maarten


Slovak Republic


Slovenia


Solomon Islands


Somalia


South Africa


South Georgia


South Sudan


French Southern Territories


Spain


Sri Lanka


Sudan


Suriname


Svalbard


Swaziland


Sweden


Switzerland


Syria


Taiwan


Tajikistan


Tanzania


Thailand


Togo


Tokelau


Tonga Islands


Trinidad and Tobago


Tunisia


Turkey


Turkmenistan


Turks and Caicos Islands


Tuvalu


Uganda


Ukraine


United Arab Emirates


United Kingdom


United States


United States Minor Outlying Islands


Uruguay


US Virgin Islands


Uzbekistan


Vanuatu


Vatican City


Venezuela


Vietnam


Wallis And Futuna


Western Sahara


Western Samoa


Yemen


Zambia


Zimbabwe
Nothing found
 Login Sign up Sign in with Google Remember me Forgot password 
 Videos 


 Best Videos 


 Recommended 


 Watch History 


 German 
 Amateur 
 Mature 
 Old &amp.
Young 
 Lesbian 


All categories


 0 
 Live Sex 
Girls
Couples
 Best for Privates 
Interactive Toys
Mobile Chat with xHamsterLive girls now! More Girls



 Pornstars 


 Pornstars


 Celebrities


 xHamster Creators


 Contest


 Channels 
 Photos 
Mature
Teen (18+)
Cartoon
BBW
Celebrity


 Dating 
 FapHouse 




 Subscriptions 
 Dating 
 FapHouse 






 Upload 






 Privacy Policy Effective Date: June 05, 2021 
Last Modified: April 02, 2021
Hammy Media Ltd is the publisher and operator (referred to as the "Company", "we", "our" or "us") of the xHamster website(s), https://xhamster.com/ and its subdomain https://partners.xhamster.com/ (referred to as the "Website").
The Company is committed to protecting your privacy and handling your personal data in an open and transparent manner.
The personal data that we collect and process will vary depending on how you use the Website.
This privacy policy: 
provides an overview of how the Company collects and processes your personal data and tells you about your rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR").

is directed to natural persons who are: (a) visitors of the Website (referred to in this privacy policy as "Browsers"), and (b) individuals who have registered as members of the Website by creating their own account (referred to in this Website as "Members") and (c) individuals who have registered as a partner of the Website (referred to in this Website as "Partners").
Browsers, Members and Partners must be aged eighteen (18) years and over or must have attained the age of majority in their respective jurisdiction.
All persons who do not meet these criteria are strictly forbidden from accessing or viewing the contents of the Website.
We do not knowingly seek or collect any personal information from persons who have not attained the age of eighteen (18).

 For the purposes of this privacy policy: 
when we refer to "personal data" or "personal information" we mean data which identifies or may identify you and which may include, for instance, your email or IP address.

when we refer to "processing" we mean the handling of your personal data by us, including collecting, protecting and storing your personal data.
and 
when we refer to "sensitive data" we mean personal data which may reveal information about racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, trade union activities, physical or mental health, sexual life, genetic or biometric data.



 1.
Who we are Hammy Media Ltd is a limited liability company, registered in the Republic of Cyprus under registration number HE 256933, having its registered office at 79 Spyrou Kyprianou, Protopapas Building, 2nd floor, Flat 201, 3076, Limassol, Cyprus.
If you have any questions, comments and/or requests regarding this privacy policy or wish to obtain more details in relation to the personal data we process about you, please contact us by sending an email to help@xhamster.com.

 2.
How we collect your personal data We obtain your personal data mainly through any information you provide directly to us through our Website.
Below is a list of ways we collect your personal data: 
when you visit and/or use our Website;
when you complete our registration form,
when you post materials or upload content;
when you take part in surveys or report a problem with our Website.
or
when you contact with us via email, post or other ways of communication.


 3.
If you fail to provide personal data Where we need to collect and process your personal data in order to provide you with our services and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to provide you with access to our Website and/or the services we offer.
In this case, we may have to suspend your access to the Website or, if you are a Member, prohibit any access to non-public areas of the Website or restrict the operation of your account and the services we provide to you.

 4.
Personal data that we collect and process We will collect different categories of personal data from you depending on your level of interaction with our Website.
We will limit the collection and processing of information to information necessary to achieve one or more of our legitimate purposes as identified in this privacy policy.

 Personal data we collect and process from Browsers 

Technical Data, including your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, smart device information, mobile phone network information, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this Website.


Usage Data, including your communication preferences and information about how you use our Website including the services you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length and number of visits and page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks and mouse-overs) as well as the links you clicked on or used.
To learn more about our use of cookies or similar technology, please check our cookie policy https://xhamster.com/info/cookie-policy .


User Submitted Data, including data collected for a specific function, for instance a contest or a survey.
and 

Consents, including any permissions, consents or preferences that you give to the Website.



 Personal data we collect and process from Members 
 All personal data we collect from Browsers, set out in paragraph 4(a) above.


Identity and Contact Data, including username or similar identifier, password and email address.
We may also collect a Member's photo or video, if such is uploaded to a Member's profile.


User Submitted Data, including data collected at your discretion for a specific function, for instance your username and password, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses, or any text, images, videos, blog posts, forum comments or other content or media you choose to upload on the Website.


Marketing Data, including preferences in receiving marketing from us and third-parties.
and 

Communications, including information on how and what methods we use in order to communicate with you through electronic and verbal correspondence.



 Personal data we collect and process from Partners 
 Technical Data, including your Internet Protocol (IP) address.

 Identity and Contact Data, including username or similar identifier, password and email address.

 Financial Data, including selected Payment method and Payment Info.

 User Submitted Data, including data collected at your discretion for a specific function, for instance your contact information, address.



 We may also collect, use and share aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data for the purpose of customizing our marketing efforts or the use of our Website.
Aggregated data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity.
For instance, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific Website feature, to generate statistics about our users, to calculate ad impressions served or clicked on, or to publish visitor demographics.
If we combine or connect aggregated data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we will treat the combined data as personal data which shall be used in accordance with this privacy policy.

 5.
Automated personal data collection As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we will automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns.
We collect these data by using cookies and other similar technologies, Please see our cookie policy for further details on https://xhamster.com/info/cookie-policy .

 6.
Why we need your personal data and how we use it We will only use and share your personal information where it is necessary for us to provide you with our lawful services in accordance with this privacy policy.
We would like to ensure that you fully understand why your information may be used.
We will most commonly use your personal data in the following circumstances: 
where we need to perform our services to you, as necessary in accordance with our Website's Terms of Use.

where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.

where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
and/or
where you have given us your consent.
 Below, we describe these circumstances in further detail.

 Performance of our services to you 
 Provision of services (Members Only) We may collect and process your personal data where it is necessary in order to present our Website and its contents to you, including any interactive features on our Website and to provide you with information or services that you request from us.
Please note that if you do not agree to provide us with the requested information, it may not be possible for us to continue to operate your account and/or provide you with the services we provide to our Members.

 Customer management (Members Only) We may collect and process your personal data where it is necessary in order to manage a Member's account, to provide customer support and notices to Members about their account and subscription, including expiration and renewal notices, and notices about changes to our Website or any services we offer or provide through it.



 Legitimate interests 
 Customization of content (Members Only) We may collect and process your personal data where it is necessary in order to perform research and analysis about your use or, or interest in, our Website content and/or services, so as to develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests on our Website.

 Analytics We may collect and process your personal data where it is necessary in order to determine whether users of the Website are unique, or whether the same user is using the Website on multiple occasions, and to monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, pages viewed and demographic patterns.

 Functionality and security We may collect and process your personal data where it is necessary in order to diagnose or fix technology problems, and to detect, prevent and respond to actual or potential fraud, illegal activities, or intellectual property infringement.

 Other legitimate interests In addition to the above, we may process your data, to the extent required for our business needs in order to: 
develop new services on our Website as well as analyze and target new markets;
protect our legal rights and interests (including legal claims and preparing our defense in litigation).

monitor, maintain and improve internal business processes, information and data, technology and communication solutions and services.

ensure network information security, including monitoring Browsers' and Users' access to our information technology for the purpose of preventing cyber-attacks, unauthorized use of Website and prevention or detection of crime.

send you relevant marketing information (including details of other services provided by us which we believe may be of interest to you), but only where you are a Member of the Website.

monitor the performance and effectiveness of our services and the Website.
and
assess the quality of our customer services.




 For compliance with legal obligations When you visit and/or use and/or register in our Website (and throughout your relationship with us), we are required to comply with certain legal and regulatory obligations which may involve the processing of your personal data.
This may include processing to: 
perform checks and comply with laws relating to fraud;
identify other infringements of our Terms of Use.
and
manage contentious regulatory matters, investigations and litigation.


 You have provided your consent We will only ask for your consent when we wish to provide marketing information to you in relation to our services which we believe may be of interest and of benefit to you, but only where you are a Browser.
You have the right to revoke your consent at any time.
However, any processing of personal data prior to the receipt of your revocation will not be affected.



 7.
Who we share your personal data with It is our policy not to use or share personal data about you in ways unrelated to those described in this privacy policy without also providing you with an opportunity to opt out or otherwise object to such unrelated uses.
However, we may disclose personal data about you, or information regarding your use of the services or the Website to third parties for any of the reasons set out hereinabove, or if we are legally required to do so, or if we are authorized under our contractual and statutory obligations.
When we disclose your personal data to service providers, we will ensure that they are bound by a contract requiring them to comply with their GDPR obligations.
Under the circumstances referred to above, recipients of personal data may be, for example: 
members of our corporate group which operate partner websites to the extent this is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy and to enable you to have access to certain features;
service providers;
governmental and regulatory bodies, including law enforcement authorities, in connection with enquiries, proceedings or investigations by such parties or in order to enable the Company to comply with its legal and regulatory requirements.
We specifically reserve the right to disclose any and all information to law enforcement in the event that a crime is committed or suspected or if we are compelled to do so by lawful criminal, civil or administrative process, discovery requests, subpoenas, court orders or writs.

buyers or other legal successors in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our Website Members and Browsers is among the assets transferred.
Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to ensure that the entity to which we transfer your personal data uses it in an manner that is consistent with this privacy policy.
and/or 
legal or other professional consultants.
 We may also disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We also may share aggregated information with third-parties for conducting general business analysis.
This information does not contain any personal data and may be used to develop content and services that we hope you and other users will find of interest.
Please note that we have never sold and will never sell your personal data to third parties.

 8.
Members' Profile Members should be aware that all information directly provided on the Website when they create an account is public and can be viewed by all other Members and Browsers of the Website, unless otherwise stated.
Even if a Member's profile does not contain any personal information, there is a possibility of identification by others through other information on the Member's profile.
Accordingly, Members should understand that they are in control of all of the information they upload on the Website and/or display on their profile and are fully responsible for any consequences arising out of such information.

 9.
Security of your personal data We take appropriate security measures (including physical, electronic and procedural measures) to safeguard your personal data from unauthorized access and disclosure.
For instance, only authorized employees are permitted to access personal data, and they may do so only for permitted business functions.
In addition, we use encryption in the transmission of your personal data between your system and ours, and we use firewalls to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your personal data.
However, please be advised that we cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with the storage and transmission of personal data as we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party hackers from illegally obtaining this information.
You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information at all times.
We are not responsible for circumventions of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.

 10.
Information we transfer Some of our external third parties are based outside the European Economic Area ("EEA") so the processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA.
Whenever we transfer your data outside the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented: 
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission.

Where we use service providers outside the EEA, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in the European Union.

Where we use providers based in the US, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between the European Union and the US.

 We may additionally, in rare occasions, transfer your personal data to a party outside the EEA where we have your prior explicit consent to do so or where such transfer is necessary for the provision of our services to you.

 11.
Marketing information We may process your personal data so as to inform you about existing and/or future services that may be of interest to you by sending you periodic announcements with details on existing and/or new services and/or programs.
You have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data for marketing purposes, by clicking at the opt-out link at the bottom of any marketing emails we send you.
We can only use your personal data to promote our services to you if we have your explicit consent to do so, or in certain cases such as for example when you are a Member of our Website, if we consider that it is in our legitimate interest to do so.
You may also occasionally receive marketing communications from our affiliates, but only provided you have given your explicit consent in receiving such communications.
Even if you inform us that you no longer wish to receive marketing material, you will still receive from us system notices and other information specifically related to your account from time to time.

 12.
How long we keep your personal data for We will only keep your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect of our relationship with you.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Where we no longer need to process your personal data for purposes set out in this privacy policy, we will delete your personal data from our systems.
However, we may keep your data for longer if we cannot delete it for legal, regulatory or technical reasons.
If we do, we will make sure that your privacy is protected and that your data are only used for those purposes.
If you have questions about our data retention practices, please contact us electronically by sending as an email at help@xhamster.com.

 13.
Your data protection rights We want to make sure you are aware of your rights in relation to the personal data we process about you.
We have described those rights and the circumstances in which they apply further below.


Access: This enables you to get access or receive a copy of the personal data that we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.


Correction: If you believe that any of the information that we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you have a right to request that we correct the inaccurate personal information.


Erasure: You may request that we delete your personal information if you believe that: 
we no longer need to process your information for the purposes for which it was provided.

we have requested your permission to process your personal information and you wish to withdraw your consent.
or 
we are not using your information in a lawful manner.
 As a result of deleting your personal information, you will lose access to most of our services.
Grace period: There is a 45 day grace period before we proceed with erasure.
During this Grace Period you will be allowed to restore your account.
The grace period functionality allows you not to lose any important information and options by mistake.
After the expiration of the grace period however, your account will be deleted.


Right to object: You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground.
If you exercise your right to object, we will no longer process your personal data unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedom or for the establishment, exercise and defense of legal claims.
If you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, then we shall stop the processing of your personal data for such purposes.
Depending on the circumstances, we may need to restrict or cease processing your personal data altogether or, where requested, delete your personal data.
Please note that if you object us processing your personal data, we may have to suspend the services we provide to you.


Restriction: You have the right to request the restriction of processing of your personal data.
This enables you to ask us to restrict the processing of your personal data if: 
it is not accurate.
or
it has been used unlawfully but you do not want us to delete it.
or
it is not relevant any more, but you want us to keep it for use in possible legal claims.
or 
you have already asked us to stop using your personal data but you are waiting for us to confirm if we have legitimate grounds to use your personal data.

 Please note that if you request us to restrict processing of your personal data, we may have to suspend the services we provide to you.


Right to portability: Where we have requested your permission to process your personal data or you have provided us with information for the purposes of entering into a contract with us, you have the right to receive the personal data you provided to us in a portable format.
You may also request us to provide it directly to a third party, if technically feasible.
We are not responsible for any such third party's use of your account information, which will be governed by their agreement with you and any privacy statement they provided to you.

 If we ask for your consent to use your personal data, you can withdraw your consent at any time.
Please note that in case of a withdrawal of your consent you may no longer be able to use several functionalities of our Website and our services.
Please note that some requests to delete certain personal data will require the deletion of your account as a Member as the provision of Member accounts is inextricably linked to the use of certain personal data (e.g.
your email address).
Also note that it is possible that we require additional information from you in order to verify your authorization to make the request and to honor your request.
To exercise any of your rights, or if you have any other questions about our use of your personal data, please contact us electronically by sending us an email at help@xhamster.com.
We endeavor to address all your requests promptly.

 14.
How to access or modify your personal data We remain dedicated to the protection of your personal data and we want to be clear about the type of information collected, helping you make choices about your privacy.
You may: 
access/modify/control the information provided during registration and who you disclose the information to through social networks, comments and PMs on the Website - – please refer to the profile editing page https://xhamster.com/my/edit/profile.

choose whether your profile/uploaded content is visible to everyone, or for Members or for friends only https://xhamster.com/my/edit/privacy.

review videos you have watched or paused through watch history https://xhamster.com/my/watch-history.
or 
block cookies, including cookies associated with our services, by activating or deactivating the related cookies on your browser.
Please note, however, that if you choose to disable all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or part of our Website.

 access/modify/control the information provided as a Partner during the Registration - https://partners.xhamster.com/profile.

 access/modify/control the sites that you provided as a Partner - https://partners.xhamster.com/sites.



 15.
Our communication with you If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our information-handling practices, please contact us electronically at help@xhamster.com.

 16.
Right to complain If you have any questions about this privacy policy, or wish to lodge a complaint about how your personal data is used by the Company, you may contact us electronically at the email address help@xhamster.com.
Upon receipt of your complaint, we will investigate it and respond to you within a reasonable time.
You also have the right to complain to the data protection supervisory authority of the country in which you reside, provided that such country is a Member State of the European Union or is located within the EEA.

 17.
Our policy towards minors Our Website is not directed to individuals under the age of eighteen (18) or the applicable age of majority in the jurisdiction from which the Website is accessed and we do not knowingly collect personal data from minors.
If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal data, please contact us electronically at help@xhamster.com.
If we become aware that a minor has provided us with personal data, we will take steps to remove such information and terminate that person's account immediately.

 18.
California Consumer Privacy Act Notice As of January 1, 2020, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA") provides California residents ("Consumer(s)") certain rights with respect to their personal information, as this term is defined under the CCPA.
In addition to the rights we state under this policy and subject to the exceptions found under the CCPA, Consumers have the right to: 
 opt-out of the sale of their personal information, should we sell their personal information.

 be informed of certain information concerning our collection and use of their personal information.

 request that we delete certain personal information we collected from them.

 appoint an agent to exercise their rights provided for by the CCPA, provided that a duly executed notarized power of attorney is presented and provided that the agent has information deemed sufficient to allow us to verify the identity of the Consumer in question and to locate his/her information in our systems.

 Not be subjected to discrimination for the exercise of these rights.
We will not deny California residents the use of our service, neither will we provide a different level or quality or services for exercising any of their CCPA rights, unless as permitted under the CCPA.

 This Website does not sell nor has it sold in the past 12 months personal information to third parties for monetary or other valuable considerations.
We may however disclose certain personal information with third parties, service providers and entities within our corporate group in order to enable them to perform certain services on our behalf and namely to make the Website work properly.
Regardless, we respect the California residents' right to exclude personal information from such sharing arrangements and to thereby opt-out of any future sale of their personal information.
If the CCPA is applicable to you and you would like to record such preference, please send us an email at help@xhamster.com.

 19.
Third-party links Our Website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications.
Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you.
We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements.
We specifically disclaim responsibility for their content, privacy practices and terms of use, and we make no endorsements or representations about their accuracy, content or thoroughness.
When you leave our Website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.

 20.
Changes to this privacy policy We reserve the right to update, revise, amend and/or modify this privacy policy at any time in order to reflect any changes to the way in which we process your personal data or changing legal requirements.
Although we will notify you when major changes are made to this privacy policy, you are expected to periodically review the most up-to-date version found at https://xhamster.com/info/privacy so you are aware of any changes.
The date of the latest version of the privacy policy will appear at the top of the webpage hosting the policy.

 21.
Cookies As we have briefly mentioned in this privacy policy, our Website uses small files known as cookies to make it work better in order to improve your experience.
To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our cookie policy https://xhamster.com/info/cookie-policy .



 xHamster 
Press
Blog


 Help 
FAQ
Contact us
Improve xHamster
 Legal 
Terms of use
Privacy policy
DMCA/Copyright
Parental Controls


 Start making money with us 
Webcam models wanted
Сontent Creators Program
Creator Contest
 Sell your Videos or launch a Cam Show Start earning © 2007-2021, xHamster.com 
 Mobile Version 






 Cookies help us deliver our services.
By using this website, you agree with our use of cookies.
Learn more OK JavaScript is required for this website.
Please turn it on in your browser and reload the page 


 xHamster is adults only website! xHamster is strictly limited to those over 18 or of legal age in your jurisdiction, whichever is greater.
One of our core goals is to help parents restrict access to xHamster for minors, so we have ensured that xHamster is, and remains, fully compliant with the RTA (Restricted to Adults) code.
This means that all access to the site can be blocked by simple parental control tools.
It is important that responsible parents and guardians take the necessary steps to prevent minors from accessing unsuitable content online, especially age-restricted content.
Anyone with a minor in their household or under their supervision should implement basic parental control protections, including computer hardware and device settings, software installation, or ISP filtering services, to block your minors from accessing inappropriate content. To enter xHamster you must be 18 or older I'm 18 or older — enter xHamster Read more about how to protect your minors 
      