
        
DMCA &amp.
Abuse Policy
DMCA POLICY X-VPN respects the intellectual property of others, and we require that our users do the same.

As X-VPN does not store any users activities in compliance with our Privacy policy, X-VPN is unable to identify the individual or group that may be infringing the copyrighted contents nor is X-VPN able to detect such conducts in the first place.
Nevertheless, in the event that X-VPN is contacted by the copyright owners or their representatives that report the copyright infringement by its user, shall do its best to assist the copyright owners or their representatives to the extent we can.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) Takedown Notices
X-VPN requires the copyright owner or its authorized agent to give us a valid DMCA takedown notice if you wish to report what you believe is infringing activity by a third party using X-VPN service.
If you are unable to determine if the content on the X-VPN's network infringes your copyrights, then please first contact an attorney.

Your DMCA takedown notice shall contain: 


Identification contains sufficient details of the copyrighted work you believe to have been infringed.


Sufficient information to help X-VPN to locate the allegedly infringing content.


An identification of the content that you claim to be infringing (all items shall be mentioned separately).


Sufficient contact information so that we can respond to your notice, (Including a telephone number, physical address, and email address);


A statement that "have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.".


An identification of the user who may be responsible for the infringing activity.


A statement that states: "The information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."


An electronic signature or a scan of physical signature of the owner or their authorized agent.


Your must send written Notification of Claimed Infringement to our Designated Copyright Agent at the e-mail address listed below.
All notices that comply with the requirements identified above will be reviewed and addressed.
If your notice fails to comply with all of these requirements substantially, we may not be able to respond to your notice.

support@xvpn.io ABUSE POLICY X-VPN is aiming to provide its users a safe, private, anonymous network to enjoy internet freedom.
We stand behind our product and respect the privacy of our users.
With that being said, we take violations of our Terms of Service seriously.
In that event that if you wish to report what you believe is abusing activities of the Contents or Serviced provided by X-VPN, you may at any time to notify X-VPN by Email and Web or in-app chat.
For your reference, abusive activities include but not limited to:
Explicit or sexual depictions of minors
SPAM
Distribution of Malware, Phishing, Hacking, Port Scanning
Credit card fraud
Upon receiving the report, X-VPN will try to resolve the issue as soon as possible.
The response time may vary.
in compliance with our Privacy Policy, no information will be disclosed.
X-VPN shall assess the offense of the abusive activities and take appropriate action which includes but not limited to warning, account termination, and block the access to its Service at its sole discretion.
You must send the abuse report to the email address at:
support@xvpn.io
