
         Y2Mate 
Home
YouTube to MP3
YouTube to MP4
 Privacy Policy 
Your privacy is important to us

Y2Mate's policy is to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website.
This Privacy Policy applies to y2mate.is/ (hereinafter, "us", "we", or "y2mate.is/").
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the website.
We have adopted this privacy policy to explain what information may be collected on our website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties.
This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.

This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms of service posted on our website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our website.
Depending on your activities when visiting our website, you may be required to agree to additional service terms.


Website Visitors

Like most website operators, Y2Mate collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request.
Y2Mate's purpose in collecting non personally identifying information is to understand better how Y2Mate's visitors use its website.
From time to time, Y2Mate may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.


Log Files

Y2Mate.is follows a standard procedure of using log files.
These files log visitors when they visit websites.
All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics.
The information collected by log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks.
These are not linked to any personally identifiable information.
The data aims to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movement on the website, and gather demographic information.


Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information

Individual visitors to Y2Mate's websites choose to interact with Y2Mate in ways that require Y2Mate to gather personally-identifying information.
The amount and type of information that Y2Mate gathers depend on the nature of the interaction.
For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at https://y2mate.is/ to provide a username and email address.


Security

The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no transmission method over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.


Google DoubleClick DART Cookie

Google is one of a third-party vendor on our site.
It also uses cookies, known as DART cookies, to serve ads to our site visitors based upon their visit to www.website.com and other internet sites.
However, visitors may choose to decline the use of DART cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network Privacy Policy at the following URL – https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads


Other Third-Party Advertisers

Ads appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer.
This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Y2Mate and does not cover cookies by any advertisers.


Links To External Sites

Our service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us.
If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site.
We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and Terms of service of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites, products, or services.


Aggregated Statistics
Y2Mate may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website.
Y2Mate may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Y2Mate does not disclose your personally-identifying information.


Cookies

To enrich and perfect your online experience, Y2Mate uses "Cookies" similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising, and store your computer preferences.

A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns.
Y2Mate uses cookies to help Y2Mate identify and track visitors, their usage of https://y2mate.is/, and their website access preferences.
Y2Mate visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Y2Mate's websites.
The drawback is that certain features of Y2Mate's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
By navigating our website without changing your cookie settings, you, at this moment, acknowledge and agree to Y2Mate's use of cookies.
You can choose to disable cookies through your browser options.
It can be found at the browser's cookie setting to know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers.


Children's Information

Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet.
We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and monitor and guide their online activity.


Online Privacy Policy Only

This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website regarding the information they shared and collected in Y2Mate.is.
This policy does not apply to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.


Privacy Policy Changes

Although most changes are likely to be minor, Y2Mate may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Y2Mate's sole discretion.
Y2Mate encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy.
Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.


Contact Information

If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us via email at admin@y2mate.is.

© 2023 Y2Mate.is - Your favorite video converter.

F.A.Q.
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Contact us

