
         Y2Mate 
Home
YouTube to MP3
YouTube to MP4
 Terms of Serivce 

Welcome to Y2Mate

These terms of service outline the rules and regulations for the use of Y2Mate's Website.

By accessing this website we assume you accept these terms of service in full.
Do not continue to use Y2Mate's website if you do not get all of the terms of service stated on this page.

The following terminology applies to these Terms of Service, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and any or all Agreements: "Client," "You" and "Your" refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting the Company's terms of service.
"The Company," "Ourselves," "We," "Our," and "Us" refers to our Company.
"Party," "Parties," or "Us" refers to both the Client and ourselves, or either the Client or ourselves.
All terms refer to the offer, acceptance, and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner, whether by formal meetings of a fixed duration or any other means, for the express purpose of meeting the Client's needs in respect of the provision of the Company's stated services/products, under and subject to, prevailing law of.
Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalization, and he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and, therefore, referring to the same.


Cookies

We employ the use of cookies.
Using Y2Mate's website you consent to the use of cookies following Y2Mate's privacy policy.

Most of the modern-day interactive web sites use cookies to enable us to retrieve user details for each visit.
Cookies are used in some areas of our site to allow this area's functionality and ease of use for those people visiting.
Some of our affiliate/advertising partners may also use cookies.


License

Unless otherwise stated, Y2Mate and it's licensors own the intellectual property rights for all material on Y2Mate.
All intellectual property rights are reserved.
You may view and print pages from y2mate.is/ for your personal use subject to restrictions set in these terms of service.


You must not:

Republish material from y2mate.is/
Sell, rent, or sub-license material from y2mate.is/
Reproduce, duplicate or copy material from y2mate.is/
Redistribute content from Y2Mate (unless content is specifically made for redistribution).


User Comments

This Agreement shall begin on the date hereof.
Certain parts of this website offer users the opportunity to post and exchange opinions, information, material, and data ('Comments') in areas of the website.
Y2Mate does not screen, edit, publish or review Comments before their appearance on the website, and Comments do not reflect the views or opinions of Y2Mate, its agents, or affiliates.
Comments reflect the view and opinion of the person who posts such views or opinions.
To the extent permitted by applicable laws, Y2Mate shall not be responsible or liable for the Comments or any loss cost, liability, damages or expenses caused and or suffered due to any use of and posting of and appearance of the Comments on this website.
Y2Mate reserves the right to monitor all comments and to remove any Comments which it considers in its absolute discretion to be inappropriate, offensive, or otherwise in breach of these Terms of Service.

You warrant and represent that:

You are entitled to post the Comments on our website and have all necessary licenses and consents to do so;
The Comments do not infringe any intellectual property right, including without limitation copyright, patent or trademark, or other proprietary rights of any third party;
The Comments do not contain any defamatory, libelous, offensive, indecent, or otherwise unlawful material or material invasion of privacy.
Comments will not be used to solicit or promote business or custom or present commercial activities or unlawful activity.
You, with this grant to Y2Mate, a non-exclusive royalty-free license to use, reproduce, edit and authorize others to use, reproduce and edit any of your Comments in all forms, formats, or media.

Hyperlinking to our Content

The following organizations may link to our Web site without prior written approval:
(a)Government agencies
(b)Search engines
(c)News organizations
(d)Online directory distributors, when they list us in the directory, may link to our Web site in the same manner as they hyperlink to the Web sites of other listed businesses
(e)Systemwide Accredited Businesses except soliciting non-profit organizations, charity shopping malls, and charity fundraising groups may not hyperlink to our Web site.


These organizations may link to our home page, publications, or other Web site information so long as the link:

(a) is not in any way misleading
(b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement, or approval of the linking party and its products or services
(c) fits within the context of the linking party's site.

We may consider and approve in our sole discretion other link requests from the following types of organizations:

commonly-known consumer and business information sources such as Chambers of Commerce, American Automobile Association, AARP, and Consumers Union;
dot.com community sites, associations, or other groups representing charities, including charity giving sites, online directory distributors;
internet portals, accounting, law, and consulting firms whose primary clients are businesses.
and educational institutions and trade associations.

We will approve link requests from these organizations if we determine that:

(a) the link would not reflect unfavorably on us or our accredited businesses (for example, trade associations or other organizations representing inherently suspect types of business, such as work-at-home opportunities, shall not be allowed to link)
(b)the organization does not have an unsatisfactory record with us
(c) the benefit to us from the visibility associated with the hyperlink outweighs the absence of Y2Mate
(d) where the link is in the context of general resource information or is otherwise consistent with editorial content in a newsletter or similar product furthering the mission of the organization.

These organizations may link to our home page, publications, or other Web site information so long as the link:

(a) is not in any way misleading
(b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement, or approval of the linking party and its products or services
(c) fits within the context of the linking party's site.

If you are among the organizations listed in paragraph 2 above and are interested in linking to our website, you must notify us by sending an e-mail to admin@y2mate.is.
Please include your name, organization name, contact information (phone number and e-mail address) as well as the URL of your site, a list of any URLs from which you intend to link to our Web site, and a list of the URL(s) on our site to which you would like to link.
Allow 2-3 weeks for a response.


Approved organizations may hyperlink to our Web site as follows:

By use of our corporate name or
By use of the uniform resource locator (Web address) being linked to or
Using any other description of our Web site or material being linked to that makes sense within the context and format of content on the linking party's site.
No use of Y2Mate's logo or other artwork will link absent a trademark license agreement.

Iframes

Without prior approval and express written permission, you may not create frames around our Web pages or use other techniques that alter in any way the visual presentation or appearance of our Web site.

Content Liability

We shall have no responsibility or liability for any content appearing on your Web site.
You agree to indemnify and defend us against all claims arising out of or based upon your website.
No link(s) may appear on any page on your Web site or within any context containing content or materials that may be interpreted as libelous, obscene or criminal, or which infringes, otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement other violation of any third party rights.

Reservation of Rights

We reserve the right at any time and in its sole discretion to request that you remove all links or any particular link to our Web site.
You agree to immediately remove all links to our Web site upon such request.
We also reserve the right to amend these terms of service and its linking policy at any time.
By continuing to link to our Web site, you agree to be bound to and abide by these linking terms of service.

Removal of links from our website
If you find any link on our Web site or any linked web site objectionable, you may contact us about this.
We will consider requests to remove links but will have no obligation to do so or to respond directly to you.
While we endeavor to ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy.
nor do we commit to ensuring that the website remains available or that the web site's material is kept up to date.

Disclaimer

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties, and conditions relating to our website and the use of this website (including, without limitation, any warranties implied by law in respect of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose, and the use of reasonable care and skill).
Nothing in this disclaimer will:
limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence;
limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
limit any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law.
or
exclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
The limitations and exclusions of liability set out in this Section and elsewhere in this disclaimer: (a) are subject to the preceding paragraph.
and (b) govern all liabilities arising under the disclaimer or concerning the subject matter of this disclaimer, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort (including negligence) and for breach of statutory duty.
To the extent that the website and the information and services on the website are provided free of charge, we will not be liable for any loss or damage.


Contact Information

If you have any queries regarding any of our terms, please contact us at admin@y2mate.is.


© 2023 Y2Mate.is - Your favorite video converter.

F.A.Q.
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Contact us

