
         PRIVACY NOTICE Last updated April 16, 2021
YieldLift ("YieldLift", "we", "us", "our") is committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy.
This privacy policy governs the privacy practices of our digital services.


If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy notice, or our practices with regards to personal information, please contact us at privacy@yieldlift.com.
This policy describes what YieldLift does, the data that it processes on behalf of its advertising and publishing partners, and data sharing options you may have with regard to your personal data.
This policy applies to all information that passes through our services.



Please read this privacy notice carefully as it will help you understand how personal information is processed by YieldLift.



Our privacy policy is organized into the following sections:

Who We Are and What We Do
How and Why We Process Personal Data
Types of Data We Process
Data Sharing Choices
How We Keep Your Data Safe
Other Important Information
 1.0.
WHO WE ARE AND WHAT WE DO YieldLift is an advertising exchange.
YieldLift is an advertising exchange, a web-based service that enables websites, apps and advertisers to market, sell and buy digital ad space.
YieldLift helps demand side platforms, advertising agencies and brands (“Demand Partners”) buy digital ad space and helps ad networks, website and app publishers (“Publishers”) generate revenue by selling available ad space.
The decision to sell or purchase ad space between Publishers and Demand Partners happens through an automated, software-based process called "real-time bidding" where multiple advertisers bid on places to show their ads.
Our technology supports real-time bidding.
The entities that work with YieldLift may have their own policies that govern how they collect, use, and share data, and may differ from YieldLift’s policies.
Below we’ve listed the entities we work with (with links to their privacy policies) as of the date indicated at the top of this notice.
Please review these policies, and those of the websites and apps you visit and use, to become familiar with their data practices and to learn about any data collection, sharing and use choices that you may have.
 33Across  AdaptMX  EMX  Google AdExchange  Google AdSense  Google Ad Manager  IndexExchange  Insticator  Magnite - Rubicon Project  Magnite - Telaria  OneTag  OpenX  PubMatic  Sonobi  Sovrn  Verizon Media  Unruly  Vuukle  Xandr 
 2.0.
HOW AND WHY WE PROCESS PERSONAL DATA We pass along information for advertising purposes.
If you visit a Publisher that works with YieldLift, and the Publisher sends out a request to show an ad, we pass along that request to Demand Partners.
The request typically includes information about the ad environment that helps Demand Partners decide whether or not to serve an ad.
Some of this information (for example, your IP address) may identify a particular computer or device and may be considered personal information under some data privacy laws, including the Canadian Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”), the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), the California Online Privacy Protection Act (“CalOPPA”) and the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
YieldLift uses and discloses information for our commercial and business purposes, as identified in the CCPA, which include:

Providing our services, including enabling Publishers and Demand Partners to sell and buy digital advertising inventory.
Other business purposes, including:

Providing advertising or marketing services;
Auditing related to our interactions with you;
Legal compliance;
Detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity;
Debugging;
Performing services (for us or our service providers) such as account servicing and analytics;
Internal operations;
Activities to maintain and improve our services.
and
Other one-time uses.



YieldLift does not retain any personal information.

We facilitate the exchange of information for ad buying and placement purposes.

YieldLift does not build user profiles of any kind.

 We process your data based under the following legal bases under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR): 


Legitimate Interests: We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests, which are to facilitate data exchange for advertising purposes.

Performance of a Contract: Where we have entered into a contract with a partner, we may process personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.

Legal Obligations: We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).


Vital Interests: We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved 
 2.1.
Pixels When you visit a Publisher that works with YieldLift, we may place a tracking pixel on your browser in order to monitor the performance of an ad.
The information we receive from the pixel counts impressions and other information about the ad.
We do not monitor you or your behavior using this pixel.

A pixel is a small bit of HTML code which is loaded when a user visits a website or opens an email.
With a tracking pixel, we enable our Demand Partners to access information about whether an ad was viewed or clicked on.
 3.0.
TYPES OF DATA WE PROCESS YieldLift facilitates information exchange.
To sell ad space, Publishers may pass information to Demand Partners and other entities through YieldLift’s technology.
For example, when you visit a website or app and a Publisher working with YieldLift sends us a request to show you an ad, we pass along certain information about the ad space, you and your device to Demand Partners to help inform their decision to serve an ad.

YieldLift does not retain personal information or apply automated decision-making tools to this information, which typically includes: 

Bid Request Data (or “bidstream data”), advertising bid request in a specified format, such as oRTB (e.g., adID, DealID, cookie ID, geolocation, website/app, user agent string, device type, carrier name, campaign ID).
User Session Data (or “clickstream data”): The end-user’s ‘journey’ on a website or app collected by a server (e.g., IP address, referring URL, exit URL, actions taken, cookie preferences, device information).

Data passed through, not accessed, by YieldLift from its partners may also include: 

Cross-Device Data (or “Device Graph Data”): Data that displays the relationship between various device identifiers to an individual or household, often used for better retargeting and frequency capping.
Unique online identifiers (e.g.
IP address, cookies, mobile advertising identifiers such as Apple IDFA and Android Advertising ID)
Information about your browsing behavior on a Publisher’s website or app (e.g.
domain or app store URL or bundle ID, category code associated with website or app, referring website address, date/time of visit, ‘click through’ data) 
Ad reporting or delivery data (e.g.
size/type of ad, ad impressions, location/format of ad, data about interactions with the ad)
Precise location data (if you have enabled location services on your device)
Interest segments (i.e.
inferred information on the behavior or likely interests associated with you)
Retargeting data (i.e.
data indicating previous interest in a product or website)
Information that may be anonymized or pseudonymized includes, but is not limited to, clickstream data, search history, analytics, hardware/software type, page views, serving domains, internet service provider, and demographic information.

Other data that can be passed in the request from Publisher to Demand Partner to inform the ad-buying decision (which can include health or financial-related information).
 3.1.
Children  YieldLift does not knowingly pass to other entities information about individuals under the age of 15, or engage in activities that require parental notice or consent under the United States’ Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).
If you believe that YieldLift has inadvertently collected information from a person under the age of 15, please contact us at privacy@yieldlift.com.
 4.0.
DATA SHARING CHOICES You can opt-out of some data sharing.
We believe you should be aware of the choices you have with respect to the collection, sharing and use of your data.
‍

Global Privacy Control

You might have noticed “Do Not Sell” and “Object To Processing” links around the web from companies complying with privacy regulations.
Rather than having to click on each of these links individually across many websites, you can exercise your rights in one step via the Global Privacy Control signal.
 Click here to learn more and download the Global Privacy Control privacy tool 

Do Not Track

The DNT header is a universal signal that you can use to opt out of the tracking and targeting associated with audience segmentation in digital advertising.
This opt-out mechanism does not rely on the opt-out cookie.
rather, it relies on a privacy setting within your web browser.
The location of the DNT setting varies between web browsers.
For example, Mozilla Firefox users can access the DNT setting through the Firefox &gt.
Preferences menu (the Privacy tab).
Click here to learn more about Do Not Track

Opt-outs

You can opt out of interest-based advertising (by participating companies) by visiting the following links:

Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)
Digital Advertising Alliance Canada (DAAC)
Digital Advertising Alliance EU (EDAA)
DAA AppChoices page


Turning off location tracking or personalized ads on devices

If you want to make your location private, you can turn the geo-location feature off within the location settings of your device.
In addition to this, you can disable ad tracking on your device.
The following instructions explain how to turn off ad tracking for Apple and Android devices (these may change with device updates):
Location

iOS 7 or higher: Choose Settings &gt.
Privacy &gt.
Location Services >Turn off “Location Services” to disable location tracking for all apps or choose settings app by app
Android: Choose Google Settings &gt.
Apps &gt.
App Permissions &gt.
Location &gt.
Turn off “Use Location” to disable location tracking for all apps or choose setting app by app

Personalized Ads

iOS 7 or higher: Choose Settings &gt.
Privacy &gt.
Apple Advertising &gt.
Turn off “Personalized Ads”
Android: Choose Settings &gt.
Google &gt.
Ads &gt.
Turn on “Opt Out of Ads Personalization”
 5.0.
HOW WE KEEP YOUR DATA SAFE We use appropriate safeguards to protect your data.
YieldLift takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, and unauthorized destruction of personal information.
Some data may be accessible to individuals, with access authorization, involved in YieldLift’s operations including administration, marketing, sales, legal, and system administration, or to external parties such as third-party technical service providers, hosting providers, IT companies, developers and accounting/financial firms.

Below are links to the security policies and protocols of companies that we use for administrative and technology purposes.
General Administrative: Google Enterprise  Advertising Technology: Google Ad Manager  Cloud and Hosting Services: Amazon Web Services
YieldLift’s Demand Partners and Publishers have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process.

Data Retention

We do not retain any personal information and we do not process your data any longer than we have a legitimate business need or business purpose to do so.

Trustworthy Accountability Group

YieldLift is a verified member of the Trustworthy Accountability Group (TAG), a global initiative dedicated to increasing trust in digital advertising by eliminating fraudulent traffic, facilitating the sharing of threat intelligence, and promoting brand safety. 6.0.
OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION We’ll make it clear when we update our policies.
 We may update this privacy notice from time to time.
The updated version will be indicated by an updated "Revised" date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible.
We encourage you to review this privacy notice in full and to check back in periodically to be informed of how we are processing and protecting your information.
 6.1.
Contact Us 
Got an issue?

Let us know and we’ll do our best to fix it.
Our Data Protection Officer is James Byrd.
He can be reached at privacy@yieldlift.com or by mail at:
YieldLift, LLC  Attn: James Byrd, Data Protection Officer  124 Lakeshore Drive  Suite 630  North Palm Beach, FL 33408 Home © 2020.
YieldLift LLC &nbsp.

      