
         Jump to - Terms of Service ("Terms") Jump to - Extended Code of Conduct 
 Terms of Service ("Terms") Last updated: August 10, 2018
Please read these Terms of Service ("Terms", "Terms of Service") carefully before using the https://yiff.life website (the "Service") operated by Yiff Life ("us", "we", or "our").
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms.
These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms.
If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
This Terms of Service agreement for Yiff Life is based on the Terms and Conditions from TermsFeed. Accounts When you create an account with us, you must provide us information that is accurate, complete, and current at all times.
Failure to do so constitutes a breach of the Terms, which may result in immediate termination of your account on our Service.
You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the Service and for any activities or actions under your password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service.
You agree not to disclose your password to any third party.
You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account. Links To Other Web Sites Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Yiff Life.
Yiff Life has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services.
You further acknowledge and agree that Yiff Life shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit. Termination We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
We may terminate or suspend your account immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
Upon termination, your right to use the Service will immediately cease.
If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using the Service.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability. Governing Law These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Illinois, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights.
If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect.
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service. Changes We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time.
If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 15 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect.
What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms.
If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service. Contact Us If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.

 Extended Code of Conduct Last updated: April 28th, 2019
The following guidelines are not a legal document, and final interpretation is up to the administrators and moderators at Yiff.Life.
By using this instance, you agree to follow the rules below. 
Please note that Yiff.Life is an 18+ server.
Do not join or request access if you are not 18 years of age.
We will remove accounts of users that are found to be younger than 18. 



Basic Guidelines for Posting


Engage with one another in good faith
Respect boundaries as placed by others
Be respectful/apologize/give space as necessary if someone tells you, or implies through their actions, that you crossed a boundary
Tag potentially upsetting content such as violence/blood, politics, and pornographic/NSFW material
If you are worried about a situation escalating, contact the admins or a moderator

 

Rules

The following types of content will be removed from the public timeline:

Corporate Advertising (does not apply to freelance artists)
Posts that do not tag potentially upsetting content behind the CW feature, including pornographic or other NSFW material, politics, violence/assault, suicide, etc.
"Screenshot dunking," in which a user posts a screenshot of another post solely to criticize it
Bot accounts (please use botsin.space for bot accounts!)


In addition to the tagged content above, we also ask those using a twitter crossposter to tag anything automatically posted with a "from twitter" CW or something similar.
However, excessive use of this feature is not advised and we recommend the use of "reverse-crossposting" from Mastodon to fully utilize the CW feature.


The following types of content will be removed from the public timeline, and will result in account suspension and revocation of access to this server:

Racism or advocation of racism (e.g.
using racist pejoratives, advocating white supremacy, etc.)
Sexism or advocation of sexism (e.g.
using sexist pejoratives, mansplaining, etc.)
Discrimination against gender, romantic, and sexual minorities (e.g.
using homophobic/transphobic/queerphobic pejoratives, invalidating others, intentionally ignoring or misusing another's pronouns, etc.)
Ableism or advocation of ableism (e.g.
using ableist pejoratives, pointing out behavior as mental illness as an insult, making light of any physical or mental disabilities that a person experiences, etc.)
Stalking, harassment, dogpiling, and any other behavior intended to intimidate or provoke others
Conduct promoting Nazism, xenophobia, white supremacy and any related ideology
Aggregating, posting, and/or disseminating a person's demographic, personal, or private data without express permission (informally called doxxing)
Illegal pornographic material and any analogous illustrated material (e.g.
no pornographic material involving minors, including suggestive/pornographic cub art)
Any conduct intended to impede other users from utilizing the service, or to degrade the performance of the service, or to incite other users to perform any of the aforementioned actions



Behaviors to Avoid


Microaggressions (e.g.
white/man/cis-splaining, intentionally using the wrong pronouns to address someone, invalidating other peoples' identities, etc.) 
Demanding education on problematic behaviors from a non-admin/moderator.
Users are welcome to educate others, but expecting it from others at all times is an unfair form of emotional labor that places the onus on the marginalized to engage at all times
Presenting bad-faith arguments and otherwise concern-trolling


This is not an exhaustive list.
If any of these don't make sense or you would like a deeper explanation, please speak with an administrator or moderator -- we are more than happy to help you understand the problems with these kinds of behavior. 

Pursuant to the above, the administration of the service reserves the right to revoke any user's access permissions, at any time, for any reason, except as limited by law.
This code of conduct has been adopted and modified from Snouts.Online with permission.

The CoC is subject to change at any time, without notice.
A best effort attempt will be made to inform users when a change is made to the Code of Conduct.


