
         DMCA Yiff-Party.com 
This Digital Millennium Copyright Act policy (“Policy”) applies to the yiff-party.com website (“Website” or “Service”) and any of its related products and services (collectively, “Services”) and outlines how this Website operator (“Operator”, “we”, “us” or “our”) addresses copyright infringement notifications and how you (“you” or “your”) may submit a copyright infringement complaint.
Protection of intellectual property is of utmost importance to us and we ask our users and their authorized agents to do the same.
It is our policy to expeditiously respond to clear notifications of alleged copyright infringement that comply with the United States Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) of 1998, the text of which can be found at the U.S.
Copyright Office website.
Before submitting a copyright complaint to us, consider whether the use could be considered fair use.
Fair use states that brief excerpts of copyrighted material may, under certain circumstances, be quoted verbatim for purposes such as criticism, news reporting, teaching, and research, without the need for permission from or payment to the copyright holder.
If you have considered fair use, and you still wish to continue with a copyright complaint, you may want to first reach out to the user in question to see if you can resolve the matter directly with the user.
Please note that if you are unsure whether the material you are reporting is in fact infringing, you may wish to contact an attorney before filing a notification with us.
The DMCA requires you to provide your personal information in the copyright infringement notification.
If you are concerned about the privacy of your personal information, you may wish to use an agent to report infringing material for you.
If you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof, and you believe that any material available on our Services infringes your copyrights, then you may submit a written copyright infringement notification (“Notification”) using the contact details below pursuant to the DMCA.
All such Notifications must comply with the DMCA requirements.
You may refer to a DMCA takedown notice generator or other similar services to avoid making mistake and ensure compliance of your Notification.
Filing a DMCA complaint is the start of a pre-defined legal process.
Your complaint will be reviewed for accuracy, validity, and completeness.
If your complaint has satisfied these requirements, our response may include the removal or restriction of access to allegedly infringing material as well as a permanent termination of repeat infringers’ accounts.
We may also require a court order from a court of competent jurisdiction, as determined by us in our sole discretion, before we take any action.
A backup of the terminated account’s data may be requested, however, we may not be able to provide you with one and, as such, you are strongly encouraged to take your own backups.
If we remove or restrict access to materials or terminate an account in response to a Notification of alleged infringement, we will make a good faith effort to contact the affected user with information concerning the removal or restriction of access, along with instructions for filing a counter-notification.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any portion of this Policy, the Operator reserves the right to take no action upon receipt of a DMCA copyright infringement notification if it fails to comply with all the requirements of the DMCA for such notifications.
A user who receives a copyright infringement Notification may make a counter-Notification pursuant to sections 512(g)(2) and (3) of the US Copyright Act.
If you receive a copyright infringement Notification, it means that the material described in the Notification has been removed from our Services or access to the material has been restricted.
Please take the time to read through the Notification, which includes information on the Notification we received.
To file a counter-notification with us, you must provide a written communication compliant with the DMCA requirements.
Please note that if you are not sure whether certain material infringes the copyrights of others or that the material or activity was removed or restricted by mistake or misidentification, you may wish to contact an attorney before filing a counter-notification.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any portion of this Policy, the Operator reserves the right to take no action upon receipt of a counter-notification.
If we receive a counter-notification that complies with the terms of 17 U.S.C.
§ 512(g), we may forward it to the person who filed the original Notification.
The process described in this Policy does not limit our ability to pursue any other remedies we may have to address suspected infringement.
We reserve the right to modify this Policy or its terms relating to the Website and Services at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of this Policy on the Website.
If you would like to notify us of the infringing material or activity, you may do so via the contact form
This document was last updated on February 2, 2021

