

What does this Privacy Policy Cover?

Yodo1 respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your Personal Data.
We want to be transparent with you about how we collect and use your Personal Data in making available our games, (“Site”) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
This Privacy Policy aims to give you information on how Yodo1 collects and processes your Personal Data through your use of this Site, including any data you may provide through this Site.
The Privacy Policy is intended to meet our duties of Transparency under the “General Data Protection Regulation” or “GDPR”.
We will post any modifications or changes to this Privacy Policy on this page.

Information Collection and Use

For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information.
The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app

Google Play Services
Ironsource
Firebase Analytics


Log Data

We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data.
This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers.
These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly.
However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services.
You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device.
If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

Service Providers

We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services.
or
To assist us in analysing how our Service is used.

We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information.
The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf.
However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

Security

We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it.
But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites.
If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site.
Note that these external sites are not operated by us.
Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practises of any third-party sites or services.

Children’s Privacy

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13.
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13.
In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers.
If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.



What Data We Collect?

The type of data we collect depends on the Services you use, and the applicable laws.

Data provided by you


Player name (real or alias)
Contact information (name, email address)
Profile information (such as profile photo)
Your in-game messages to the Services (support tickets raised by you and chat logs)
Other information you choose to share (eg.
data to identify your lost account)


Data collected automatically


Your game account details and game progress
Your Mobile device identifiers and IP address
You device data like the device name, operating system, and language
Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies (see more below)
Approximate location (as suggested by your&nbsp.
IP address)
Your gameplay data and/or interactions with other players inside the Service
Application performance and debugging information



Offer our Services

Create accounts and make it possible for you to use our Service
Verify and confirm payments
Process the requests made by you


Data collected from third parties

We also use third-party partners, such as social networking sites, advertising networks, and data analytics providers.

Data made available by you via your privacy settings in third-party services like Facebook, Google, Apple
Demographic data (such as to determine the coarse location of your IP address)
Data to fight fraud related to refund or advertising
Data from platforms that the games run on (such as purchase data to verify payments)
Additional information (such as data for advertising and analytics purposes) to help improve the services we provide




Why We Collect Your Data?

Offer our Services

Create accounts and make it possible for you to use our Service
Verify and confirm payments
Process the requests made by you

Improve our Services

Maintain and update player profiles
Enable social features in our Services
Enable personalization and customization in our Services
Provide player support
Provide offers within our Services
Communicate with you regarding service updates, security alerts, and support messages
Enable communication within the player community

Show personalised advertisements

Make advertisements relevant to you
Serve, measure and improve the effectiveness of advertising


How Do We Protect Your Data?

Security Safeguards
Our priority is to provide a safe and transparent gaming environment to our players and in order to do that we ensure that our security system is constantly evolving to meet the highest standard possible.
We take all necessary measures to protect your data from unauthorised access or misuse.
Data retention
Your data will be stored by us till the time you have an active account.
Aged Studio Limited may re-assess unused accounts and de-identify unnecessary data.
In case of request for removal of personal data, we will process the same in compliance with the legal obligations.
You can request access to the Personal Data we hold on you by emailing: globaldev@yodo1.com

Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time.
Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes.
We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at info@yodo1.com.


