
         Privacy Policy 4 September 2020 This privacy policy applies to YogaDNS application developed by Initex LLC ("Initex", "we", "us" or "our") and that is accessible from mobile devices and personal computers (the "App"), and the use of the www.yogadns.com website (the "Website") controlled by Initex.
In general, you can use the Website and the App without providing any personal information, such as names, email and postal addresses, telephone numbers, and financial information (all such information concerning the personal or material circumstances of an identified or identifiable individual data subject constitutes "Personal Data").
Therefore, if you do not directly provide us with Personal Data in another way or actively consent to the use by us of certain Personal Data, we, in general, do not use your data except with the following exceptions. Visiting the Website The Website does not collect any information except what your browser transfers to the web server to request a webpage.
This information is technically necessary for a website to operate and comprises:

the IP address
the date and time of the request
the browser type
the operating system
the language and version of the browser software
 Using the App The app operates absolutely independently.
It does not "talk" to any servers except (1) those that you explicitly added to the App and (2) to www.yogadns.com to check for updates (see the Update Check topic).
We develop and support software product only and do not provide any servers or backend.
Thus, you must rely on your own or third-party servers.
Third-party servers have separate and independent privacy policies, and thus we take no responsibility or liability for those servers or the data that you may send to them.
When processing your DNS queries, the App does not transmit, store, analyze, or make use of that data.
The sole purpose of such processing is to direct the queries (using standard protocols) to the DNS servers that you have specified in the App. Update Check The App may occasionally check for an updated version.
To do this, it requests www.yogadns.com to obtain the most recent version information.
Only the information that is technically needed to make the request is transmitted to the server (see the Visiting the Website topic).
You can disable this function in the App's settings. Technical Support and Email Data We save a record of communication that includes the attachments and information that you voluntary share with us for troubleshooting purposes when you communicate with our support team. Disclosure of Information to Outside Parties We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. Cookies Neither the Website nor the App uses cookies directly or indirectly (e.g., with tools such as Google Analytics). Warrant canary We have not placed any backdoors into our software and have not received any requests to do so.Check this policy regularly to determine whether the previous statement has been removed. Changes to Our Privacy Policy Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on this page, and the date below will be updated.
This policy was last modified on 4 September 2020.
 info@initex.com Initex LLC Doroga v Kamenku 74a SpbSEZ, office 310 197350 Saint Petersburg Russia

