



 Sign Up 
 Rewards 
 Prizes 
 FAQ 
My Account
Referring A Friend
Technical Issues


 About Us 
 Contact us 
 My Account 


 Login 


Privacy Policy YourOpinion recognises the importance of protecting the privacy of personally identifiable information collected about our members of the YourOpinion site.
This privacy policy should be read in conjunction with the terms and conditions of the website.
YourOpinion respects and upholds your rights under the Australian Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act (Cth) ('Privacy Act').
YourOpinion has also adheres to the Privacy (Market and Social Research) Code 2014 ('Code').
For more information about the Privacy Act, the Australian Privacy Principles and the Code visit www.amsro.com.au
This Privacy Policy for YourOpinion lets you know what personal information of yours we hold, what we do with it, who we will disclose it to and how you can access the personal information we hold about you.
You can also find out here how to change inaccurate personal information and how to opt out of receiving communications from us.

We are bound by the Australian Privacy Principles in the Privacy Act in relation to the handling of personal information.

We will only use and disclose your personal information in accordance wit hthis Privacy Policy 1.Personal Information 1.1YourOpinion collects personal information when we provide our service to you.
Generally we will tell you why we are collecting information when we collect it and how we plan to use it or these things will be obvious when we collect the information.The information we collect about you includes information about your views in respect of the subject matter of our surveys together with demographic information.
This may include sensitive information within the meaning of the Privacy Act such as:

your racial or ethnic origin
your political opinions or membership of a political association
your religious or philosophical beliefs or affiliations
your physical or mental health or condition
your sexual life
your criminal history, including any offences you have committed or are alleged to have committed and any proceedings that you have faced in respect of that
your membership of any trade unions or professional or trade associations

Sensitive information will only be collected with your consent and only if it's directly related to, or reasonably necessary for, the research we conduct or used to target surveys to you. 2.How we collect and use your personal information 2.1We collect personal information from you whenever you communicate with us by any media.
This includes (but is not limited to) registration on the site, completing a survey, sending us an email, participating in polls and online discussions on YourOpinion and participating in online market research communities. 3.Why do we collect personal information 3.1We do not use or disclose your personally identifiable information for the purpose of advertising, promotions or direct marketing activities.
We collect your personal information for the following purposes:
3.1.1To keep you informed of our products and services
3.1.2To create a database of people willing to participate in market research
3.1.3Processing the answers to surveys and summarising the results
3.1.4Statutory and regulatory compliance
3.1.5Undertaking research surveys on behalf of third parties
3.1.6Transferring to service suppliers who undertake processing on our behalf and at our direction
3.1.7To provide you with information relating to any benefits provided to you by any third parties, including but not limited to a benefit provided to you by our client in response to your answer to a survey request
3.1.8Transferring any personal information to any subsidiary or group company
3.1.9The administration of your membership of the YourOpinion panel
3.1.10To process any enquiries raised by you and other communications initiated by you in relation to your dealings with the YourOpinion panel
3.1.11Contacting you to participate in research surveys 4.Anonymity 4.1YourOpinion conducts research on a variety of topics for multiple numbers of clients.
These clients give YourOpinion specific briefs outlining which individuals from whom they wish to receive answers from.
These may include, but are not limited to, age, gender, ethnic background and location.
No personally identifiable information is ever provided to clients without the express permission of the member. 5.Protection of your personal information 5.1YourOpinion will take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information as you transmit your information from your computer to our website and to protect such information from loss, misuse and unauthorised access, use, modification, disclosure, alteration or destruction.
These steps include the use of encryption systems, passwords, firewalls and physical restriction to computer hardware storing personal data.
5.2However, you should keep in mind that the transmission of information over the Internet is not completely secure or error-free.
In particular, email sent to or from this website may not be secure and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to use via email. 6.Disclosure of your personal information 6.1We do not pass your personally identifiable information on to any companies that we work with unless we have your express prior consent or are required to do so by an Australia law or court/tribunal order.
6.2However, we do pass on information collected during surveys in a de-identified aggregated form to assist our clients in better product offerings.
We will not supply any sensitive information about you to any third party without your consent.
6.3In the course of conducting our research we may rely on third party service providers to host or store the data we collect who are located overseas. 7.Retention and destruction of Personal Information 7.1YourOpinion will destroy or de-identify your personal information as soon as practicable once it is no longer needed for the purpose of our research processes.
However in some cases we may be required to retain your personal information after our research has been completed.
In this case your personal information will continue to be protected in accordance with this Policy.
If we destroy personal information we will do so by taking reasonable steps and using up-to-date techniques and processes. 8.Monitoring of telephone calls and emails 8.1Your telephone calls and emails to us may be recorded and monitored for quality control purposes.
We may also intercept communications made to individual members of staff of YourOpinion when this is required for business purposes. 9.Cookies and YourOpinion website 9.1When visiting YourOpinion's website, the server makes a record of the visit and logs the following information for statistical and administrative purposes:

the user's server address - to consider the users who use the site regularly and tailor the site to their interests and requirements
the date and time of the visit to the site - this is important for identifying the website's busy time and ensuring maintenance on the site is conducted outside these periods
pages accessed - this indicates to YourOpinion which pages or documents are most important to users and also helps identify important information that may be difficult to find
duration fo the visit - this indicates how interesting the site is
the type of browser used - this is important for browser specific coding
in order to optimise the YourOpinion website and better understand it's usage, we collect the visiting domain name or IP address, computer operating system and screen resolution

9.2We may use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to the site.
This can include using a 'cookie', pieces of information that are transferred to an individual user's hard drive for record keeping purposes.
At the present time the cookie we send to your computer stores only basic information which you enter into the site, which may include your name, address, phone number and email address.
Only information collected by cookies as specified in this section of our privacy policy is automatically collected from users of the site.
In the event that we do collect any personal information about visitors to the site it is available only to YourOpinion.
The cookies function by saving your passwords and site preferences.
As a result it is possible to speed up your future activities at the site and allow YourOpinion to provide you with information specifically tailored to your interests.
You can usually modify your browser to prevent this happening.
The information collected in this way can be used to identify you unless you modify your browser settings.
To modify your browser settings click on the help section of your Internet browser and follow the instructions. 10.Access to your personal information 10.1You have the right to request access to any personal information we hold about you.
You can request this information by contacting the Privacy Officer at the detials listed below.
If you are a panel member you can check and update or view your details through our website.
Where we hold information that you are entitled to access, we will repsond to your request in a reasonable time and endavour to provide you with a suitable range of choices as to how access is provided (eg.
emailing or mailing it to you).
If at any time you believe that personal information we hold about you is incorrect, incomplete or inaccurate, then you may request the amendment of it and we will either amend the information or make a record of your comment, as we think appropriate. 11.How to contact us 11.1If you have any queries with regards to this privacy policy, or believe that we have at any time failed to keep one of our commitments to you to handle your personal information in the manner required by the Privacy Act, APPs or the Code, then we ask you to contact us immediately using the following details:



Address: YourOpinion Privacy Officer, 100 Harris Street, Pyrmont, NSW Australia 2010



Email: privacy@youropinion.com.au
We will respond and advise whether we agree with your complaint or not.
If we do not agree, we will provide reasons.
If we do agree, we will advise what (if any) action we consider it appropriate to take in response.
If you are still not satisfied after having contacted us and given us reasonable time to respond, then we suggest you contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner by:
Phone: 1300 363 992 (local call cost, but calls from mobile and payphones may incure higher charges). If calling from overseas (including Norfolk Island): +61 2 9284 9749  TTY: 1800 620 241 (this number is dedicated to the hearing impaired only, no voice calls)  TIS: Translating and Interpreting Service: 131 450 (If you don't speak English or English is your second language and you need assistance ask for the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner)  Post: GPO Box 2999 Canberra ACT 2601  Fax: +61 2 9284 9666  Email: enquiries@oaic.gov.au 12.Changes to privacy policy 12.1This policy is effective from March 12 2014.
We may change this privacy policy from time to time.
If we do so, we will advise of any changes on this website.
Although we intend to observe this Privacy Policy at all times, it is not legally binding on YourOpinion in any way.
From time to time we may regard it as necessary or desirable to act outside the policy.
YourOpinion may do so, subject only to other applicable contractual rights you have and any statutory rights you have under the Privacy Act or other applicable legislation. 13.Additional information about privacy 13.1For more information about privacy issues in australia, visit the australia Federal Privacy Commissioner's website- www.oaic.gov.au Sign Up Prize Draw  The YourOpinion Quarterly Prize Draw gives you a chance to win $1,000 and other prizes.
Simply enter by participating in our quick polls, surveys and forums.
 Previous winners ...
 Contact Us 




Address: YourOpinion, 44 Bay St, Ultimo, Sydney, NSW Australia 2007





Email: enquiries@youropinion.com.au

 Follow Us 





Â© The Digital Edge 2018.
All Rights Reserved.

Terms &amp.
Conditions
Privacy Policy
FAQ's
Contact

