

JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.
 Toggle Nav Close Menu 
Shop
Balance Bikes 
Kids Scooters 
Y Flikers 
Accessories 
Spare Parts 


 Blog 
 About Us 
 Contact 
 Account Search Search 
My Account
 Sign In 
My Orders
 My Cart 0  My Cart 0  Close You have no items in your shopping cart.

 Home 

Yvolution - Terms &amp.
Conditions - US

 Terms &amp.
Conditions SECURITY This website utilizes security standards designed to keep your transactions safe.
We are SSL certified for the safety of your information.
About SSL Certification: SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) is the standard security technology for establishing an encrypted link between a web server and browsers.
SSL is designed to secure data passed between the web server and browsers.
This website utilizes SSL encryption to protect your data and transactions.
We are committed to providing security for your data.
You can feel confident that SSL will keep your information safe and secure with your transaction.
 COOKIES This site needs to place cookies on your PC in order to place and order in the shopping cart.
You can turn the cookies off (here).
However, doing this means we will not be able to complete the order process.
Blocking or otherwise rejecting our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart and proceed to Checkout.
 COPYRIGHT All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of Yvolve Sports LTD or its content suppliers and protected by UK and international copyright law.
The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Yvolve Sports LTD and protected by UK and international copyright law.
 PAYMENT AND ORDER CONFIRMATION Payment for orders placed with yvolution.com will be taken once the order has been confirmed.
Orders are typically shipped within one working day of the order being placed.
Shipping may take up to 7 days depending on your delivery address.



The company


Warranty Information
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Press




Need help?


F.A.Q
Exchange &amp.
Returns
Shipping




Follow us












Other Yvolve websites

















 Join the list and save 15% Subscribe  Copyright © 2021 Yvolve Group Inc.
All rights reserved.


Terms &amp.
Conditions
Privacy Policy
Site map
 Close Checkout as a new customer
Creating an account has many benefits:

See order and shipping status
Track order history
Check out faster
 Create an Account Checkout using your account Email Address Password Sign In Forgot Your Password? 
      