
        Search this siteZekrit Trading &amp.
Contracting
Home
Services
About Us
Contact Us
Zekrit Trading &amp.
Contracting
Home
Services
About Us
Contact Us
More
Home
Services
About Us
Contact Us


Privacy Policy
The purpose of this policy is to set out the responsibilities of the group in observing and upholding our position on collection, use and disclosure of personal information and is our principal external facing privacy notice.
Please read this policy carefully.
It may be updated from time to time, so please you check back regularly to review any changes.



1) Policy Objectives

To achieve this commitment ZEKRIT will:


Process personal information lawfully, and will not share information entered into the website.


Limit personal information to the purpose for which it is being processed.


Take every reasonable step to keep acquired personal information accurate and up to date.


Only keep personal data for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it is being processed.


Process personal information in a manner that protects the security of the personal data.



2) Delivering our objectives




People we collect information from



We collect personal information from:





People who sign up for our newsletter which won't be shared.


People who contact us, but the info is never shared.


Looking at the number of visitors to our websites.





Information we collect automatically



When you visit our websites, our server automatically collects certain browser or device generated information, including but not limited to your:


Domain.



IP address;


Visit eg date, time and duration;


Browser type;


Operating system.
and


Page visits.





Information you provide



If you are a customer or supplier, you may voluntarily provide us with personal information (normally limited to basic information, such as your name and contact details) by:


Corresponding with ZEKRIT colleagues;


Attending ZEKRIT events;


Working with ZEKRIT on contracts or other projects.





In using our websites, you may voluntarily provide personal information to us in the following ways:


By signing up for email alerts (including those from our third party partners), newsletters or other forms of communication;


By completing a ‘Contact us’, ‘Get assistance’, ‘Request a quote’, or similarly labelled forms;


By corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise using the contact details provided on our websites





Typically, the personal information you give us will include your name, e-mail address, phone number, and any personal details required to resolve your inquiry or complaint.




Use of personal information



In the majority of cases, use or processing of your personal information will be justified on the basis that:


you have consented to the processing (for example, where you consent to the placing of cookies on our websites, or where you proactively sign-up for a ZEKRIT email alert)


It is in our legitimate interests, subject to your interests and fundamental rights.
For example, we have a legitimate commercial interest in building good relations with our customers by maintaining customer relationship management databases and contacting our customers from time to time.





We use the personal information we collect to:


Improve our websites based on how you and other users interact with them;


Customize or personalize our websites to users' needs (for example, by showing content or language which is relevant to your geographic location);


Correspond with website users to resolve their queries or complaints;


Provide you with any services you request.
and


Send you marketing communications (including newsletters), where it is lawful for us to do so.






Cookies



A cookie is a small file that can be placed on your device's hard drive or on a website server.
We use cookies to obtain some of the automatically collected information described above.
Most browsers automatically collect cookies but you can refuse the use of cookies.
For more information, including how to reject or manage cookies please go to www.allaboutcookies.org



Google Analytics



Our websites use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.
(‘Google).



Google Analytics uses cookies (text files placed on your computer) to help website operators analyse how users use the site.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other products relating to website activity and internet usage.




Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf.
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.


Sharing tools


Our website uses sharing tools.
These allow you to share content through social networks such as YouTube and Facebook.
When you use one of these buttons, the social networking site may place a cookie on your computer.
This would be a third-party cookie set by the social networking site.
If you have any questions about the use of these third-party cookies, you should check the relevant social networking site's Cookie Policy.



Marketing alerts and emails



We may communicate with you by email to tell you about our products and services, for example, via an email alert or newsletter.
If you wish to opt-out of receiving marketing communications, please use the 'unsubscribe' link provided in our emails, or contact us directly and we will stop sending you them.



Security



We take the security of the information we collect seriously.
We use data storage and security techniques to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorized modification or unlawful destruction or accidental loss.
ZEKRIT colleagues and contractors are subject to strict confidentiality obligations.



However, in relation to our websites, it is important to remember that no website can be 100% secure and we cannot be held responsible for unauthorized or unintended access that is beyond our control.



Retention of your information



Generally, we only keep personal information for as long as required to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected.
Or so that we have an accurate record of your dealings with us in the event of any complaints or challenges.



Where we have kept your personal information to provide you with marketing material on our products and services, we will only store it as long as you do not opt out of receiving such material from us.




We maintain a data retention policy which we apply to records in our care.
If your personal information is no longer required, we will securely delete it.



External links


Our websites may contain links to third party sites.
Since we do not control, and are not responsible for the privacy practices of those websites, we encourage you to review them.
This policy applies solely to personal information collected by our websites.

3) Scope

This policy applies to all legal entities which ZEKRIT Trading &amp.
Contracting EST.
wholly owns, has a majority stake in or overall operational control of.
As well as applying to our interactions with customers, suppliers and business partners, it also applies to all information collected over www.zekrit.net the website we operate.
It applies to anyone whose personal information is processed by ZEKRIT, but not ZEKRIT colleagues.




For the purposes of data protection (including the General Data Protection Regulation), the ZEKRIT entity that you primarily do business with will be the ‘primary controller’ of your personal data.
For example, if you are a supplier, this would be the ZEKRIT entity you provide services.
If you are a website visitor, it would be the ZEKRIT entity operating that website.


4) Contact information

If you have any questions in relation to this policy or you wish to exercise any of your rights, please
contact us through the Contact Us web page or through:


 E-mail : info@zekrit.net


Telephone / Phone : +974 4476 1152 / +974 3353 4161





© Zekrit Trading Company 2021



Terms of Use



Privacy Policy
Register for our monthly newsletter
Sign upGoogle SitesReport abuseThis site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic.
Information about your use of this site is shared with Google.
By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.Learn moreGot it
      