
        Search this siteZekrit Trading &amp.
Contracting
Home
Services
About Us
Contact Us
Zekrit Trading &amp.
Contracting
Home
Services
About Us
Contact Us
More
Home
Services
About Us
Contact Us


Terms of UseThis website (the 'website') is the website of ZEKRIT Trading &amp.
Contracting EST. ('[company]', 'us' or 'we').
Please read these terms and conditions of use of the website carefully as by using it you agree to be bound by them.
We reserve the right to vary the conditions of use at any time and will post any variations here.
You are advised to review the conditions of use on a regular basis as you will be deemed to have accepted variations if you continue to use the website after they have been posted.
If you do not agree to abide by these conditions of use you should not use the website in any way.
Information published on the Website is supplied by us and, where indicated, by certain third parties.
We take every care and precaution to ensure that information published on the website is accurate when posted and regularly updated, but cannot guarantee or be held liable for its accuracy or timeliness and we may change the information at any time without notice.
You must not rely on the information on the website and you acknowledge that you must take appropriate steps to verify this information before acting on it.
We publish the website 'as is' without any warranty of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the website, the accuracy of the information or the products or products referred to on the website (in so far as such warranties may be excluded under relevant law) and to the extent permitted by law, we shall not be liable for any losses or damage whether direct or indirect (including without limitation direct or indirect loss of profits), consequential, special or otherwise incidental that may arise from use of the website however arising.
The information contained in the website, or linked websites, is not an invitation to invest in other securities, or any other products or products or otherwise deal in these or enter into a contract with ZEKRIT Trading &amp.
Contracting EST. or any other company.
The information provided should not be relied upon in connection with any decision.
You should always seek appropriate professional advice in relation to such.
Any reference to any product or service which has been or may be provided by us or any other company does not amount to a promise that such product or service will be available at any time.
Changes to or improvements in such products or products may be made at any time without notice.
Copyright in the design and architecture of the website is owned by ZEKRIT Trading &amp.
Contracting EST.
and a portion of the website is made using Google's tools and images used in banners are taken from Pixabay.
We own the copyright in the content published on the website except where otherwise indicated by a third party's proprietary notice.
Images, trade marks and brands are also protected by other intellectual property laws and may not be reproduced or appropriated in any manner without written permission of their respective owners.
Unless specifically prohibited by a notice published on any page, you may make a print copy of such parts of the website as you may reasonably require for your own personal use provided that any copy has attached to it any relevant proprietary notices and/or disclaimers.
All other use is prohibited.
We are not responsible for the content of any other website from which you have accessed the website or to which you may hyperlink from the website and cannot be held liable for any loss or damage you incur as a result thereof.
To the extent that any part of these conditions of use is found to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction such part shall to that extent be severed from the remaining terms all of which shall remain in full force and effect as permitted by law.



© Zekrit Trading Company 2021



Terms of Use



Privacy Policy
Register for our monthly newsletter
Sign upGoogle SitesReport abuseThis site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic.
Information about your use of this site is shared with Google.
By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.Learn moreGot it
      