
         Toggle navigation 
PRODUCTS
AntiMalware
AntiLogger
Mobile Antivirus
Endpoint Security
Deepware


PRICING
Buy AntiMalware
Buy AntiLogger
Buy Android Antivirus


Partners
Sales Partnership
Technology Partnership
Partner Portal


OEM
White-label
SDK


HELP
Privacy PolicyHere at Zemana, we are making security products that are very powerful but also very easy to use.
The key is in simplicity.
We believe that your rights about privacy and control over your information should be also simple and easy to understand.
We will be transparent about the information (data) we collect and why we collect them.
We do not and will not sell your data to third parties.
Our primary purpose in collecting your data is to be able to deliver you better security products and services.
This Privacy Policy applies to Zemana‘s website and all products and services offered by Zemana Ltd.
It describes how we collect, use, share and secure your personal information.
It also describes your choices regarding use, access and correction of your personal information.Where do we collect your information?We may collect your information from:

 Our websiteIncluding, but not limited to, when you visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site.

 Direct communication with usWhen you contact us by email, contact form, or otherwise.

 Our softwareWhen you use or products (download, install, uninstall, or buy)How do we collect your information?Some information is provided directly by you, when you choose to share it with us.
Our software collects information about your use of the software.
This is necessary to ensure our software is operating correctly and to confirm the status of your license of our software.What kind of information do we collect?There are two types of information we collect: personal and non-personal.

Personal information is information that is either expressly provided by you or an information that can be used either alone or in combination with other information to personally identify you.
We will collect personal identification information from you only if you voluntarily submit such information to us.
You can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.When using our website or you have direct communication with usWe may collect the following personal information from you: Contact Information (such as name, email address, mailing address, or phone number).
Information about your business (such as company name, company size, business type) and.
Information related to your usage of our products.
Our third-party service provider may collect billing information (credit card number and billing address) on our behalf to process orders.

Non-personal information is all information that is not personal or that was personal but which we modify and/or aggregate with other data to make it non-personal information.
We gather certain information automatically.
This information may be the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers you use and other similar information.When using our softwareBy enabling the Zemana Ltd.
software, you agree to allow the program to collect and report data to the Zemana IntelliGuard Cloud Infrastructure (hereinafter referred to as IntelliGuard Cloud Data), anonymously and upon certain events.
These events are generated by program activity on your computer, which activates a trigger (or policy) within the Zemana Ltd.
software.
A policy is a rule within the software that monitors areas of your computer system for malicious program activity.
When an event is triggered, the following data about the suspicious program is transmitted:


 The action that you apply or that Zemana applies automatically


 The MD5 sum of the file


 The digital signature of the file


 The size of the file


 Version information of the file
Zemana IntelliGuard also collects standard computer information, which includes information regarding your computer software and hardware, such as your IP address, operating system, and version.
The IntelliGuard Cloud Data is anonymous and does not collect and process any personal user information.
The IntelliGuard Cloud Data is combined into our Zemana Threat Database and used to create rules which will determine if a file/program is “safe” or “malicious”.
In addition, the IntelliGuard Cloud Data is used to produce general statistics on attacks and threats.
these statistics may be used by Zemana Ltd.
in its malware research, publicity, marketing and promotional materials.
The IntelliGuard Cloud Database Service may be subject to occasional downtime for maintenance, repair, upgrade and update.Why do we collect your information?To personalize user experienceWe may use information taken together to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.To improve our SiteWe continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.To improve customer serviceYour information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.To send periodic emailsThe email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order.
It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.How long we keep your information?We will keep your personal information as needed to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected.
We will retain and use your personal information as necessary to comply with our business requirements, legal obligations, resolve disputes, protect our assets, and enforce our agreements.
Because these needs can vary for different data types in the context of different products or services, actual retention periods can vary significantly.How do we share your information?We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others.
We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys.
We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes if you have given us your permission.Third parties and limited purposes:


We may share your website interaction information with Google Analytics for analytical purposes.
Google's privacy policy is available at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy.

We may share your personal information with our global ecommerce and subscription billing platform 2Checkout, and for purchasing purposes (such as fulfilling orders and delivering updates, payment processing and similar).
This also applies to Google Play if you are purchasing our mobile software. 2Checkout's privacy policy is available at: http://www.avangate.com/legal/privacy.php Google Play's terms of services are available here: https://play.google.com/intl/ALL_us/about/play-terms.html 
We may share your emailing details with MailChimp for notifications and marketing about our products.
MailChimp's privacy policy is available at https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
For certain purposes we are using Bitdefender Antivirus SDK, and therefore Bitdefender may collect certain user data that will be modified and/or aggregated with other data to make it non-personal information. Bitdefender's privacy policy is available at https://www.bitdefender.com/site/view/legal-privacy.html
If someone buys our company us or we go bankrupt, your information may be transferred to someone else.
If the government asks for your information, your information will be revealed to them.
If you post your information on our blog, or social networks that is public.
You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them.
Access to your information:Upon request, Zemana Ltd.
will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information.
You may access, modify or delete (subject to applicable law) the personal information associated with your use of our services at any time by contacting us at privacy@zemana.com .
We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe.
We will delete, correct or give you the copy of your information as soon as possible.
however, some information may remain in archived/backup copies for our records or as otherwise required by law.ChildrenOur services are not directed to children under eighteen, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under thirteen.
If we learn that we have collected personal information of a child under thirteen we will delete such information from our files as soon as possible, provided, however, that some information may remain in archived/backup copies for our records or as otherwise required by law.The Legal Bases for Using Personal InformationThe General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is effective starting from May 25, 2018.
The GDPR requires that a valid legal basis be used to process personal data:Performance of a contractThe use of your personal information may be necessary to perform the agreement you have with us.
For example, to complete your purchase of your product, to make sure that your product performs its functions in a secure way or to respond to your requests.Legitimate interestsWe may use your personal information for our legitimate interests.
For example, we rely on our legitimate interest to analyze and improve our products and the content on our websites, to send you notifications about software updates or information about products or to use your personal information for administrative, fraud detection or legal purposes.Legal obligationWe may use your personal information to comply with legal requirements, as further mentioned above, if government ask for your information.ConsentWe may at times, request your consent to conduct certain actions with your personal information.
When requesting your consent, we are transparent and clear in ensuring you know what you are consenting to.ChoiceYou may sign-up to receive email or newsletter or other communications from us.
By interacting with us, or downloading content from our website, you may be added to our mailing list.
If you would like to discontinue receiving this information, you may update your email preferences by using the "Unsubscribe" link found in emails we send to you or by contacting us at privacy@zemana.comHow do we protect your information?We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its User happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.Privacy policy updatesWe will update our Privacy Policy as necessary to ensure that our policies are in line with international regulations, our product and business practices.
If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you of such changes by posting them on our website or by sending you an email or other notification prior to the change becoming effective.



Welcome to Zemana.
We use cookies to provide you with a great user experience, we store no personal details.Sure, that's ok.
Learn MoreZemana
Using our products should be simple, easy and satisfying. They should help you and solve your problem. We grow together with our users.









 Products


Zemana AntiMalware
Zemana AntiLogger
Zemana Mobile Antivirus
Zemana Endpoint Security
Help


FAQ
Forum
Submit a ticket
Malware Academy
Company


About us
Blog
Press Center
Careers
Fan Club
 Toggle navigation 
Copyright © 2007 - 2021 Zemana Ltd.
About us
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Site Map
 Global (English) 
 Turkish 
 Toggle navigation 
Copyright © 2007 - 2021 Zemana Ltd.
About us
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Site Map
 Global (English) 
 Turkish 

