
         Cookie Policy
Effective as of October 1, 2020, Zendesk, Inc., (“Zendesk”) and its subsidiaries, (collectively, the “Zendesk Group” or “we” or “us” or “our”) have updated our Cookie Policy.
For a prior version of our Cookie Policy, click here.

1.
Intro

This Cookie Policy (“Policy”) explains that we believe in being open and clear about how we use your information.
In the spirit of transparency, this Policy provides detailed information about how and when we use cookies on our Websites.
For the purposes of this Policy, the term, “Websites”, shall refer collectively to www.zendesk.com as well as the other websites that the Zendesk Group operates and that link to this Policy.

2.
Does Zendesk use Cookies?

Yes.
The Zendesk Group and our marketing partners, affiliates, and analytics or service providers use cookies and other technologies to ensure everyone who uses the Websites has the best possible experience.

3.
What is a Cookie?

A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard drive by a web page server.
Cookies contain information that can later be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
Some of the cookies will only be used if you use certain features or select certain preferences, and some cookies will always be used.
You can find out more about each cookie by viewing our current cookie list below.
We update this list quarterly, so there may be additional cookies that are not yet listed.

4.
Why does Zendesk use Cookies?

When you visit our Websites, we may place a number of cookies in your browser.
These are known as First Party Cookies and are required to enable to hold session information as you navigate from page to page within the website.
For example, we use cookies on our Websites to understand visitor and user preferences, improve their experience, and track and analyze usage, navigational and other statistical information.
We may use web beacons, tags, flash cookies, HTML5, and scripts in the Websites or in emails to help us to deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon.
We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by our service/analytics providers on an individual and aggregated basis.
We partner with third parties to either display advertising on the Websites or to manage our advertising on other sites.
Our third party partners may also use technologies such as cookies, web beacons, tags, flash, HTML5, scripts, or other tracking technologies to gather information about your activities on our Websites and other sites in order to suggest advertisements based upon your browsing activities and interests.
If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking here and here (or if located in the European Union you may opt into the use of cookies, by clicking here).
Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads and you will continue to receive generic, untargeted ads.
Interest-Based Advertising – As described in this Policy, we and third parties may wish to use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect information and infer your interests for interest-based advertising purposes.
You can manage your preferences with regards to the receipt of tailored advertisements in the cookie settings described below.
Please note if these cookies are switched off, you will continue to see advertisements, but they will no longer be tailored to your interests.

5.
How to disable Cookies

You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level.
If you elect not to activate the cookie or to later disable cookies, you may still visit our Websites, but your ability to use some features or areas of the Websites may be limited.
For further information on how to manage Flash cookies please click here.
You can generally activate or later deactivate the use of cookies through a functionality built into your web browser.
To learn more about how to control cookie settings through your browser:

Click here to learn more about the “Private Browsing” setting and managing cookie settings in Firefox;
Click here to learn more about “Incognito” and managing cookie settings in Chrome;
Click here to learn more about “InPrivate” and managing cookie settings in Internet Explorer.
or
Click here to learn more about “Private Browsing” and managing cookie settings in Safari.

If you want to learn more about cookies, or how to control, disable or delete them, please visit http://www.aboutcookies.org for detailed guidance.
In addition, certain third party advertising networks, including Google, permit users to opt out of or customize preferences associated with your internet browsing.
To learn more about this feature from Google, click here.
Many jurisdictions require or recommend that website operators inform users/visitors as to the nature of cookies they utilize and, in certain circumstances, obtain the consent of their users to the placement of certain cookies.

The Websites include third party social media features, such as the Facebook Like button, and third party widgets, such as the ‘Share This’ button or interactive mini-programs that run on the Websites.
These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on the Websites, and set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
Your interaction with these features is governed by the privacy policy of the third party company providing it.

Opt-Out of Interest-Based Advertising:

To opt-out of interest-based advertising by third parties, please visit:

Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)’s self-regulatory opt-out page (http://optout.aboutads.info/) and mobile application-based “AppChoices” download page (https://youradchoices.com/appchoices) if you are located in the United States.
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)’s consumer opt-out page (http://youronlinechoices.eu) if you are located in Europe.
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)’s self-regulatory opt-out page (http://optout.networkadvertising.org/) if you are located in the United States.

In the mobile environment, most mobile operating systems offer device-based opt-out choices that are transmitted to companies providing interest-based advertising.
To set an opt-out preference for a mobile device identifier (such as Apple’s IDFA or Android’s GAID), visit the device manufacturer’s current choice instructions pages, or read more about sending signals to limit ad tracking for your operating system here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices.
Please note that these settings must be performed on each device (including each web browser on each device) for which you wish to opt-out, and if you clear your cookies or if you use a different browser or device, you will need to renew your opt-out preferences.
We may use any of the following categories of cookies on the Websites as detailed below.





6.
Cookies Subject to Change

The content of this Policy is for your general information and use only.
These cookies are subject to change without notice.
You acknowledge that this information may contain inaccuracies or errors and is subject to change and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.

7.
Cookies Used in Our Services

In addition to using cookies on our Websites as described above, we also use cookies and other tracking technologies in connection with your access to and use of the products and services which we market for subscription on our Websites (our “Services”).
How and why we use cookies and other tracking technologies in our Services is further explained in our Master Subscription Agreement found here.

8.
Updating This Policy

If there are any material changes to this Policy, you will be notified by the posting of a prominent notice on our Websites prior to the change becoming effective.
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on the Policy.
Your continued use of the Websites constitutes your agreement to be bound by such changes to this Policy.
Your only remedy, if you do not accept the terms of this Policy, is to discontinue use of and access to the Websites.

9.
English Version Controls

Non-English translations of this Policy are provided for convenience only.
In the event of any ambiguity or conflict between translations, the English version is authoritative and controls.

10.
Contact Us

If you have questions or concerns regarding this Policy or about the Zendesk Group’s privacy practices, please contact us by email at privacy@zendesk.com, or at:
Zendesk’s United States Representative:
Zendesk, Inc.
Attn: Hasani Caraway, General Counsel &amp.
Chief Privacy Officer
989 Market Street
San Francisco, CA 94103, United States
privacy@zendesk.com
Zendesk’s European Representative:
Zendesk International Ltd
Attn: Rachel Tobin, AGC, EMEA &amp.
Global Privacy Counsel
55 Charlemont Place, Saint Kevin’s, Dublin, D02 F985 Ireland
privacy@zendesk.com
Net Promoter and NPS are registered U.S.
trademarks, and Net Promoter Score and Net Promoter System are service marks, of Bain &amp.
Company, Inc., Satmetrix Systems, Inc.
and Fred Reichheld.
