
        Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for www.zerobounce.net (the “Site”), including ZeroBounce’s policies on the collection, use, and disclosure of information in connection with Your use of the Site and any related email validation services (the “Services”).
When You access or use the Site or the Services, You agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.PARTICIPATION IN EU-U.S.
PRIVACY SHIELD &amp.
SWISS-U.S.
PRIVACY SHIELDZeroBounce complies with the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S.
Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and the United Kingdom, and/or Switzerland to the United States, respectively.
ZeroBounce has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to such information.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, please visit: https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
Certified entities are listed at: https://www.privacyshield.gov/list.INFORMATION COLLECTION PRACTICESTraffic Data CollectedZeroBounce may store information that Your computer provides to us in connection with Your use of the Site and/or Services, such as: 1) IP address.
2) domain servers.
3) type of computer or device accessing the Site.
and 4) types of web browsers used to access the Site (collectively, “Traffic Data”).
Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify You but is helpful for marketing purposes or for improving Your experience on the Site.
ZeroBounce may also store usage data such as the date and time the Site and Services are accessed, and what information and files have been downloaded.CookiesWhat are Cookies?When You visit the Site or otherwise interact with the Services, ZeroBounce may send one or more “cookies” to Your computer.
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers stored on Your computer through Your web browser and are used by most websites to record user activity and to personalize Your web experience.
Some cookies may facilitate Site features for enhanced performance and functionality such as remembering preferences, analyzing usage for Site optimization, and providing custom content.
The length of time a cookie stays on Your device varies depending on the type of cookie.What cookies does ZeroBounce use on the Site and why?EU legislation requires websites to inform users when cookies are in use.
ZeroBounce utilizes Google cookies to perform the following functions on the Site: store user preferences.
create authentication tickets related to logging into the Site.
and track analytics information, such as the number of visitors to the Site and when.
what browsers visitors use.
and how long visitors stay on the Site.
This data does not contain any information that is personal to You or other visitors.
However, ZeroBounce may link the information it stores in cookies to any Personal Information You submit through the Site or Services.
ZeroBounce utilizes both session cookies, which remain active on Your web browser until closed, and persistent cookies, which are stored in Your web browser for a longer period of time, until they expire or are deleted.Enabling and disabling cookiesIf You do not accept the cookies, You will still be able to browse our Site and it will not prevent any functionality of the Site itself.
However, to the extent that You intend to login as a customer of the Site and utilize the ZeroBounce Services, if You do not accept the cookies, You will be unable to login to your ZeroBounce account and access the Services through the Site.
To check to see if cookies are enabled on Your device, please follow the steps below.
Alternatively, view Your browser’s help pages or information on how to manage cookies at: www.allaboutcookies.org , which contains comprehensive information on cookies on a wide variety of browsers.
You can also find details on how to delete cookies from Your computer.
To understand these settings, the following links may be helpful, or you can use the “help” option in Your browser for more details:Cookie settings in Internet Explorer:https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies#ie=ie-10Cookie settings in Firefox:https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/cookies-information-websites-store-on-your-computer?redirectlocale=en-US&redirectslug=CookiesCookie settings in Chrome:https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en&ref_topic=14666Settings in Safari web and iOs:https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/macIn addition to the above, Google has developed a Google Analytics opt-out browser add on to prevent the use of Your data by Google Analytics: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptoutPersonal Information CollectedWhen You create an account on the Site, ZeroBounce may ask for personal information such as Your name, email address, credit card information, and other information (“Personal Information”).
Personal Information such as Your name and email address are used to create a user account for the Site and Services, as well as for email newsletters and invoicing.
Your credit card information is used by third parties such as Paypal or Stripe to process Your payment(s) for the Services.
ZeroBounce commits to subject all Personal Information received from the EU or Switzerland in reliance on the Privacy Shield Principles.
If You register an account and/or provide information to ZeroBounce, You consent to Your Personal Information being collected, used, and stored by ZeroBounce, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of Use and this Privacy Policy.
Information uploaded to the Site or otherwise submitted to ZeroBounce in conjunction with the Services, including but not limited to CSV or TXT files, may be stored encrypted with a password for a period of thirty (30) days.
If You initiate a payment for the Services, ZeroBounce may collect and store Personal Information, as well as any other information provided to us.
This Personal Information may be shared with third parties in order to process Your payment.ZeroBounce may use your Personal Information toRespond to Your inquiries and fulfill Your requests for Services.
Send information to You, including information regarding our Services.
Complete and fulfill Your purchase, for example, to process Your payments, or communicate with You regarding Your purchase.
Send You marketing communications that we believe may be of interest to You;Personalize Your experience on the Site or Services.
Conduct data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention.
Develop new products and services, or enhance, improve, or modify our products or services.
and As necessary or appropriate under applicable law, including laws outside Your country of residence.
to comply with legal process.
to respond to requests from public and government authorities.
to enforce our terms and conditions.
to protect our operations.
to protect our rights, privacy, safety, and/or that of our affiliates, You or others.
and to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, ZeroBounce will keep Your Personal Information private and will not sell or rent Personal Information to anyone.
In cases of onward transfers to third parties, Zero Bounce shall remain liable for any violations of this Privacy Policy and of the Privacy Shield Principles.OPTING-OUT OF FUTURE CONTACTS AND YOUR CHOICES TO LIMIT THE USE AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATAUnless You ask us not to, we may contact You via email in the future to tell You about specials, new services, or changes to this Privacy Policy.
You may opt-out of receiving promotional email by sending a request for removal by clicking on the "Contact Us" link on the bottom of the Site.
ZeroBounce will try to comply with Your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
Please note that if You do opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us, ZeroBounce may still send You messages for administrative or other purposes directly relating to Your use of the Services, and You cannot opt-out of receiving those messages.
You can do the following at any time by contacting us via our website:
See what data, including any Personal Information, we have about You, if any.
Request access to Your Personal Information.
Change/correct any data we have about You.
Have us delete any data we have about You.
Express any concern You have about our use of Your data.


If You request deletion of Your account, we may need to retain certain Personal Information for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that You began prior to requesting such change or deletion.
There may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed.
We may retain Personal Information for as long as needed to provide the Site and Services, or to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, prevent abuse, and enforce our agreements.
To contact ZeroBounce with any inquiries or complaints, including any regarding our Terms, Privacy Policy, or other policy related material, click on the "Contact Us" link on the bottom of the Site.CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTSFor information specific to California residents, please review California Privacy Rights.SECURITYWe take precautions to protect Your information.
We maintain our Site and Services and all associated data with technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to protect against loss, unauthorized access, destruction, misuse, modification, and improper disclosure.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect Your information offline.
Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
If a security breach causes an unauthorized intrusion into our Site or Services that materially affects You or Your Personal Information, we will attempt to notify You as soon as possible.DATA RETENTIONWe will retain Your Personal Information for as long as needed to provide the Services, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.CROSS-BORDER TRANSFERThe Site and Services are controlled and operated by United States from the country of United States, and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country, or territory other than that of United States.
Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers.
By using the Site and Services, You consent to the transfer of such information to countries outside of Your country of residence, including the United States, which may have different data protection rules than those of Your country.DISPUTESIn compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, ZeroBounce commits to resolve complaints about Your privacy and our collection or use of Your Personal Information.
Individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy, our compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles should first contact ZeroBounce by clicking on the "Contact Us" link on the bottom of the Site.
ZeroBounce has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU Privacy Shield, operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States, to address complaints and provide appropriate recourse free of charge to the individual.
If You do not receive timely acknowledgment of Your complaint from us, or if we have not resolved Your complaint, please contact or visit https://bbbprograms.org/programs/all-programs/bbb-eu-privacy-shield-consumers consumers for more information and to file a complaint.
The services of the BBB EU Privacy Shield are provided at no cost to You.
ZeroBounce is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”), or any other U.S.
authorized statutory body.
The FTC has jurisdiction over ZeroBounce’s compliance with the Privacy Shield.
The place of arbitration shall be the United States, and in person participation will not be required.
Irrespective of the outcome of arbitration, each party shall bear its own attorneys’ fees.
The arbitrator(s) has the authority to impose individual-specific, non-monetary equitable relief necessary to remedy any violation of the Privacy Shield Principles only with respect to the individual.
Section C of Annex I to the Privacy Shield Principles contains more details regarding initiating arbitration proceedings and can be reviewed at https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I- introduction.CHANGESZeroBounce reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy.
The date affixed next to the “Last Updated” legend above corresponds with the date the Privacy Policy was last revised.
ZeroBounce reserves the right, at any time, and without notice, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Policy.
Any changes to the Privacy Policy will become effective when ZeroBounce posts a revised Privacy Policy.
Your use of the Site and Services following any changes means that You accept the revised Privacy Policy.NEED MORE INFORMATION OR HAVING DIFFICULTY ACCESSING THIS INFORMATION?If you have a disability which interferes with your ability to access this policy, we can make accommodations to present the policy in an alternative format, to assist you.
If you would like to receive this information in another format that is accessible to your needs (for example: audio, large print, etc.) please contact us.
