
ZetBull Limited understands the importance of personal information of every client.
Cooperating with ZetBull Limited you can be sure in privacy of your personal information and in its protection by our staff.
Our employees protect all collected data from any third party.
We use a variety of technologies to reduce the risk of leaks of clients' personal data.

Personal information includes such items as: 

Name and Surname of the Client.
Locations.
Personal account of electronic currency.
Login, email and password.



ZetBull Limited collects your personal information only with your permission and confidence in the security of your personal information in our company.
Terms &amp.
Conditions of our company explain how your information is collected and used.
Information that is automatically collected when you visiting our website: 

Your IP address.
Your Internet Provider.
Your location and country of residence.
Your browser and type of operating system.



This types of information are also the part of the personal information. DATA STORAGE We collect and save data only in our company on our own data storage without any third party.
Personal information is stored in accordance with the rules of storage and disposal.
Customer information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred,
or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without the consent of
the customer, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product
or service requested by the customer.
For your safety and protection, your credit card information or payment account is not stored on
our servers.
Our payment gateway provider Perfect Money and Payeer keeps this information encrypted and secure on your behalf.
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to periodic company news, updates, and/or related product or service information, etc. CONTACT INFORMATION If you have any questions about collection or storage of personal data on ZetBull.com contact us via email support(at)zetbull.com
