
         Terms &amp.
Conditions General Rules 
This document is created in accordance with the rules of international law and business practice.
ZetBull Limited accepts individuals aged 18.
The registration procedure is necessary for each ZetBull Limited client.
You agree with terms and conditions by being a client of ZetBull Limited.
 Investment Rules 
Every deposit is considered to be a private transaction between ZetBull Limited and its client.
Clients process all financial transactions solely at their own discretion and their own risk.
The size and term of deposit is determined personally by each client.
Accrual of interest on the investment is calculated and credited to client's account at the end of investment term for "AFTER" investment plans and daily on 'DAILY' investment plans.
The principal is included in profit in 'AFTER' investment plans and not included (will be returned after the deposit expiration) on 'DAILY' investment plans.
The interest rate depends on the amount of investment, investment plan and deposit term.
Client can use our Profit Calculator for an accurate calculation of his/her profit.
Client may choose any payment system or cryptocurrency that we accept in order to make a deposit.
ZetBull Limited accepts only USD for investing.
Client can open only one account per IP/Family/Device.
If you wish to open another account contact us before at support@zetbull.com.
If a new account is opened, the old account will be closed.
 Anti-Spam Rules Spam is commercial e-mail or unsolicited bulk e-mail, including "junk mail", which has not been requested by the recipient.
It is intrusive and often irrelevant or offensive, and it wastes valuable resources.
Inappropriate newsgroup activities, consisting of excessive posting of the same materials to several newsgroups, are also deemed to be spam.

We don't tolerate SPAM in our company.
We forbid unsolicited e-mails of any kind in connection with the marketing of the services provided by ZetBull Limited.
If any law enforcement agency, internet provider, web hosting provider or other person or entity provide us with notice that you may have engaged in transmission of unsolicited e-mails or may have engaged in otherwise unlawful conduct or conduct in violation of an internet service provider's terms of service or any such policies or regulations, we will reserve the right to cooperate in any investigation relating to your activities including disclosure of your account information.
If you didn't receive a letter from ZetBull Limited, please don't forget to check your Spam folder because some email services may mark our email as Spam.
 Procedure of amending the present rules 
Administration of ZetBull Limited reserves the right to make changes to the current document without the consent of investors.
Administration of ZetBull Limited will inform clients about changes by publishing notice on the site of the company.
Terms and Conditions changes come into force since the date of publishing information on the site, unless otherwise provided in the text.
 Customer Service and Support 
Every client has the right to get any additional information from our support service.
Client may contact our support service via our Support Form or another method which is convinient for him.
Client agrees to behave politely with our support service and follow the instructions to prevent anyone from potentially negative situation.

