
         Terms of Service The ZoogVPN service (the "Service") is owned and operated by Zoog Services IKE company and is provided to you ("You") under the terms and conditions of these Zoog VPN Terms of Service ("Terms"), which include Zoog VPN's privacy policy and registration form, available through the hyperlinks set forth below and incorporated herein by reference.
By completing the electronic registration process and clicking the "Sign Up" button, you represent and warrant that you: (i) are authorized to sign for and bind the contracting party and (ii) agree to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this agreement. 1.
Description of Service The Service provided by Zoog VPN grants You access to the Internet as facilitated by your internet service provider via our secure encrypted tunnel. 2.
Registration To use the Service, You must submit a complete registration form, which is available at https://zoogvpn.com/sign-up (the "Registration Form") or through the create account screen on ZoogVPN apps.
As part of registration you will need to provide your email address and password only for account management purpose. 3.
Services (a) Description of Service Zoog VPN grants the registered user with secure access to the Internet via an encrypted tunnel terminating at Zoog VPN's secure gateway location from any supported Internet-enabled device.
Zoog VPN makes the Service available under a number of different price plans. (b) Prices &amp.
Fees The prices for various VPN price plans are posted on Zoog VPN's website.
Your subscription plan will be active until the expiry date and will be terminated thereafter unless you renew it from your account or your subscription is recurring, in which case upon cancellation.
You agree to pay the price plan fee in connection with Your subscription for Zoog VPN services (including any applicable taxes) at the rates in effect at the time of purchase.
All fees and charges are subject to our Refund Policy.
Zoog VPN reserves the right to periodically update prices of their plans in a form of promotions or inflationary increases.
This changes only apply to new subscriptions and do not affect the existing recurring subscriptions. (c) Trial Offers and Special Offers Zoog VPN reserves the right to discontinue or modify trial and special promotional offers at our sole discretion.
The Free Trial offer associated with Zoog VPN individual account entitles new, registered subscribers to a one-time/per-person, free trial usage of the service.
Attempts to abuse the free trial offer by signing up with multiple accounts for the same person may result in forfeiture of the free trial.
Free Trial terms vary by promotional offer.
At the end of the trial period, You will need to subscribe to one of the price plans to continue to use the Service.
All expired Free Trial accounts will be disconnected from the Service. 4.
User Conduct and Proprietary Rights (a) No Resale or Commercial Use of the Service Your right to use the Service is personal to You.
You may be either an individual or a corporation or business entity, but You agree not to resell the use of the Service, any downloadable software or other materials or any information obtained by You without the express written consent of Zoog VPN. (b) Conduct You are solely responsible for the content of Your data transfer through the Service.
Your use of the Service is subject to all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations.
You agree: (1) to comply with all United States and United Kingdom laws, rules and other regulations applicable in connection with the Service.
(2) not to use the Service for illegal purposes.
(3) not to interfere or disrupt networks connected to the Service.
(4) not to use the Service to infringe any third party's copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy.
(5) not to transmit through the Service any unlawful, harassing, libellous, abusive, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene or otherwise objectionable material of any kind or nature, which includes but is not limited to spam in electronic mail and social media posts.
(6)You will not engage in any P2P on unauthorised VPN servers (this activity is only permitted on certain VPN servers which are listed on VPN network page), leeching and/or piracy activities through the Service.
(7) You will not attempt to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems and You will not interfere with another user's use and enjoyment of the Service.
You can contact Zoog VPN about abuse at info@zoogvpn.com. (c) Proprietary Rights In accordance with Your authorized use of the Service, Zoog VPN grants You a limited license to use the software solely in connection with the Service offered by Zoog VPN.
You acknowledge that the software downloaded in connection with the Service is proprietary to Zoog VPN and may be protected by copyrights, trademarks, product marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws.
therefore, You are only permitted to use this software as expressly authorized by the Service and these Terms.
You may not copy, reproduce, distribute or create derivative works of the software without expressly being authorized to do so by Zoog VPN.
Further, You may not reverse engineer, decompile, alter, modify, disassemble or otherwise attempt to derive source code from the software.
All rights reserved to Zoog VPN. 5.
Affiliates &amp.
Resellers (a) Spam Further to above general Code of Conduct terms, Affiliates &amp.
Resellers are responsible for the emails they send and social media posts they make as part of their capacity as Affiliates and Resellers.
Zoog VPN strictly forbids spam whether in email or social media comment form, all spam is equally forbidden and never endorsed by Zoog VPN. (b) Ethical Copy Zoog VPN expects their affiliates and resellers to use ethically acceptable copy (keywords, terms, metatags, descriptions and webdesigns) in their advertising campaigns.
Ethically acceptable copy is considered copy that in no way deceptive or impose upon the trademarks, copyrights or intellectual property of another product, company or entity.
Purchasing advertisements on search engines with the names of the represented companies is strictly prohibited. (c) Full Disclosure Required Zoog VPN fully endorses the full disclosure requirements and their equivalent laws in respective jurisdictions, including but not limited to Federal Trade Commission 16 CFR Part 255 (or equivalent): Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising, which requires, among other criteria, that material connections between advertisers and endorsers be disclosed.
This means that directories, review/rating sites, blogs and other websites, email or collateral that purport to provide an endorsement or assessment of an advertiser must prominently disclose the fact financial or in kind compensation is provided from the advertiser. (d) Affiliates and Resselers Conduct As an Affiliate you will apply good business ethics to refer new customers and earn commission on it.
You will not earn any commission by exploiting your own unique Affiliates link for purchase of the Service for your sole benefit and purpose.
You can only refer other people and not yourself as an ZoogVPN Affiliate or Resseler.
Any affiliate account found not complying with these terms will be suspended and given 30 days to rectify the violating items, which upon failure to do so will result in discontinuation of the violating affiliate's account. 6.
Maintenance and Updates You understand that Zoog VPN may update the Service at any time, but is under no obligation to inform You of or furnish to You any such updates.
This Agreement does not grant You any right, license or interest in or to any support, maintenance, modifications, improvements, updates or enhancements to the Service. 7.
Disclaimer of Warranties You expressly agree that use of the Service is at Your sole risk.
The Service is provided on an "as is" basis.
Zoog VPN expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
Zoog VPN makes no warranty that the Service will meet Your requirements or that the Service will be uninterrupted, timely or error free, nor does Zoog VPN make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from the use of the Service or the accuracy of any other information obtained through the Service or that defects in the software will be corrected.
You understand and agree that any material and/or data downloaded or otherwise obtained (including software) through the use of the Service is done at Your own risk and that You will be solely responsible for any damage to Your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of such material and/or data.
No information or advice, whether oral or written, obtained by You from Zoog VPN or through the Service shall create any warranty not expressly made herein. 8.
Limitation of Liability In no event shall Zoog VPN be liable for any incidental, indirect, consequential or special damages, resulting from the use or the inability to use the service, including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, even if Zoog VPN has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Zoog VPN liability to you or any third party is limited to $1. 9.
Indemnity You hereby agree, at Your expense, to indemnify, defend and hold Zoog VPN harmless from and against any loss, cost, damages, liability or expense arising out of or relating to (a) a third-party claim, action or allegation of infringement based on information, data, files or other content submitted by You.
(b) any fraud or manipulation, or other breach of these Terms of Service by You.
or (c) any third-party claim, action or allegation brought against Zoog VPN arising out of or relating to a dispute between its users over the terms and conditions of a contract or related to the purchase and sale of any Services.
