
         × Subscribe to our newsletter.
Zorin 
Zorin OS
Zorin Grid
Computers
Help

☰ Menu Cookies Policy Effective from 24 June 2022
This cookie policy ("Policy") describes what cookies are and how Zorin OS Technologies Limited (“Zorin,” “Zorin OS,” “we,” “us,” or “our,”) uses them on our websites and any of its products or services (collectively, "Website" or "Services").
You should read this Policy so you can understand what cookies are, what type of cookies we use, the information we collect using cookies, and how that information is used.
It also describes the choices available to you regarding accepting or declining the use of cookies. What are cookies? Cookies are small pieces of data stored in text files that are saved on your computer or other devices when websites are loaded in a browser.
They are widely used to remember you and your preferences, either for a single visit (through a "session cookie") or for multiple repeat visits (using a "persistent cookie").
Session cookies are temporary cookies that are used during your visit to our Websites, and they expire when you close the web browser.
Persistent cookies are used to remember your preferences within our Website and remain on your desktop or mobile device even after you close your browser or restart your computer.
They ensure a consistent and efficient experience for you while visiting our Website or using our Services.
Cookies may be set by our Website ("first-party cookies"), or by third parties, such as those who serve content, track customers arriving from our affiliate partners, or provide analytics services on our Website ("third-party cookies").
These third parties may be able to recognise you when you visit our Website and also when you visit certain other websites. What type of cookies do we use? Strictly necessary cookies Strictly necessary cookies allow us to offer you the best possible experience when accessing and navigating through our Website and using its features.
For example, these cookies let us recognise that you have created an account and have logged into that account to access the content. Functionality cookies Functionality cookies let us operate the Website and our Services in accordance with the choices you make.
For example, we will remember how you customised the Website and Services during future visits. Cookie list The following table lists the cookies we set on our Website and Services: Name Cookies (Expiration) Purpose Mailjet mail session mail_session (session) Used when subscribing to our newsletter.
Email during registration on the forum email (session) Used during account creation on the forum.
Forum login destination URL destination_url (session) Used by the forum during login to redirect to the requested page.
Forum full screen login authentication_data (next page view), fsl (session), _bypass_cache (session) Used during full-screen login on the forum.
Forum theme theme_ids (never) Sets the forum style only when when the “Make this my default theme on all my devices” option is disabled.
Forum authentication _t (1440 hours) A token used to authenticate users on the forum.
Forum session _forum_session (session) Keeps the session on the forum.
Forum clear notifications cn (never) Clear client notifications on the forum.
Paddle checkout variant paddlejs_checkout_variant (3 months) Used by our checkout for payment processing.
Paddle campaign referrer paddlejs_campaign_referrer (1 month) Keeps track of campaigns referrers for visitors on our checkout.
How to control the use of cookies You can disable the use of all cookies by adjusting the appropriate setting on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this).
Be aware that disabling cookies may affect the functionality of this Website or our Services, as well as other websites you may visit. Contacting us If you would like to ask us about the Cookie Policy or any other query relating to the Service you can do so by sending us a message on this page or write to us at the below address:
Legal, Zorin Technology GroupGuinness Enterprise CentreTaylor's LaneDublin 8Ireland Older version Before 24 June 2022 Zorin OS homepage Get the latest news about Zorin and tips in your inbox.
Subscribe to our newsletter Made with ☘️ in Ireland. Products 
Zorin OS
Zorin Grid
Computers
 Help 
How to Install Zorin OS
System Requirements
Switch Your Organization
Other Help Articles
 Company 
About
Blog
Press Kit
Donate
 © 2008 - 2022 Zorin Group All Rights Reserved.Any trademarks or logos used on this site are property of their respective owners.
Terms of ServicePrivacy PolicyCookies Policy 
      