
         &nbsp.
Data We Collect and Our Purposes 
 a.
Inquiries We may process email and/or phone number data contained in any inquiry you submit to us in order to help us handle and reply to your inquiry.
The legal basis for this processing is either consent or the performance of a contract.
 b.
Website Usage We may process data about your use of our website and services.
Such data may include your IP address, geographic location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views, and website navigation paths as well as information about the timing, frequency, and pattern of your service use.
The legal basis for this processing is either consent or our legitimate interests, namely improving your browsing experience on our sites.
 c.
Use of Our Services 
 Account Data For certain Zyxel services, users are required to register a user account in order to activate their purchased service.
Account data may include name, email address, login credentials, and postal address.
This data may be processed for the purposes of providing our services, ensuring the security of our services, maintaining our databases, and communicating with you.
The legal basis for this processing is either the performance of a contract between you and us or our legitimate interests, namely improving our service standard and/or developing more functionality for users.
 Service Data For our cloud or internet-based services, we may process the personal data you provide in the course of using our services.
The service data may include your name, email address, login credentials, browser type, device ID, IP address, MAC address, system settings, network statistics, licence status, activity logs, device hardware status, and access time stamp.
This data may be processed for the purposes of providing our services.
The legal basis for this processing is either the performance of a contract between you and us or our legitimate interests, namely improving our service standard and/or developing more functionality for users.
 Licence and Product Registration Data We may process information relating to product registration or maintaining applicable licences on your devices.
The licence and product registration data may include your name, email address, postal address, device ID, IP address, and MAC address.
This data may be processed for the purposes of delivering purchased contracts and/or services to you.
The legal basis for this processing is either the performance of a contract between you and us or our legitimate interests, namely improving our service standard and/or developing more functionality for users.


 d.
Subscriptions If you provide your opt-in consent to subscribe to marketing information from us, we will process your email address and name for the purpose of sending you marketing information about our products and services.
The legal basis for this processing is your consent.
You may withdraw your consent at any time.
e.
Marketing and customer support 
Where we have your consent, we may send you marketing communications including without limit to regarding contests, promotions, rewards, upcoming events, and news about products and services provided by Zyxel and our selected partners and may process and deliver contest entries and rewards to and from you.
Where we have a legitimate interest in improving your service we provide to you, we may collect and process your data and demographic information (including but not limited to company name, occupation, gender, language preference, country, city, and postcode) obtained from our eNewsletter customer survey forms in order to provide you with better customer support.
 &nbsp.
Cookies and Similar Technologies We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our sites by displaying personalised content based on your preferences.
Where required by law, we will obtain your consent before we collect related information from your device or use these technologies.
If you do not want your information to be collected through the use of these technologies, you can disable cookies in your web browser settings.
However, doing so may impact your browsing experience and limit the online services we may provide you.
Read more &nbsp.
Data Retention Your personal data will not be retained in excess of two years after the termination or cessation of our services or purposes, with the exception of when local laws and regulations require it to be retained beyond that period. &nbsp.
Transfers of Personal Data Zyxel is a global company.
To offer our products and services, we may need to transfer your personal data to other Zyxel affiliates in non-EU/EEA countries.
Any transfers of personal data to outside EU/EEA countries are conducted pursuant to European Commission-approved Standard Contractual Clauses. &nbsp.
Your Rights As a data subject, your principle rights under data protection law are as follows.
Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries.
Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the relevant regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.

The right to access personal data
The right to rectify personal data that is incorrect or incomplete
The right to erase personal data ("the right to be forgotten") if certain grounds are met
The right to restrict/suspend the processing of personal data
The right to data portability
The right to withdraw consent at any time (if processing is based on consent)
The right to object to processing (if processing is based on legitimate interests)
The right to object to the processing of personal data for direct-marketing purposes
The right to complain to a supervisory authority if you believe that we have not handled your personal data in accordance with the GDPR

If you have any concerns or complaints about our use of your personal data or if you wish to exercise any of the above rights, please contact our data protection representative, as listed below.
We will respond to any rights that you wish to exercise within a month of receiving your request unless the request is particularly complex or cumbersome.
In cases involving the latter, we will respond within three months and will inform you within the first month that it will take longer than one month for us to respond. &nbsp.
Children Zyxel does not knowingly collect information from children, as defined by local law, and does not target our website or services to children.
If we learn that we have collected the personal data of children, we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible. &nbsp.
Changes of Purpose We may change our processing purposes over time.
Any such changes will be executed only following the update of this Policy. &nbsp.
Changes and Updates This Policy may from time to time be updated when necessary.
We therefore reserve the right to change its contents at any time.
We will publish the updated version of this Policy on this site.
We suggest that you periodically re-examine the Data Protection Notice to stay up to date. &nbsp.
Our Data Protection Representative If you reside in an EU/EEA country, please contact Zyxel Communications A/S at Gladsaxevej 378, 2.
sal th 2860 Søborg, Denmark or euprivacy@zyxel.eu.
If you reside outside the EU/EEA, please contact Zyxel Communications Corp.
at No.
2, Industrial East 9th Road, Hsinchu Science Park, Hsinchu City 30076, Taiwan (R.O.C.) or privacy@zyxel.com.tw. &nbsp.
IP Address The Zyxel website uses IP redirects to detect users’ IPs then points users to the regional website most suitable for them based on their location.
This enhances users’ browsing experience by providing them with more relevant information in their local language.
Zyxel doesn’t collect or store users’ IPs as part of the redirection process.
As of 22nd Sep, 2020
